Next Time Someone Says  White Privilege Isn t Real   Show Them Thisreddit
Think white privilege doesn't exist in America? Consider just how much the color of a child's skin changes his or her odds of escaping poverty later in life.
Roughly 16 percent of white children born into the poorest one-fifth of U.S. families will rise to become a member of the top one-fifth by the time they turn 40 years old, according to a new study by Brookings Institution researchers for the Boston Federal Reserve.
Those are fairly bleak odds, but for poor black children the odds of making it to the top are even longer: Only 3 percent of black children born into the poorest one-fifth of families will ever make the leap to the top income group, according to the study.
Even if they don't always make it to the top of the income ladder, poor whites escape the worst forms of poverty more often than poor blacks. Only 23 percent of poor white children will still be counted among the poorest Americans when they turn 40, while a whopping 51 percent of poor black children will, the researchers found.
This chart shows the social mobility levels for white Americans. The horizontal axis shows where families start out on the income ladder, and the vertical axis shows the percentage of children from those families that end up at each income level by the age of 40.
As you can see, the poorest white Americans have a decent shot of ending up in a higher tier than their parents -- 58 percent of white children from the poorest families end up in one of the top three income brackets.
But for black Americans, escaping poverty is far more difficult:
Just 22 percent of the poorest black children manage to get into the top three income brackets by the time they are 40. And note that there aren't even enough black families in the top income bracket to do statistically significant analysis.
The findings in the paper, co-authored by Brookings economists Richard V. Reeves and Isabel V. Sawhill ,  run counter to the beliefs of some, like Fox News host Bill O'Reilly, who argue that racism in this country has diminished to the point that white privilege no longer exists. O'Reilly visited The Daily Show last week and argued that any person, regardless of race, can get rich in America so long as they work hard.
But opportunities for success are clearly not that simple, for a host of reasons: The myriad legacies of slavery and Jim Crow , decades of racist housing policies , educational disparities , employment discrimination , and a race-fueled War on Drugs .
Where you start in life financially matters a lot, too: If you're born in the poorest 20 percent of families of any race, yet still earn a college degree, you have roughly the same chance of being stuck in the poorest bracket as rich high-school dropouts do of staying in the richest bracket (16 and 14 percent, respectively).
Upward mobility is a much harder climb than it would seem.
More:

The ugly truth about purple loosestrife0
The plant you are describing was most likely purple loosestrife (Lythrum salicaria), an invasive plant that is a serious threat to native wet habitats. Stewards of natural areas fight constantly against its spread.
The Chicago Botanic Garden does not recommend planting purple loosestrife or other invasive plants. You can find the garden's list of species that are invasive in the Chicago area and suggested alternatives for the garden at bit.ly/1okdQWE . Purple loosestrife is a threat throughout the state but occurs most extensively in northern Illinois. It quickly crowds out most native vegetation in marsh, fen, sedge meadow, wet prairie and bog communities, creating a monoculture that provides little food or shelter for native wildlife.
With its showy spikes of rose-purple flowers, purple loosestrife is easy to spot in roadside ditches, at the edges of lakes and along river banks from early July to early September. The plants typically grow 2 to 5 feet tall and often form large masses.
Native to Europe and Asia, purple loosestrife lacks natural enemies in the United States. It spreads quickly because of its extensive seed production and its ability to send up new sprouts from rhizomes, or underground stems. The seeds remain viable in the soil for a long time. Pieces of roots and stems also can take root and form new flowering plants.
These qualities make purple loosestrife one of this area's worst invasive species for wetlands.
There is a native plant called winged loosestrife (Lythrum alatum), but it can be distinguished from purple loosestrife by its generally smaller size, about 2 feet, and by upper leaves that have an alternate leaf arrangement rather than the opposite arrangement of purple loosestrife. The flowers of native loosestrife tend to be more widely spaced.
So be sure to accurately identify the invasive purple loosestrife before initiating any control measures.
To remove a small infestation of purple loosestrife, pull or carefully dig it out. Try to get out as much of the underground rhizome network as possible. Dispose of the plants by burning, if it is permissible in your municipality, or carefully bag the plants and put them in the trash. Be careful not to drop fragments of the plant that might take root. Spot applications of glyphosate herbicides also can be used.
It is best to remove the plants before they start setting seed in fall to avoid further spreading the infestation.
Some cultivated varieties of purple loosestrife are available that are claimed to be sterile. However, it is best to avoid planting these hybrids also, because they can form viable seeds as a result of cross-pollination with other purple loosestrife in the vicinity.
Tim Johnson is director of horticulture for the Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe; ctc-realestate@tribune.com .

Indian buyers increasingly using social media to lodge complaintsBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Dreamliner woes just teething troubles  says regulatorBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

UltraTech Cement readies for global buy with management rejigUltraTech Cement readies for global buy with management rejig
Ramsurya Mamidenna , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 26, 2014
First Published: 22:41 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:58 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
The Aditya Birla group has made senior management changes at group company, UltraTech Cement, as part of an overall strategy to prepare India’s largest cement maker for a crucial year that could include a multi-billion dollar overseas acquisition.
The $40-billion, Mumbai-based conglomerate led by Kumar Mangalam Birla has extended the term of group veteran and UltraTech managing director OP Puranmalka by a year. A new finance head would  be brought in by year-end. Two financial services experts have been roped in as independent directors on UltraTech’s board.
The Aditya Birla group had recently submitted bids for buying the cement assets of global major Lafarge in Brazil and The Philippines. These assets are part of a $6.3-billion combined portfolio of Lafarge and Swiss building materials giant Holcim, which are to be divested under a proposed merger scheme. The group is one among many international bidders for the assets, which have a combined sales of about $4.4 billion and employ more than 10,000 people.
“The board (of UltraTech) was of the opinion that the company is at a crucial stage as far as the business is concerned,” Aditya Birla group human resources director Santrupt Misra told HT. “It is a vital period for the cement business and the group felt they would benefit from Puranmalka’s experience... and decided  his term needs to be extended for a year.”
Puranmalka has been with the Aditya Birla group for over three decades, and has been instrumental for new cement capacities, buying limestone mines and also for exploring options for mergers and acquisitions (see graphic). He was re-designated managing director from whole-time director on September 1.
Group insider Atul Daga has been made the new chief financial officer in place of incumbent KC Birla, from December 1, 2014. The group has also appointed Renuka Ramnath, founder of Multiples, a $400-million private equity fund and a former managing director of ICICI Ventures, and Sukanya Kripalu, former CEO of Quadra Advisory, on the board of UltraTech.
“It is one of the good performing cement companies (of India) and has been benefiting from increased volumes and firm cement prices in India. It is also extremely under leveraged and has the balance sheet strength to raise large funds,” said Murtuza Arsiwala of Kotak Institutional Equities.
UltraTech has a low debt-equity ratio of 0.3. A low debt equity ratio indicates that a company is able to service its borrowings and can raise additional funds from the market. However the market has been nervous about UltraTech’s international acquisition plan.

The importance of Sundar Pichaiprint
The appointment of  Sundar Pichai, 42, as head of products at Google is bigger news than it appears. True, there is no immediate move to groom the IIT, Kharagpur engineer as successor to current CEO Larry Page (who is, as we all know, quite young) and his title still reads a bland “senior vice-president”.
But there is plenty of stuff that would point to his significance.
Running a company like Google requires more than your usual smart management and that would keep Page busy. As a path-breaking company in a global landscape, Google has to handle everything from disparate acquisitions to dealing with strange laws across cultures.
In such a context, handling core products is an immense responsibility at Google. In a sense, Sundar’s presence is more significant than that of Nikesh Arora, who left Google as chief business officer this year to become the vice-chairman of Japan’s Softbank. Arora is more of a business mind with an expertise in telecom.
Sundar is a hardcore software geek with business expertise (a Wharton MBA, mind you) and is arguably the Silicon Valley’s most important person after Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page and Apple CEO Tim Cook. And he has been leading Android, which has revolutionised mobile telephony.
Sundar, in the coming days is poised to easily tower over his fellow Chennai-born US CEO Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo or Hyderabad native Satya Nadella of Microsoft. 
And yes, since Pichai is short for his father’s name, for Indians at least, his reference as Sundar makes more sense.

How much black money do Indians have abroadHow much black money do Indians have abroad?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 27, 2014
First Published: 13:11 IST(27/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:54 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
The central government has disclosed to the Supreme Court the names of three business people who have allegedly stashed black money abroad. Former Dabur executive Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhia and Goa miner Radha S Timblo were named by the Centre--a legal development that will turn the national focus on black money and funds allegedly stashed in tax havens aboard. Here's an explanation of the issue.
Photo: Swiss Bank. The government has written to Switzerland seeking details of Indians who have stashed away unaccounted money in the country. (Thinkstock photo)
Size of India's black economy
· There are no official estimates of India's black economy. In 2011 the government had commissioned a joint study by three think-tanks - NIPFP, NIFM and NCAER - to estimate Indian entities' unaccounted wealth both at home and abroad. The final report has not been submitted.
Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
·India ranked fifth largest exporter of illicit money between 2002-2011, with a total of $343.04 billion, and in 2011 it was placed third when $84.93 billion was sent abroad, according to a 2013 report titled 'Illicit Financial Flows from Developing Countries: 2002-2011'.
Read: Over 1 lakh crore undisclosed income, globally 5th in illicit outflows
Other estimates
$462 billion (about Rs28.6 lakh crore): According to Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, Indians salted away $462 billion (about Rs. 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948-2008.
$500 billion (about Rs. 31.4 lakh crore): Money stashed away in tax havens by Indians, according to former CBI director AP Singh
$500 billion ( Rs. 31.4 lakh crore) and $1.4 trillion ( Rs. 86.8 lakh crore): Parked in undisclosed overseas accounts, according to a BJP task force report of 2011
Rs 14,000 crore: Money held by Indians in Swiss banks as of December 2013, a jump of over 42% from 2012
Key dates in black money case
2009: Germany hands over list of Indian account holders in LGT Bank, Liechtenstein, a European principality
· Senior Lawyer Ram Jethmalani files PIL in SC seeking a direction to the government for taking action to bring back money stashed in foreign banks
2011: France hands over list of 782 Indian citizens who allegedly hold HSBC accounts in Geneva
May 27, 2014: New NDA government sets up a high-powered Special Investigative team (SIT) headed by retired Supreme Court (SC) judge MB Shah to look into the issue of black money and slush funds.
October 16, 2014: Government tells SC disclosing the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.

Over 1 lakh crore undisclosed income  globally 5th in illicit outflowsThe Income Tax Department detected undisclosed incomes totalling  Rs. 90,390 crore in IT surveys and Rs. 10,791 crore in search operations across the country in 2013-14, according to a recent report.
Here is a detailed split of  yields from IT searches and surveys over the last three years.
 
 
As can be seen from the graph, there has been a 367% increase in 'detection of undisclosed income' through IT surveys this year, compared to figures last year.
Global ranking
A December 2013 report by the Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a non-profit research and advocacy organization, places India in 5th position on 'illicit financial outflows' category. Apart from tax evasion, 'illicit financial outflows' also includes money from crime, corruption and other illegal activities.
Here is a detailed graph on the top 10 countries
As can be seen from the above graph, India's illicit financial outflows steadily increased over the past decade. Especially it increased by a massive 196% from 2009 to 2011. 
Cracking the whip
The Financial Intelligence Unit-India (FIU - IND) has been regularly responding to requests for information from revenue authorities and anti-money-laundering agencies like the CBDT, ED, and CEIB over the past six years.
Here is a year-wise break-up of requests from agencies seeking information from the FIU-IND.  
As can be seen from the graph there has been a steady increase in the number of requests. Which  means that the government has started taking the issue more seriously over the years.
Cases registered
Using this information , agencies have registered several cases and convicted many persons under two acts - PMLA ( Prevention of Money Laundering act) and FEMA ( Foreign Exchange Management Act)
The Enforcement Directorate has so far registered 1437 cases under the PMLA. 22 persons were arrested and 131 provisional attachment orders issued on properties valued at Rs. 1,214 crore. The PMLA came into force with effect from July 1, 2005.
With the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) which came into effect from June 1, 2000  the government has registered 23,118 cases. This resulted in penalties amounting to Rs. 1,678 crore. 
Story ideation, research and data collection : Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Written and visualized by : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)
Data Sources:
1. White paper on black money by ministry of finance - dept of revenue.
2. Global illicit financial flows report 2013
3. Parliamentary Q and A  
 

Warming up to pawpaw  a native tree with tropical relatives0
But the pawpaw (Asimina triloba) is thoroughly native to the eastern United States and the Midwest, including the Chicago region. Lewis and Clark feasted on pawpaws on their way to explore the Missouri River, and Thomas Jefferson grew them at Monticello. They have given their name to places from Paw Paw Creek in West Virginia to Paw Paw Township in Kansas.
Pawpaws, native to bottomlands, floodplains and the forest understory, grow happily among the native oaks and hickories at the Arboretum. They are small trees that thrive in the shade of larger ones and often spread to form thick stands. Enter, and "it's like a green dome," Adams says. In fall, the big leaves turn golden yellow.
The fruit is not grown commercially because it is hard to store and transport. But in early autumn, when the smooth, irregularly shaped fruits ripen, they can be a treat. "You have to beat the raccoons to them," Adams says.
Each fruit contains several dark seeds the size of lima beans in yellow flesh that tastes like a combination of mango, banana and melon.
A pawpaw can reach 35 feet high but most are in the 15- to 25-foot range. The spring flowers are dark purple or maroon, sometimes with a faintly disagreeable odor, so you might not want to plant one right by the patio. But, Adams says, "It's a nice little ornamental tree."
Beth Botts is a staff writer at The Morton Arboretum in Lisle ( mortonarb.org ). For tree and plant advice, contact the Arboretum's Plant Clinic (630-719-2424 or plantclinic@mortonarb.org ).

Want a successful career Look for this trait in a spouse.By Jena McGregor October 27 Follow @jenamcgregor
BIGSTOCK
A recent study  by the Pew Research Center made waves when it reported that what never-married women want in a spouse, more than anything else, is someone with a  good job . A full 78 percent of women said steady employment was important to them in a partner, more than the 70 percent who wanted someone with similar ideas about raising children or the 38 percent who cared about sharing moral or religious views.
Yet if they're thinking about their own careers, women — and men — might want to focus more on something else. A new paper published recently in the journal Psychological Science found a link between an individual's career improvement and the conscientiousness of his or her spouse.
The research examined the careers and personalities of more than 4,500 married people, using a common personality test known as the Big Five. The test measures people on five different traits: extraversion (how outgoing and sociable a person is), agreeableness (how honest and sympathetic someone is, versus suspicious and unfriendly), conscientiousness (how well someone can plan and be productive, rather than be disorganized and impulsive), neuroticism (how anxiety-prone someone is) and openness (how naturally curious and open to change a person is).
The researchers found that only one of the five traits — conscientiousness — could be linked to a partner's career success, as measured by job satisfaction, income and promotions. "Even though your spouse doesn’t come to work with you day in and day out, their personality contributes to your job success," says Joshua Jackson, an assistant professor at Washington University in St. Louis. 
Jackson and his colleague, Brittany Solomon, used a study of Australian married couples to do their research. It was one of the few that provided a large enough sample to look at the personalities and career success of both partners in a marriage. They first looked at how different personality traits affected an individual's own career, finding that those with higher levels of extraversion, agreeableness and conscientiousness were more likely to have higher levels of future job satisfaction. Meanwhile, higher conscientiousness was also tied to better salaries, and greater extraversion was linked with more promotions on the job.
On the negative side, individuals who were particularly agreeable often had lower income and fewer job promotions. And unsurprisingly, those who scored high on the neuroticism traits were also less satisfied with their jobs.
Yet when it came to the effect of a spouse's personality traits on a person's career, only high scores on conscientiousness had any impact, whether positive or negative. Jackson suggests two main reasons for this: One, he says, is that people often emulate their spouses' behavior, meaning a husband's or wife's industriousness and organizational skills might rub off on the other.
The second reason is that when a person's spouse is organized, efficient and hard working, they're probably tackling the bulk of the household chores, freeing their husband or wife up to focus more on his or her job. "You're not as stressed about certain chores or duties that need to be done while you're at work," Jackson says.
That, after all, is why Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg devoted a whole chapter of her book  Lean In  to the importance of women choosing a spouse who will be a real partner at home, helping with chores around the house and taking on more of the responsibilities of life outside of work. This is particularly important for women, given that gender expectations often continue to leave them with the bigger share of household work and childcare.
An interesting thing about Jackson's finding, however, is that there were no gender differences between the spousal personality traits that helped a woman's career and the ones that helped a man's. In both cases, having a conscientious partner was the only trait that had any measurable correlation. "What allows someone to lean in is a conscientious partner," he says. "It's something both sexes should think about in their careers."
Read also:

Premium gas logic  carbon dioxide fumes and other issues tackled by Motormouth0
Q: My wife puts mid-grade instead of the recommended premium gasoline in our 2011 Subaru Forester 2.5XT. I have tried to tell her that she is not really saving money because the car's engine computer compensates for the lower-octane gas, resulting in less power and decreased fuel economy. However, now I'm not so sure. After a recent 1,200-mile highway trip, and measuring fuel economy with several fills of mid-grade and premium, the difference in mpg at a constant 65 mph was less than 1 percent. So is she right that it doesn't make any sense to buy the more expensive gas?
— B.S., New Lenox, Ill.
A: Yes, it does not make sense to waste 30, 40 or 50 cents a gallon on premium for most driving. You may wish to experiment with regular grade gasoline. If, however, you tow a boat up a mountain, you may need to fill up with a higher-octane fuel.
Q: We have a 2004 Cadillac Escalade ESV with 110,000 miles, A few months ago, we had an intermittent "check engine" light, and the code was for a loose fuel cap. I took it to our mechanic (GM certified), and after three visits, smoking the systems twice, changing the solenoid twice and replacing the fuel cap, the light is still there. I'm not taking it back there as he might want to replace the pipe and tank! With no certainty it will fix it. What else (should) we be looking at? By the way, I am a chemical engineer and I couldn't agree more with you that filling the tires with nitrogen is a waste of money since air is already 78 percent nitrogen; besides, if the oxygen tends to escape the tire rubber more easily, eventually you will end up with a greater concentration than 78 percent.
— A.Q., Wauconda. Ill.
A: First, thanks for backing me up on the nitrogen inflation issue. Second, there may be a filler cap problem that was overlooked. Check the pipe where the cap seats for rust, nicks or scratches that prevent a perfect seal. The repair is cheap, requiring only some crocus cloth and elbow grease. Cover the small holes in the neck to make sure nothing falls into the tank.
Q: I will be leaving a car outside this winter and will be driving it only about once a week. Will it hurt to spray rodent repellent in the engine compartment? I had a rodent issue with another car last winter when it sat for a few weeks.
— K.B., Glenview, Ill.
A: Rodents seem to be attracted to the wire insulation made from soy. No, you will not hurt anything with repellent. Just be sure to treat your car a bit more frequently since the engine compartment may encounter some splash from rain, snow and slush.
 

HUL Q2 net up 8.13% at 988.16 croreFMCG major Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) reported on Monday a 8.13% increase in standalone net profit at Rs. 988.16 crore for quarter ended September 30, 2014-15 as subdued demand continued to impact the sector.
 
The company reported net profit of Rs. 913.8 crore in the corresponding period a year ago, the company said in a BSE filing.
   
HUL's net sales during the quarter stood at Rs. 7,465.54 crore, up 10.64% compared with Rs. 6,747.2 crore during the same period last year.
    
Commenting on the quarterly result, HUL chairman Harish Manwani said: "In a low growth environment, our emphasis on market development and innovations have helped deliver another quarter of double digit growth and a healthy improvement in operating margins."
 
Meanwhile, HUL CFO PB Balaji told reporters that the demand for FMCG products continues to remain soft and despite headwinds, the company has delivered competitive growth.
 
"There is a lag of 2-3 quarters between economic indicators such as GDP and inflation numbers improving and sale of FMCG products. We remain positive about our medium to long-term growth outlook."  Balaji added while the company continues to invest in its core categories, it is developing emerging categories such as hand wash, face wash, fabric conditioner and green tea for future.
 
Overall expenses in Q2 stood at Rs. 6,473.68 crore, as against Rs. 5,871.25 crore in the year-ago period. HUL's tax expense went up sharply by 46.16% to Rs. 417.64 crore compared to Rs. 285.73 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
 
During the quarter, revenue from soap and detergents increased by 9.86% to Rs. 2142.74 crore and personal products by 7.62% to Rs. 899.13 crore.
 
Revenue from beverages grew by 7.62% to Rs. 899.13 crore and packaged food increased by 13.40% to Rs. 451.31 crore.
 
Quarterly revenue from others, which includes exports, water and infant care, grew by 18.68% to 361.8 crore.
 
The HUL scrip was trading at Rs. apiece in the afternoon trade, down per cent on the BSE.

What your smartphone addiction actually looks likeBy Caitlin Dewey October 27 Follow @caitlindewey
(Babycakes Romero)
If you are one of the thousands of Washington Post readers accessing this page on your smartphone, please chill for a minute. Look around. Observe the commuters or bored line-waiters or distracted dining companions around you.
Chances are, says Babycakes Romero , a London-based photographer, you’ll notice plenty of other people who are suctioned to their screens. Because for better or worse, the cellphone has become modern society’s security blanket: a way to protect ourselves from the inherent loneliness or awkwardness of the human condition … but also an unlikely source of both.
“I have nothing against technology at all,” Romero said, “but I feel like it’s starting to affect social cohesion and we need to know when to switch it off — or else we will become permanently switched off from each other.”
Romero knows better than most. For the past year, he’s been documenting the world’s phone addiction in a series he calls “The Death of Conversation”: striking street photos that nail down, in stark black-and-white contrast, exactly what we lose when we’re staring at screens. Romero and I chatted by e-mail about his philosophy on photography, phones and the overlap in his series. This conversation has been lightly edited for style and space.
(Babycakes Romero)
First things first: What inspired the series?
It was something I kept seeing over and over again as well as experiencing firsthand. I saw that smartphones were becoming a barrier to communication in person. I saw how people used it as a social prop, to hide their awkwardness, to fill the silence, but as I continued to observe and document this modern phenomena, I felt that the devices were actually causing the awkwardness and the silence. They basically allow people to withdraw rather than engage.
All social etiquette regarding the use of phones in company seems to have disappeared. The device takes precedence over the person that is present, and that felt wrong. It is a form of rejection and lowers the self-worth of the person superseded for a device. I feel it also highlights a growing sense of self-absorption in people as they would rather focus on their world in their phone, rather than speak to the person they are with.
(Bakycakes Romero)
Why do you think people rely so much on their phones?
I think people’s entire lives are now on these portable devices, so there is always something for them to look at that they feel is more worthy of attention than the people or the world around them.
This would be reason enough, but they are actually starting to rely on them as a way out from the company they are in. It allows them to opt out from conversations they don’t like or can’t contribute to. It has become the ultimate social prop. Previously the only available social props were cigarettes and alcohol, but they helped social cohesion, not hindered it. (I’m not saying they are better but it’s interesting to see what technology has created and how it is affecting human interaction.)
I think the visible rise of narcissism might be a contributing factor, too: People know that every single thing that arrives on their device is somehow connected to them, whereas in conversation, you’re not always the focus. It’s almost as if we’re starting to become incapable of processing someone else’s life because we’ve become so preoccupied with our own.
(Babycakes Romero)
Why do you think online or phone communication is different than in-person contact? Like, what’s lost between the two? (Isn’t there some good – some connection, or some emotional value – to be had in the “virtual world”?)
I personally find virtual interaction very sterile and unrewarding. Skype can make a conversation even with your nearest and dearest seem awkward. It’s like an MP3 compared to vinyl. At the end of the day it is a digital facsimile — a poor substitute.
I accept that compared to nothing at all it is better, but you experience so much more in person: the energy, the connectivity, being able to stare into someone’s eyes and see exactly what they are thinking. When you have the protection of a screen and a keyboard and you can think about your response, you become much more contrived and guarded. You choose how to present yourself rather than being exposed for what you are. It’s for this reason that people are resorting more and more to computer communication — it allows them to be the best version of themselves, and that is very appealing.
(Babycakes Romero)
Some of the photos seem to be taken in places where people wouldn’t necessarily have conversed with the people in their immediate vicinity, even if they didn’t have phones – like the subway, or while they’re waiting in line. What’s your argument against phones there?
I only ever took shots that included two people that were together, regardless of the scenario. They were simply situations that if smartphones didn’t exist they would most likely be talking. People hate silence when they are in company. It makes us all feel awkward. This is why people are turning to their devices in those moments. However, if they didn’t have them to fall back on, they would be working double time to make conversation simply because the silent pause is something that most seek to avoid.
For the record, I don’t have a problem with people using their phones per se — just when they prioritize them over the company they are in. There has been an incredible global response to these pictures, and people have left hundreds of comments. But the most poignant remarks are about how miserable and rejected it makes people feel. I hope now at least that those that are suffering at the hands of their partners, families and friends can maybe confront the problematic phone use and set up some basic boundaries. The rise of the smartphone has been so rapid that we haven’t had time to work out the social etiquette.
(Babycakes Romero)
It seems like you spend an extraordinary amount of time observing ordinary people. And I noticed that a lot of your series are about the “death” of things – conversation, TV, etc. Are there any things you seeing being born? Do you notice more good or bad patterns in peoples’ behavior, on balance?
I read a book called “The World Without Us,” by Len Wiseman, which detailed what would happen to the Earth if man just disappeared tomorrow — how long it would take for the Earth to “grow back” to its pre-human self. It essentially highlighted to me that nothing survives. Everything dies and disappears eventually. This is the natural order of things.
However, rather than it being a depressing conclusion, I found it quite liberating. If you accept the transience of the universe, it frees you up. You stop thinking about the future, your legacy … you start to live in the moment and focus on what’s in front of you rather than where you think you should be heading.
I started to take photographs of abandoned objects as I was fascinated by these things that had once been in a place of pride in people’s homes, and were now cast out onto the street without a thought. They seemed to speak to me when I looked at them. I could feel their pain. I also loved that by taking a photograph of them, I was preserving their final moment before they got taken away by the rubbish men.
You can’t really decide what your own focus is. I just find you naturally gravitate towards things. and for me to confront mortality and to acknowledge it, rather than pretend it isn’t going to happen, is for me a much healthier way to live.
(Babycakes Romero)
Finally, a necessary question: How much do you use your phone personally?
I actually don’t have a smartphone, for those very reasons. I can see how consuming they are and I know if I had one I would be no better about it than anyone else. I am also completely addicted to observing and feel that, as a documentary photographer, I would be missing too much if I was staring into the palm of my hand the whole time. For me, no matter what is on a smartphone, it can never be more interesting than real life.
You can follow Romero’s work on Twitter and his blog .
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Rite Aid  CVS say no to Apple PayRite Aid, CVS say no to Apple Pay
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- Retailers that comprise the Merchant Customer Exchange will not accept Apple Pay as they ramp up to roll out their own mobile payment system, CurrentC, in 2015. ()
RELATED LINKS
- Retailers that comprise the Merchant Customer Exchange will not accept Apple Pay as they ramp up to roll out their own mobile payment system, CurrentC, in 2015. ()
Rite Aid, CVS say no to Apple Pay (2:04)
Playlist Top News

The Switch: Testing out Apple PayBy Hayley Tsukayama October 22 Follow @htsuka
Apple is making a strategic bet with the launch of Apple Pay, the mobile pay service aimed at turning your iPhone into your wallet. (AP)
Cash, credit or smartphone? Apple has promised that its Apple Pay service can revolutionize the way we shop, replacing the normal credit card swipe with a tap of the phone and a fingerprint scan. But we wanted to see if Apple Pay would work as promised by using it in a tough real-life situation: McDonald's during the lunch rush.
The fast food joint in question was in the food court at Arlington, Va.'s Pentagon Fashion Centre. With a tour group of middle schoolers in front of me and retail workers on half-hour lunch breaks in back, it was the ultimate test for a payment method that's supposed to cut down on time spent at the register.
It worked like a charm. I ordered two things off the dollar menu and was done paying by the time the cashier had repeated my order back to me. And with nothing to slide back into my wallet, I was able to move to the pickup counter so fast that the impatient man behind me hadn't yet figured out his order.
In the interest of being thorough, we also ran tests at a few other places. Participating stores list Apple Pay, which launched this week, as an option alongside accepted credit cards. Apple has said the process is simple: Consumers only need to load a credit or debit card into the Apple's wallet app called "Passbook" by entering the numbers or taking a picture of the card.  In general, we found the experience was indeed pretty easy, though it had some key limitations, particularly which cards you could choose (sorry, no Amazon card yet). And, ironically, Apple Pay wasn't great when it came to buying stuff through apps on your smartphone.
Apple Pay worked at the Apple Store, because, well, duh. Things also went smoothly at the Whole Foods in downtown D.C., apart from the fact that the cashier laughed when I plunked my enormous iPhone 6 Plus, a review unit on loan from AT&T, onto the card reader. Mild ridicule aside, it was just like using a credit card -- but, yes, slightly quicker.
Sometimes, it depends on who's behind the cash register. At Macy's, the cashier had never completed an Apple Pay transaction and asked sheepishly if she could pull out her training sheet. Once the transaction got going, however, the sale went without a hiccup. The cashier even commented on how quickly it went, saying it would likely save her time in the coming holiday season.
Returning items was also very easy. I didn't need to pull out my phone or my credit card. Armed with just the receipt and the scarf I'd just bought on a lower floor, the Macy's customer service counter was able to process my return and give me my money back without a hitch.
Apple Pay is not going to work in every case. CVS, which was not an Apple Pay launch partner, has card readers equipped with near-field communication chips -- the technology behind Apple Pay and other similar services. But Apple Pay didn't work at the self-serve register. The phone beeped to let me know the chip had been read correctly, but it didn't actually trigger anything on the screen or charge on my card; I still had to swipe to pay.
Also, it won't  work with every card. Of the plastic I carry in my wallet, only the Visa debit card from my bank worked with Apple Pay. Some branded cards -- department store cards, airline cards, etc. -- aren't yet supported. The same was true of my corporate American Express card. Amazon said its branded Chase Visa credit card will eventually support Apple Pay, but hasn't yet set a timeline.
But the real hole in the service comes when you try to buy things through apps on a smartphone (Apple Pay doesn't work on Web browsers since it requires a fingerprint scan). It's all well and good to pay for Apple Store and iTunes items via Apple Pay, but the company still has a fairly limited range of apps that accept the service. And the implementation isn't always quite right. At Target, for example, you can only buy items one at a time using Apple Pay. But if you put multiple things in your cart, Apple Pay isn't an option. Choosing Apple Pay for Uber, meanwhile, actually adds a step because, rather than hitting a single button, you have to verify your fingerprint when you pay.
The experience itself is similar to other phones that have enabled users to pay by tapping, though the addition of the fingerprint scan does lend a certain air of security without adding too much time. Like its predecessors, it needs wider support to graduate from novelty to necessity -- or at the very least, more consistent support before we can say the wallet of the future has arrived.
Still, Apple Pay's convenience may still surprise you. Walking by a vending machine at the mall, I noticed the card reader had the symbol that indicated it worked with NFC-enabled devices. On a whim, I tapped the phone against the machine and my thumb against the fingerprint reader. Three seconds later, I walked away with a cold Coke and a certain feeling of giddy satisfaction.
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

BSE to Foray into Commodities Trading With New PlatformYou are here: Home Corporates
BSE to Foray into Commodities Trading With New Platform
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 16:52 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi:
Leading bourse BSE is planning to launch a separate platform for trading of various commodities to foray into commodity exchange business --currently dominated by two major players, MCX and NCDEX.
A proposal in this regard has been approved by the board of BSE, which is the world's largest stock exchange in terms of number of listed companies and holds top positions on various other counts.
Sources said the BSE board has cleared the proposal and further modalities would be put in place soon. Incidentally, BSE had also put in an initial bid, estimated at about Rs 500 crore, recently for purchase of 15 per cent stake in the country's largest commodity exchange Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX).
Kotak Group finally acquired the MCX stake for Rs 459 crore, while BSE and another bidder Reliance Capital did not participate in final bidding due to adverse comments made by the exchange's auditors in the wake of NSEL scam.
The commodity trading business in India records total turnover of over Rs 100 lakh crore annually, although only two players dominate the market.
There used to over 20 commodity exchanges in India, including six of national-level, but the total number has now come down to ten. This includes four national-level bourses. Volumes have also come down in recent quarters, due to imposition of commodities transaction tax, among others.
BSE, which was set up in 1875 and is the oldest exchange in Asia, is currently one of the two major bourses in India.
There are more than 5,500 companies listed on BSE, which is highest for any exchange in the world, with a total market capitalisation of over Rs 93 lakh crore.
After beginning with a humble background of functioning under banyan trees over 125 years ago, BSE has now emerged as one of the world's most technologically advanced exchanges and is targeting ten-times faster trades on its platform within three years.
Already, the exchange has made significant changes in its technology and has attained a response time of 200 micro-seconds for trades executed on its platform, BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan recently told PTI in an interview.
The aim is to bring the response time further down to 20 micro-seconds within the next three years, he had said.
Presently, BSE handles 500,000 orders in a second at the response time of 200 micro seconds. There are more than 2.6 crore investors registered on BSE.
BSE's 30-share index Sensex is known as the benchmark index of the Indian stock market.
During the financial year 2013-14, the exchange recorded a total income of Rs 529.71 crore, while profits rose by 25 per cent to Rs 135.19 crore.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 16:48 (IST)

BJP running away from fresh polls in Delhi: AAP  Congressstate politics
After the apex court on Tuesday rapped the Centre and the Lt. Governor over the delay in government formation in Delhi, AAP and Congress have charged that the BJP is “running away” from fresh polls in the national capital, claims which were promptly countered by the party.
“BJP is not confident of winning Assembly elections, that is why they are delaying it. It is playing dirty politics over the issue. If BJP had the magic numbers, it would have formed the government in the national capital,” AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal told reporters in New Delhi.
“BJP knows it doesn’t have the numbers... which is why it running away from fresh elections,” he said.
Mr. Kejriwal also accused Delhi LG Najeeb Jung of favouring one particular party instead of protecting the Constitution. “It is very sad that instead of protecting constitution, the Lt Governor is working on the direction of one political party,” he said.
The Congress, too, hit out at BJP in the wake of the Supreme Court reprimand earlier on Tuesday and said that it was adopting different “tactics” to delay Assembly elections in Delhi. “From day one we are saying that BJP is running away from fresh elections. They are just finding excuses one after another. Congress will oppose BJP and can never think of an AAP-BJP government in Delhi... we will fully oppose it,” said DPCC chief Arvinder Singh.
“If BJP had the numbers, they would have formed the government. It is clear that they don’t have the numbers, inviting BJP to form the government is not reasonable,” he averred. Reacting sharply to the allegations, BJP charged that former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal had left the people of the city in a limbo after he quit office here to pursue his prime ministerial ambitions.
“People of Delhi had given Mr. Kejriwal the kind of mandate where his AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress. Ironically, in a hurry to become the Prime Minister of the country, Mr. Kejriwal left the people of Delhi in a limbo and rushed to Varanasi. But after he was taught a lesson throughout the country, today he has come back to Delhi and is expecting that the people of Delhi would support him,” said BJP national spokesperson Sambit Patra.
In the Lok Sabha polls earlier this year, Mr. Kejriwal had unsuccessfully contested against Narendra Modi in Varanasi while his party managed to win only four seats overall.

Meet Fadnavis  the man who set up a betel shop to spread BJP ideologyDevendra Fadnavis Maharashtra's new CM
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:06 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:42 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
When Gangadharrao Fadnavis felt the need for expanding the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP’s) presence in Jhingabai Takli, a village near Nagpur, he came up with a unique idea. He set up a paan (betel) shop, and as customers started to trickle in, he explained to them the party’s ideology.
Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis during an election campaign. (HT photo)
The village has had a BJP sarpanch for several years now.
The legacy of Gangadharrao, who passed away in 1987, is now being carried forward by his younger son, Devendra Fadnavis, who is the BJP’s top pick for the post of Maharashtra chief minister.
After his the death of his father, who was the MLC of Graduates Constituency, Fadnavis, 18 at the time, told his mother Sarita he would make politics his career.
He completed law studies from Nagpur University and was an active member of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (BJP’s student wing, which he led at the state-level).
He won his first election as a civic corporator at the age of 22.
Politics, however, did not stop him from further studies. He did his Masters in project management from a German institute.
Read: Fadnavis selected Maharashtra CM, says will lead people's govt
“My son contested the municipal elections when he was writing his law exam. He won a gold medal in his Hindu law paper, and also got elected from our civic ward,” Sarita had told HT during an interview a few years ago.
Fadnavis went on to became Nagpur’s mayor (second youngest in the country then), and in 1997, he headed the state’s first mayor-in-council, similar to the state’s council of ministers, to run the local government.
The 44-year-old baby-faced leader managed to stay out of controversies even as his following as a mass leader grew.
His remarkable performance in opposition benches of the assembly in the past 15 years won him national and international accolades. He won the best parliamentarian award from the Commonwealth Parliamentarian Association. His experience as a college-level debater came handy in cornering several ministers.
He was a thorn in the ruling camp’s side, especially in his last two terms, when he accused Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress leaders of corruption and irregularities.
“I always had a goal in my mind: remove the Congress and NCP from the state. And with Narendrabhai Modi’s firepower and strong leadership we could do it very successfully,” Fadnavis told HT after the assembly election results were announced.
“My party wants to take up the challenge of taking Maharashtra ahead in all sectors, because the Congress and NCP reduced this prime state to a non-entity.”
A separate Vidarbha proponent
Fadnavis, the state BJP president, notched up a landslide win in Nagpur (south-west) constituency. His victory coupled with major gains in Vidarbha pressed home his credentials for the CM post.
His leadership of the party in this crucial election got a pat from none other than Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Modi had described him as a “national asset” at a public meeting in Nagpur in the run-up to the elections. “I am obliged to the people of Nagpur for giving Maharashtra and the nation a brilliant and committed leader like Devendra Fadnavis,” Modi had said.
Not surprisingly, all campaign vehicles of the party in the state had the images of Modi and Fadnavis.
A protagonist of separate Vidarbha, Fadnavis had an edge in the constituency from beginning for his pro-statehood stand and functioning as an alert peoples’ representative.
When Modi assured the public in a meeting that no one could divide Maharashtra, Fadnavis took an opposite stand on the same issue, saying that the BJP was firm on its stand of a separate Vidarbha state. This worked like magic for the party in the region.
This is the fourth time Fadnavis has been elected to the state assembly.
Watch: Who is Devendra Fadnavis

India s Plan to Grant New Bank Licences to Firms Poses Risks: S&PIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Mumbai: India's plan to grant new banking licences to companies could increase risks in the banking sector given the chance that new entrants could be lax about loan standards, Standard & Poor's said in a report on Tuesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is cautiously opening up the country's banking sector to companies. It awarded two new licences in April after a gap of 10 years in a country where only one household in two has access to formal banking services.
The RBI will come out with a fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences, or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
"The sector's stability or risk appetite could be hit if any of the new players relax their underwriting standards or undercut prices to gain market share," the rating agency said.
S&P also highlighted the risks from a prolonged weakness in Indian banks' asset quality, which could hurt economic recovery. It said it expects gross non-performing loans to rise to 4.5 per cent by the end of March 2015 from 4 per cent in the previous year.
However, Indian banks fare better on potential economic risks compared with Brazil and China due to a conservative apex bank, stringent capital regulations under Basel III, and moderate inflation-adjusted real estate prices, S&P said.
The rating agency recently upgraded the outlook for India's 'BBB-minus' rating to 'stable' from 'negative', citing the prospect of government reforms. ( Read full story )
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

For SoftBank  Snapdeal is  India s AlibabaAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Indian retail player Snapdeal, which has coughed up $627 million (Rs 3,824 crore) from Japan's SoftBank in the largest single tranche investment in Indian e-commerce, says it will use the money to invest in its technology infrastructure.
"It's not about the amount of money we have in the bank or the valuation, it's about how we spend it. We're a technology firm, we want to create a life changing experience for 1 million small businesses in India giving them a market-place to sell within a matter of an hour," Kunal Bahl, co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, told NDTV in an exclusive interview. ( Watch )
Snapdeal already claims to have 25 million users and 50,000 merchants selling on its online platform.
Japan's SoftBank is the single largest shareholder in Alibaba.com, the world's biggest e-commerce firm. After this deal, SoftBank will now be the largest shareholder in Snapdeal too. "Masayoshi Son at Softbank must have seen in Snapdeal what he saw in Alibaba 15 years ago. Our philosophy of enabling small businesses to sell on our platform resonated with SoftBank," Mr Bahl told NDTV.
The investment values Snapdeal at over $2 billion (Rs 12,200 crore), coming just four months after its rival Flipkart raised over $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) from a clutch of investors valuing it at over $7 billion.
Talking about the exponential valuation that Indian online firms are getting, Mr Bahl said, "Valuation is just a number. It is not a chase for more money, more valuation or more profits, the chase should always be how can we move the needle for the country."
Indian e-commerce will grow from $5-6 billion (Rs 30,500-36600 crore) to over $100 billion (Rs 6.1 lakh crore) in the next 7-8 years, Mr Bahl added.
"Our business model is very similar to Alibaba's...where Alibaba generated 5 billion dollars of EBITA last year. The notion that e-commerce companies don't make money is absolutely not true... Globally, the largest and most profitable businesses are pure marketplaces like ours," Mr Bahl said.
Online players like Snapdeal, Flipkart and Amazon have been engaging in marketing and price wars. Snapdeal ran a print media campaign offering promotional discounts to counter the much-hyped Big Billion Day sale by its rival Flipkart earlier this month. Flipkart was later forced to issue an apology to its customers for the glitches, which include prices being pushed up, cancellation of orders and inadequate product stocks.
Talking about the inability of online players to keep pace with rising demand, Mr Bahl said, "This year the growth in e-commerce was not foreseen by anyone including us. The growth has been nothing short of exponential. The infrastructure is lagging a bit vis-a-vis the growth in actual orders getting placed on e-commerce sites. It is a temporary phase... Give it a few months or a year. I am pretty sure all our third-party logistics partners will build up necessary capacities."
Mr Bahl featured in the Fortune list of '40 under 40' most powerful people in business, making him one of the most successful young entrepreneurs in the world. But, he says, he hasn't forgotten his roots. "I feel as paranoid about our business as I did when Rohit (Rohit Bansal, co-founder and COO, Snapdeal)  and I first started from the basement of the furniture market in Delhi. We haven't forgotten where we came from. I tell my team it's important to be aggressive, thoughtful, purposeful but also very humble."
(1 dollar = 61 rupees)

Good Marriage  Apple and Alibaba Hint at Partnership
Jaguar s good boy gone badThomas Keller, fast-food chef
Hoult has indulged his mania through a trio of recent projects: the chase movie Autobahn with Anthony Hopkins and Ben Kingsley; the reboot of the Mad Max franchise, Fury Road, with Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron; and a new role as a Q-like evil gadget genius in the ongoing Jaguar Villain Academy campaign.
Hoult took time from his busy shooting schedule to talk about crashing F-types, reversing away from rhinos and his dream of becoming a Formula 1 driver.
Brett Berk: Given you’ve spent much of your life on set, were there rites of passage you encountered as a young driver that most teenagers might have missed?
Nicholas Hoult: I was shooting a picture down in Africa when I was 14, and I learned to drive there. I would drive around the safari parks. And I remember once going off the park a bit and coming face to face with, like, three rhinos. So one of the first times I had to reverse a car was with some rhinos in front of me. Trying to do a three-point turn in the African bush.
Did those skills translate during your driving test? The rhino avoidance portion was passed with flying colours?
[Laughs] No. But I still managed to pass the first time. Driving was a big thing to me growing up. I’ve always loved cars, and wanted to drive. I’m still a bit of a petrol head.
Do you have a bunch of cars then?
Actually, I don’t have a car at the moment! Living in London, there’s not a lot of time or reason to drive. I have a motorbike that I ride around, and that’s usually quite quick.
(Jaguar Land Rover)
You’re working in some big-budget films these days. Are you plotting any major splurge purchases?
You know what I would get if I ever got ridiculously rich? I’d take up go-karting. It makes me feel like I’m an F1 driver. You’re on the track, and you really get to feeling like you’re in the zone. That’s what I’d do. Build a track. Get a few karts, get the mates around and then eventually become a brilliant racecar driver, and do that on the side.
A lot of those guys actually started off in karting. Of course, they started when they were, like, three, so I’m not sure what the trajectory would be like for you now.
[Laughs] Yeah, I’m not going to give up the day job just yet.
You’re currently playing a mad scientist/evil genius in Jaguar’s Villain Academy commercial series. This is playing against type, isn’t it?
It’s always the quiet ones! I do like playing slightly more devious characters. And it was a good shoot. I even had a go at doing the stunts. I turned up on set, and they were like, ‘You’re going to drive through here, weave in this direction, do a little bit of a jump, go left.’ And I was like, ‘OK’.
How did that go?
On the first take, Tom Hooper [director of the Jaguar campaign’s TV spots] was sitting next to me, and I had to floor it up this ramp in the F-type. But the exit had been blocked a bit. And so, I’m delivering a line, looking towards the camera, and all the sudden I look up and see that the camera vehicle in front of me is completely stopped. It’s literally that moment when you think, ‘I’m going to crash this car, first take, with an Oscar-winning director sitting next to me, and everyone will think that I’m an idiot.’ Luckily, I can report that the brakes are pretty good on the F-type. I shut my eyes and slammed my foot to the floor, and they saved us.
Do you commonly do the driving when you’re filming?
Yeah, I always try to do that. I did an action-based car film earlier this year and actually got to do a fair bit of the driving in that as well. That one is called Autobahn, and it’s about this young guy who does something ridiculously stupid, and then has to go on the run and gets chased.
There must be quite a bit of automotive action in the Mad Max re-boot, too?
Oh yeah. The vehicles they built for that were phenomenal. I had this great hot rod that I just adored. It was very loud. You could never hear anything when we were shooting. But the vehicles and the stunts and action and the whole look of the film is just incredible. I didn’t do quite as much driving on that because there were big set pieces on that, so they didn’t trust actors to do the driving.
They were afraid you might careen into a rhino or something.
Yeah, exactly.
Do you have a dream car—a vehicle you’d love to own one day, outside of your go-kart track?
I’d love a Jag E-type. Maybe an old Porsche 911 , or an Aston Martin . Those are beautiful. A Mercedes gullwing . I’d go for a classic car. I’m going to have to get my head down and work to afford any of those cars.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

The Federal Reserves experiment in quantitative easing is coming to an endBy Ylan Q. Mui October 28 Follow @ylanmui
United States Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Economic Conference on Inequality of Economic Opportunity in Boston. (REUTERS/Brian Snyder)
The Federal Reserve’s $3 trillion experiment in stimulating the nation’s economy is slated to come to an end this week -- a sign of the central bank’s growing confidence in the recovery as well as a tacit acknowledgement of the limits of its powers to boost growth.
The decision to stop pumping money into the economy is expected to come when Fed officials wrap up their two-day meeting in Washington on Wednesday. The program, known as quantitative easing, was originally intended to be a one-time injection of money into a financial system in shock during the darkest days of the crisis in 2008. But over the past six years, the central bank has turned to the program to try to remedy everything from lackluster hiring to a moribund housing market.
The Fed’s continued reliance on the program highlights not only its commitment to lifting the economy, but also its misjudgments earlier on. The central bank was too optimistic about the recovery, and paused quantitative easing twice only to decide later that its earlier efforts had been too modest.
“In 2008, 2009, I did not expect this,” said Don Kohn, who was then vice chairman at the Fed and now is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. “I didn’t really anticipate the need to continue doing more.”
Still, Fed observers credit the central bank, first under Chairman Ben Bernanke and now led by Chair Janet Yellen, with ultimately sticking with its efforts to lift economic growth. Critics said the measures would undermine the dollar in global currency markets and unleash a wave of inflation, but neither has happened. Indeed, inflation has run below the Fed’s 2 percent target.
“It’s not been distracted by the criticism,” said Paul Sheard, chief global economist at ratings company Standard & Poor’s. “You sometimes may lose a little bit of nerve. They stuck to it.”
Today, the economy is enjoying roughly 3 percent annual growth and the unemployment rate has fallen below 6 percent. Yet millions of Americans still have been jobless for more than six months, and millions more hold part-time jobs when they want full-time work. Wages have barely budged.
Studies have shown that quantitative easing has reduced unemployment and pushed down mortgage rates. But Fed officials have had to temper any enthusiasm over those improvements with the recognition that the economy is far from healed.
“These developments are encouraging,” Yellen said of the gains in the job market in a speech this summer. “But it speaks to the depth of the damage that, five years after the end of the recession, the labor market has yet to fully recover.”
The Fed is not alone in charting the course for the nation’s economy. Though independent, it shares that task with the White House and Congress. But those arms of government essentially withdrew from the world of economic policymaking by the beginning of 2013, leaving the Fed alone to try to resuscitate an economy that some warned could be due for a decade or more of pain.
The Fed normally operates by changing its target for short-term interest rates. A higher rate puts a lid on the economy by encouraging saving and making it more expensive for businesses and households to borrow money. A lower rate helps boost growth as cheap money spurs demand.
In the 2008 crisis, the Fed first lowered its key interest rate to zero. It was the economic equivalent of flooring the gas -- but it still wasn’t enough to launch the recovery out of the worst downturn since the Great Depression.
So in the fall of that year, the Fed launched round one of quantitative easing. The Fed was seeking to prevent the market for mortgage-backed securities from crumbling amid a massive selloff by investors as homeowners fell behind on their loans. The Fed stepped in to buy $500 billion worth of securities, essentially propping up the market by pumping it full of money. The central bank didn’t actually print money -- as some critics have accused it of doing --- but instead added to the reserves that banks hold at the Fed.
Even so, it was an aggressive move with what, at the time, seemed like a hefty price tag. And at first, policymakers sought credit. Then-Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke declared the economy was sprouting “green shoots” thanks to new stability in money market mutual funds and the nascent refinancing boom spurred by lower mortgage rates.
But while economists generally agreed that effort helped the country avert another depression, the swift recovery that has historically accompanied downturns remained elusive.
The Fed kept lowering its expectations for economic growth. And so officials found themselves returning to the pump time and again.
The Fed believed the type of massive bond purchases it deployed to salvage the mortgage market had the potential to support a broader swath of the economy. They could help reduce long-term interest rates, encouraging businesses and consumers to borrow and spend money. Lower rates could also force skittish investors to take new risks. And, most importantly, the boost to the recovery would hopefully translate into new jobs for millions of Americans.
What the central bank didn’t realize was how much stimulus it would actually take to make a dent.
The Fed eventually learned that “this is a low potency monetary policy instrument,” Sheard said. “You need to double-down or triple-down.”
The double-down clocked in at $600 billion and came in 2010. The buds Bernanke had predicted failed to bloom. By the time of the Fed’s annual summit in the Grand Tetons in summer 2010, the unemployment rate was still above 9 percent, a surge in hiring had evaporated and inflation was dropping.
“The incoming data suggest that the recovery of output and employment in the United States has slowed in recent months, to a pace somewhat weaker than most [Fed officials] projected,” Bernanke said in a speech at the conference. “I believe that additional purchases of longer-term securities … would be effective in further easing financial conditions.”
A few months later, the Fed announced it would pump another $600 billion into the economy by purchasing long-term Treasury bonds. The move was a hit on Wall Street, as stock markets cemented their steady climb out of the trough of the recession.
But the stimulus was starting to attract criticism both from inside and outside the central bank. Some were concerned that the run up in the size of the Fed’s balance sheet could eventually result in an outbreak of inflation. There were also fears that the central bank was distorting the financial marketplace and creating incentives for investors to take dangerous risks.
“Monetary policy is not Thor’s hammer. It is an awesome weapon. But it has limitations,” Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher said in a speech in late 2011. “If we deploy it incorrectly, we might level more than interest rates and destroy that which we seek to create. And if we let it fly too far from our grasp, we may never get it back.”
Dissent within the ranks of the central bank grew more frequent after decades of relative consensus. The critiques came not just from those who opposed the stimulus, but also from some of its most ardent supporters. They worried that the Fed hadn’t gone far enough. The $600 billion stimulus ended in the middle of 2011, just as improvement in the unemployment rate seemed to stall. Meanwhile, inflation was still subdued and hiring was stuttering.
“When the [short-term interest] rate is at zero, we’re faced with a set of bad options,” St. Louis President James Bullard said in an interview. “I did not think we would have to return to QE3.”
Bullard was using the nickname for the Fed’s third round of so-called quantitative easing -- the triple-down. This time, the central bank was determined not to let the recovery slip again. There were no limits to the program when it was launched in fall 2012. The Fed promised to keep pumping money into the economy until it was convinced that the job market was healthy.
Once again, the announcement fueled a rally on Wall Street. The refinancing boom kicked into overdrive as mortgage rates hit historic lows. The country has added over 200,000 jobs a month this year, and the unemployment rate is closing in on what is considered a normal level.
But two years and more than a trillion dollars of stimulus later, there remain pockets of weakness that the Fed cannot seem to touch.
Central bank officials have repeatedly pointed to government spending cuts as counteracting their efforts to jumpstart the recovery. Wages have stagnated since the recession despite the bull market on Wall Street, prompting criticism that the central bank’s policies have primarily benefited wealthy households -- a charge that causes some officials to bristle. And early this year, the economy unexpectedly shrank – an anomaly that forced the Fed to push back its forecast for a full recovery once again.
Officials struggled to decide when to call it quits. The first hints in spring 2013 that the Fed was considering scaling back its bond purchases sent markets into freefall. Long-term interest rates shot up, causing mortgage rates to jump a percentage point over a few months. The spike contributed to a slowdown in the housing market, undermining the Fed’s ability to a move lest it endanger the recovery. Officials finally announced in December that it would begin wrapping up the program.
"Whenever you get into something new, it really helps to have a clear plan for how to get back out again later," said Andrew Levin, a research fellow at the International Monetary Fund who worked at the Fed for more than two decades.
Though the bond purchases are ending, the Fed is still maintaining its easy-money stance by keeping its target for short-term interest rates at zero. Still, the debate inside the central bank has shifted from boosting the economy to letting the recovery stand on its own. Whether it falters will be the ultimate test of the success of the central bank’s grand experiment.
“It’s not just measuring the benefits. It’s still important to see what the ultimate costs are going to be,” said Elizabeth Duke, a former member of the Fed’s board of governors. “You can’t really judge those until it’s completely unwound.”
Ylan Q. Mui is a financial reporter at The Washington Post covering the Federal Reserve and the economy.

Researchers find mobile ISP thwarting customers attempts to send encrypted emailsBy Nancy Scola and Ashkan Soltani October 28 Follow @nancyscola
(Courtesy Cricket Wireless)
Some customers of popular prepaid-mobile company Cricket were unable to send or receive encrypted e-mails for many months, according to security researchers, raising concerns that consumers may find that protecting their privacy is not always in their hands.
The inability to send some encrypted messages on Cricket's network was discovered by software engineers from the digital security and privacy firm Golden Frog. The company mentioned the issue in a July filing to the Federal Communications Commission , and the tech publication Techdirt published an article  on it earlier this month. But neither Golden Frog's filing nor Techdirt named the mobile Internet service provider.
Golden Frog told The Washington Post that Cricket customers were unable to send encrypted messages and said its testing found that the problem ended shortly after the TechDirt article was published. It is unclear how long or how many customers were affected.
Cricket did not address repeated questions about the issue and did not alert customers, many of whom rely on Cricket as their sole Internet service, that they would not be able to protect their e-mails from prying eyes. AT&T, which absorbed Cricket when it acquired Leap Wireless last spring, did not respond to a request for comment.
Cricket said in a statement to The Post that it "is continuing to investigate the issue but does not intentionally prevent customers from sending encrypted emails."
Digital encryption allows computers — in this case, the mail servers that send and receive e-mails — to speak to each other in code. The service has been under a spotlight lately as consumers have become concerned about protecting the tremendous amount of information they send across digital networks. Encrypted e-mails were, for example, how NSA contractor Edward Snowden first communicated with journalists about the intelligence community's bulk data collection.
In simple terms, encrypting an e-mail typically works like this: User X's mail server asks User Y's mail server if it is willing to receive an encrypted, or coded, e-mail. If the server says, "yes," the encrypted version of the e-mail is sent. If the server says, "no," an unencrypted version is sent instead.
But Golden Frog says that in Cricket's case, when the sending e-mail server asked if it might transmit an encrypted e-mail, the network simply scrubbed the request before the receiving mail server had a chance to hear it.
"The server on the other end doesn't realize that it was asked to speak privately. So it doesn't speak privately," said Andrew Appel, chair of the computer science department at Princeton University.
Golden Frog, which sells privacy-focused software that includes an encrypted messaging service, said it discovered the problem because one of its software engineers living in rural Texas relied on Cricket's mobile Internet service. The engineer had configured his e-mail program to allow his e-mails to be sent only if encrypted.
When the company noticed that it was not receiving the employee's e-mails, it began looking into why. Golden Frog found that its engineer was trying to send e-mails through a virtual doorway known as Port 25. That portal has been used to send e-mails for years, but some Internet service providers recently began blocking it because they were concerned that it was dominated by spammers. Still, the system is popular among some tech experts, who use it to operate their own mail servers.
Cricket allowed customers to send and receive e-mails through Port 25 software, according to Golden Frog, but stripped the traffic of the encryption request, known as STARTTLS.
It is unclear whether the lack of encryption was limited to this system or how many Cricket customers were affected.
In its FCC filing, Golden Frog said it was concerned that Cricket's practices violated the spirit of net neutrality, or the idea that Internet service providers should allow Internet traffic to move freely across their networks.
"Any time an Internet service provider is interfering with a user's ability to protect their privacy it's very concerning to us, and to all Internet users," said Sunday Yokubaitis, Golden Frog's president. "If ISPs can force users' choices about encryption, where does that put us?"
Despite law enforcement complaints, consumers are relying more on digital encryption.  Apple  and  Google  recently moved to encrypt by default more of the services built into the iOS and Android operating systems. Those moves,  the FBI has argued , will make it difficult, if not impossible, for law enforcement to do its job.
According to Google -- which has called unencrypted e-mail  "as open to snoopers as a postcard in the mail" -- about half of the e-mails received through Gmail  in October have been encrypted, up from about 30 percent in January.
Tom Lowenthal is the staff technologist at the Committee to Protect Journalists.  "It is poor practice and obsolete to send and receive mail without using robust encryption," Lowenthal said. "Journalists who rely upon secure communications, and anyone else who doesn't want their personal messages to become public, should expect their e-mail providers to offer encrypted connections by default."
Cricket was founded in 1999, and its parent company Leap Wireless was acquired by AT&T earlier this year. (AT&T's network, according to Golden Frog, allowed the sending of encrypted e-mails.) The Golden Frog engineer first noticed the behavior in September 2013 on a network used by AT&T prepaid phone provider Aio. Cricket replaced Aio as AT&T's pre-paid service after the acquisition was completed in March, and Golden Frog said the encryption practices continued for prepaid customers. Cricket's data plans start at $35 a month and do not require a contract.
John Levine is a senior technical adviser to the Messaging, Malware and Mobile Anti-Abuse Working Group, an organization with member companies including Apple, Google and Verizon. While it is unclear whether Cricket intentionally prevented its customers from encrypting e-mails, Levine said, "the result is exactly the same."
More and more people are taking steps to protect themselves from spying eyes, Levine said, "and if you're going to interfere with that, you need a really good reason."
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Nancy Scola and Ashkan SoltaniLawsuit accuses company of installing software that prevented the device from playing music sold by rivals.
Dec 5, 2014
The free app will send you push notifications in case your departing flight pulls a gate switcheroo.
Dec 5, 2014
Users can import contact lists and photos to create cards to e-mail or, for a fee, to mail out to friends and family.
Dec 5, 2014
Join The Switch team to discuss everything from the latest political tech news to the gadgets you’re eyeing.
Dec 5, 2014
Apple’s filed to dismiss a class action lawsuit over the iPod, saying that the case has no valid plaintiffs.
Dec 5, 2014
Your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Dec 5, 2014
For years, Amazon’s products have been synonymous with one thing: low prices. That’s starting to change.
Dec 5, 2014
The tech giant is facing a class-action suit over software that was on the iPod from 2007 to 2009.
Dec 4, 2014
Questions of privacy and security should be on the mind of every Girl Scout’s parent.
Dec 3, 2014
The social network is now offering a “blocked accounts” page, among other changes.
Dec 2, 2014
Load More
About
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. A Minnesota native, she joined The Post in 2010 after completing her master's degree in journalism. She lives in Washington, D.C., where she sings alto with a local choir and plays video games in her copious free time.
Most Read

Chris Christie says quarantines wont hurt the Ebola fight in West Africa. Doctors disagree.By Jason Millman October 28 Follow @jasonmillman
(AP photo/Mel Evans)
A day after nurse Kaci Hickox was sent home from her quarantine in New Jersey, Gov. Chris Christie went on "The Today Show" this morning to defend his handling of the situation. He was asked whether he thought mandatory quarantines would discourage health-care workers from heading to West Africa to battle the deadly virus.
"No, it's not, because these folks go over there because they want to help and they want to make a difference, and we applaud them," Christie said. "By the same token, when they're in direct contact with people actively with the Ebola virus, asking them to quarantine at home for 21 days unless they're symptomatic, I don't think is draconian."
It may not be draconian to ask someone to stay at home for three weeks — the incubation period for Ebola — but it can also be much more than just a minor inconvenience for health-care professionals who've already volunteered their own time to fight the disease where it's most dangerous. The health-care community has widely warned that the mandatory quarantines of health-care workers could hurt their ability to make a living, as well as stigmatize workers who can't actually spread the virus unless they're showing symptoms.
Those are potential deterrents that workers will have to weigh as they consider going overseas. And ultimately, these are factors that could hurt the most critical part of containing the Ebola outbreak: sending more health-care workers to West Africa to fight the disease at its source.
"Mandatory quarantines may do more harm than good by creating additional barriers to effective treatment of patients with Ebola and impede global efforts to contain and ultimately prevent further spread of the disease," the American College of Physicians said in its statement against quarantines of health-care workers.
"Forced quarantines of healthcare workers with no symptoms of Ebola who have risked their lives to protect others are unnecessarily harsh and are not aligned with scientific evidence," said the Association of Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology in a statement .
And that's one of the reasons why the feds have struggled to put together policies on returning health-care workers. They need to protect the public at home, but they also don't want to hinder the fight against Ebola at the source of the outbreak.
The new CDC guidelines and policies adopted by some states, like Maryland, can be seen as an attempt to thread that needle. They prescribe at-home quarantines for "high-risk" workers, those who have knowingly come into dangerous contact with an Ebola patient — like accidentally sticking themselves with a syringe or handling patients without proper protective equipment. And they're considering asymptomatic workers who've safely treated Ebola patients at a lower risk — they're asking the workers to face continuous monitoring within the incubation window. But they're not being forced to stay at home.
This debate about quarantines comes as the World Bank president Tuesday morning warned an additional 5,000 health-care workers are needed in West Africa. And officials are worried that the growing fear around Ebola could leave them short of that goal.
"Right now, I'm very much worried about where we will find those health-care workers," said the head of the U.N. Mission for Ebola Emergency Response, David Nabarro, according to the Associated Press. "With the fear factor going out of control in so many places, I hope health care professionals will understand that when they took their oath to become a health care worker it was precisely for moments like this."
Health-care workers have been just as courageous as we'd hope during this outbreak. But we also can't make it prohibitively difficult for them to go where they're needed.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Get to Know the Job Wellreddit
There's only one interview technique that matters... Do your homework so you can listen to the answers and react to them and ask follow-ups. Do your homework, prepare. Jim Lehrer
My first leadership experience was the most unusual, most unexpected and most fleeting management role that I ever held. When I was a high school senior, I was asked if I could provide supervision in a kosher restaurant in Manhattan on Saturday nights. I didn't live too far from the place and wanted to earn some extra cash, so I agreed. The position, I was told, included oversight in the kitchen, and, because I could be in and out, manning the cash register.
The first night was going pretty smoothly. It took me a short while to learn the inner workings of the establishment's kitchen and how to operate the register. Not bad, I thought, for $10 an hour. But then, the head waiter told me that I had a phone call.
"Is this the manager?" asked the woman on the line. "Manager?" I thought. I hesitated, thinking that he had called the wrong person to the phone. I asked her to hold and went back to the head waiter. He explained to me that every kosher supervisor who works in that restaurant is also the manager, so yes; I was the right one to answer. I picked the phone back up. The woman, by now confused and a bit annoyed, asked incredulously, "are you sure that you're the manager?" With the confidence of a censored child I meekly replied to the affirmative. Let's just say that I've had better leadership moments than that one.
* * * * *
Most leaders assume their positions with a superior understanding of their job responsibilities than I did. But I have found that quite a few only know the general parameters of what they need to do. This may be because they received little mentoring, a vague job description, competing sets of marching orders, or a combination thereof. Additionally, so many responsibilities seem to evolve over time or to appear mysteriously on the leader's lap, oftentimes because there is no one else to do these tasks or they don't know how to delegate them (more about that later).
It is really important for new leaders to understand their roles and expectations before they sign up. Minimally, they need to be aware of what is expected of them before they get started, so that they can work with clear vision and purpose from the outset. Not only will this help you once you get the job, but it can often assist you in securing it as well.
It is important to remember that employers take note of candidates that are well informed about the job responsibilities as well as the company itself. This demonstrates that you made the decision to apply for the job after considering the facts, rather than just out of desperation for a job. Assume that the interviewer will ask you what attracted you to her company. Study up on such information so that you can respond with an educated answer, such as how the company's mission really resonates with you.
What can leaders do to ensure that they operate will maximal clarity and that their job turns out to be the one that they signed up for rather than the occupation that it evolves into? The following strategies can help.
Review the job description thoroughly before applying - In most cases, detailed job descriptions are available to potential applicants. Review the core job expectations and ask yourself if you are comfortable with everything that is listed. If not, make a note to explore those areas in particular during the interview to see if the job is really for you.
Fill in the blanks - As you review the description, try to keep in mind the other leadership tasks that were not included. For example, a posting for a Chief Operations Officer listing may include a wide range of responsibilities, but make no mention of fundraising, public relations and the like. Do your homework to determine if these tasks are being handled by others or if this will also fall under your jurisdiction.
Seek to understand the company structure - Try to find out where you will sit in the chain of command. Is there a board of directors? What about a corporate headquarters? How does the corporate face differ from the regional face or from the retail face?
Study the bigger picture - Visit the company's website and learn as much as you can about it. Find out what they do and where they do it. Learn more about their corporate location and structure. Find out such details as how many people the company employs and if the company has gone public. Google them and see what is being reported in the media. Read their blog and see what they are writing about. Visit their social media pages and read the posts and comments.
Look at the mission statement - While on the website click on the "About Us" tab. See if there is a posted mission statement or some other statement of purpose or values. This will tell you about what the company prides itself in, places its emphasis, and sees itself as being unique amongst its competitors. These may include transparency, environmental sustainability or superior customer service. As you consider applying, use this knowledge to determine how your values and objectives line up with theirs.
Who do you know? - See if there is someone in the company that you know that may have some inside information about the position, the organizational culture, and the like. If nobody comes to mind, search your contact lists and professional connections to see who does or did work there. Perhaps you know someone who does business with them, or would have other reason to be intimately familiar with the company.
Gauge flexibility options - Will this position offer budgetary and staffing flexibility in the event of change, such as shifting market trends, new technologies or other unforeseen demands? This is important to ensure that the leader does not get saddled with unwanted and misplaced tasks.
Make it contractual - When the contract arrives, make sure that it clearly details what you are responsible to achieve. This will help you focus your energies from day one. Another benefit is that it will allow for clearer feedback as well as an easier, more accurate and useful evaluation process. Lastly, it will cover you in case others' expectations of you change over time without your input or consent.
Define success - Success in the role should be defined in advance. For example, branch leaders in a multinational corporation need to know whether their success will be measured by the effective execution of existing strategies established in corporate headquarters or if they are being asked to build the business in their respective market as they see fit. School leaders should be clear as to whether their success will be measured first by improving student academic performance or addressing some other area of school function.
Set a time-frame - It is important to come to some form of agreement on the pace of transition and / or implementation. The ideal situation for new leaders is to spend several months getting to know the organization, building relationships and learning the business. However, that is oftentimes not an option. Regardless, work to set a clear timetable that will help you plan effectively and deliver on schedule.
Oftentimes, prospective leaders fail to go through all or part of this process, either because they are not aware of its benefits or they fear that too much insistence will jeopardize their candidacy. While this is understandable, it is the responsibility of a job seeker to do his due diligence and determine whether the new possibility really offer a good fit. If he fails to do so, he may get saddled with tasks that are onerous, unrealistic, and not what he signed up for.
Naphtali Hoff ( @impactfulcoach ) served as an educator and school administrator for over 15 years before becoming an executive coach and consultant. Read his blog at impactfulcoaching.com/blog .
Follow Naphtali Hoff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/impactfulcoach
More:

Book Review:  Lead Like It Matters ... Because It Doesreddit
If you have not yet defined your deeper purpose, mission and vision as a leader, it is time to get with it! Authenticity in business is gaining steam as the ocean of humanity is reaching higher enlightenment.
As captain of your business, however large or small, you may allow it to drift aimlessly. As a leader,  your clarity and vision is vital for the future of your enterprise.
Executive coach, entrepreneur and scholar, Roxi Bahar Hewertson guides you  on a journey to help you clarify your identity, direction and leadership skills in her newly released book Lead Like It Matters... Because It Does published by McGraw-Hill.
If you feel behind the game, short of peak performance, or you are looking to improve your productivity and team output, Hewertson gives clear guidance to help optimize your leadership skills and get serious about leading.
After ascertaining why taking the time to sharpen your abilities is vital to your endeavor, Hewertson takes the reader through careful instruction worth more than the cost of a graduate course and far more than the $25 cost of these bound pages. The book begins with self-awareness and personal mastery, moves into communication and interpersonal mastery, then team effectiveness and mastery and finally wraps up by illuminating our understanding of change and organizational cultures.
"Every leader's actions result, sooner or later, in equal or opposite reactions," Hewertson says, and illuminates that personal mastery is vital.  We affect one another much more than we may realize. Self-awareness, Emotional Intelligence, and a competence in the discipline of leadership are key attributes of impactful leaders. . Hewertson guides the reader through comprehensive instruction in areas such as the 12 competencies of Emotional Intelligence, defining personal values and fine-tuning your personal mission and vision, which ultimately drive your enterprise.
Lead Like It Matters guides the reader to understand the importance of  successful expression.  "Communicating and working effectively with the people on your team, across teams, and throughout your organization is essential...our personal choices about how and what we communicate have significant impact on outcomes."  Three chapters and several exercises are devoted to the how-to of perfecting interaction.
Team building has trust at its core. "High trust results in strengthening relationships, sustaining positive change, increasing effectiveness, and adding positive results to anyone's bottom line." The book facilitates building solid teams, and gives us a tour of different organizational cultures and their effects both within and out in the world. "Whenever you make changes, you shake up your culture and your system one way or another."
While the book inspires hope and action with great practical guidance, the author reminds us that values comes first, "We are human beings, not human doings." To help us keep balanced Hewertson reveals insights into setting priorities to help us stay the course  we developed with prudent thought in the first several chapters.
Lead Like It Matters takes the reader on a journey that enriches the reader's personal, interpersonal, team and cultural mastery. In my case, the book popped up and down; in and out of my hands as the content and exercises inspired me to make immediate improvements in leading my organization. It will be by my side for at least the next several months as the map for developing our establishment.
Thirty-years of leadership proficiency shines through the compact instructions in Lead Like it Matters..Because It Does. More than a book, the content is a virtual classroom leading the reader through the steps to fully develop his/her leadership potential.  With awareness to the details of many situations that leaders find themselves in, as well as the many styles of leadership, Hewertson seems to cover the entire ocean of management know-how in her book.
Follow Suna Senman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sunasenman
More:

What We Learned From Our Failure to Launch; It s Not the Launch Date  It s the Lead Up to It That Countsreddit
"Houston, we have a problem!"
How many hours, days, weeks, months, even years do we spend trying to finalise our products to get them out into the world? We create, create, create and produce some pretty amazing stuff...and then when we are ready to launch, we go through a cocktail of emotions: a twist of happiness, mixed with a dash of relief, we then shake it up with a shot of excitement, pour some fear and self doubt on the rocks, and then to make things really interesting we go for a splash of anxiety and top it off with a night cap of anticipation. Get it?
Launch day comes and goes and all you hear are crickets. No new sign ups, no rave reviews or your website crashing because of the high volume of traffic competing to check out and purchase your product.  All those hours, days and months you spent with your head down and bum up like the perfect little school kid, not making a noise, not disturbing the class by yelling out, no talking to the kid beside you or the one a few rows down to tell them what you were working on. All because you were too focused on the end result and just getting the job done.
Sorry to put it so bluntly, but you just fucked up your launch! Can you see how? I'll tell you how, we just did it ourselves. We sacrificed getting out there and telling people all about what we were creating and why we were creating it. We didn't involve them in the process. We didn't show them our passion about our product or how it would benefit them. We didn't have real life interactions and engagements, instead, we sat hidden away, working on getting a final product out there! Doh!
Launches are really simple if you keep it simple.
There is no magic to it. Just like there is no magic to selling yourself. Love what you do, do what you love, produce something that will help others and the rest will all fall into place. Tell me that you don't feel attracted to a product or service if you see someone talk about it with passion and enthusiasm and can see the benefits!?
To launch, you have to think about the old saying, "it's not the destination, it's the journey that counts." Talk with enthusiasm about what you are producing, tell people all about it, tell them your why and how it can help them...how else are they going to know about it?
What we have learnt and what we are telling you is not new, we have read what the launch gurus have told us to do, yet, we somehow put it all to the back burner, basically ignored that priceless advice and concentrated on the final destination. Something that is common in what we do in our lives in general. We don't stop to smell the roses, we don't look up and feel the sunshine or rain drops on our faces. We rush around frantically with the end result, product, destination in mind and miss out on the important stuff, this moment, the right now!
From our experience of our failure to launch, we created a simple 3 day challenge. We believe that you don't need to spend another cent on tweaking your website or getting photos done or anything like that, you just need to get out of your own way and move forward. Let go of perfectionism, procrastination, self doubt, fear of success or failure, limiting beliefs or just not knowing how to take the next step. Come and visit our website and see how we can help you in a simple 3 day Challenge to get the Courage, Confidence to start taking massive steps in your online business.
By completing this challenge you will see how you are holding yourself back and will learn to get out of your own way. This will pave the way to you realising your own potential and realising that what you are imagining (the worst) is actually not the case. We will be there supporting, challenging and brainstorming with you.
It's quick and easy and seriously motivating and life changing, so what's your excuse? Click here to register, it's free.
Come say g'day to us on our Facebook page, we love meeting new people.
We would love to hear about how you turned a so-called failure into a success, tell us about it in the comments below.
Follow Keyon Bayani on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StrutYour_Stuff
More:

Create a Budget Plan That Actually Works: 3 Steps to Takereddit
With the economy still in recovery mode, and consumers trying to get their finances back on track, having a budget that actually works is more important than ever.
But how do you plan a budget that you'll actually stick to? The key is to understand the different budget strategies and figure out which one is the best fit. It's also vital to realize that this process won't always be easy, but you can't give up.
1. Base Your Income and Expenses on Reality
Start by listing everything you spent money on in the past 3 months. This might take a little bit of extra time, but only writing down expenses and income from one month ago, won't give you the entire picture. You may forget transactions that only happen on a quarterly basis, like getting your car's oil changed, or income bonuses at work.
Be honest with yourself so you don't leave anything out. You want your budget plan to be as accurate as possible, to ensure you actually stick to your monthly spending goals. To do this, you need to base your budget on reality using the correct figures.
2. Chose a Customized Plan
There are multiple types of budgets and spending plans out there, so choosing the right one is important. You may have to test them out for a couple of months to see which type works best for your family. Here are some of the most popular ones:
+ The 50/30/20 rule. This rule breaks down spending habits into 3 categories with certain percentages. Based on your income, essential expenses (like utilities, food and rent) make up 50% of your spending. Unnecessary expenses (cable, internet, cell phone) make up 30% of the budget, and future goals (debt payments, savings, retirement fund) make up the rest, or 20%.
+ Fixed and variable expenses budget. This method divides your budget into two categories, fixed versus variable expenses. You can only lower the payment of fixed expenses, like car insurance, or mortgage payment, so much, but eating out expenses and entertainment fall under discretionary spending, which can be cut back if needed.
+ Bare bones budget. This is a budget based on your lowest possible monthly income. If you're self-employed, or work at a commission-based job, this type of plan will work best for you. Create a plan based on absolute necessities that you need to survive, with any other money seen as gravy.
3. Find a Method to Track Your Budget
Now that you've calculated how much you spend, what your income is, and divided out into a budget plan that works for your specific situation, it's time decide on how you'll track everything each month.
Are you tech-savvy and prefer to track your daily spending on a mobile app? Or do you prefer to carry around a small notepad and pen to quickly jot down transactions? Some of the best options are:
+ Mint.com's completely free web-based service and mobile app.
+ You Need a Budget's desktop software.
+Microsoft's free monthly budget templates you can easily download.
Again, you may have to test out a few different online tools, or spreadsheet templates, but once you find the one that works, stick with it.
How to Plan a Budget that Works
You're trying to figure how to plan a budget , so be in it for the long-term and don't get discouraged if it doesn't work very well for the first several months. It takes time to create new spending habits, and level out as your income fluctuates.
Also, don't be afraid to experiment and try out a few different methods, tools, and resources to plan a budget. As your situation changes and your life evolves, you may find that one style doesn't work anymore, and it's time to try something new.

The Hiring Guru: Meir Ezra And "Good People"reddit
Since releasing my book, The Naked Interview: Hiring Without Regret , I've spoken to many clients and business owners about the topic of hiring and retaining great people. One colleague I recently reviewed the subject with is Meir Ezra , a successful businessman and consultant, based in the Tampa, FL area.
Among his accomplishments, Ezra established and grew a company to $100 Million in revenues in just three years. He has a wide range of experience in many fields, is a successful inventor with several registered patents and has donated millions of dollars to charitable organizations.
Ezra intelligently pointed out that when it comes to hiring, many business owners overly concern themselves with finding what they refer to as "good people". He believes this is too broad of a general notion. Of course, it's important we work with good people, but in business, what we really need to have on our team are people who are productive, first and foremost.
Identifying candidates who will be productive on your team is critical to a successful hire and something I cover in Chapter 6: The Interview where I ask Has This Candidate Produced Results?
It is vital to check the candidate's ability to achieve results. Is the prospect able to translate his or her knowledge into definite results of value? You need to know about that person's earlier products. Then to effectively verify this, check references after the interview.
Another thing Meir Ezra emphasizes when it comes to hiring is how much responsibility there is on the employer to make sure the new hire is given everything they need to become a productive member of the team. This comes down to well-documented job responsibilities and effective training. Your new team member needs to understand not only what their job is, but exactly how to do it successfully. This needs to be drilled until they are competent and confident in their abilities. Furthermore, your new team member needs to understand the overall organizational structure, its purposes and goals and how they can best contribute to those ends.
Finally, like everyone in a successful organization, your new team member needs something to be measured by. Identifying the specific actions they are responsible for taking and what they need to produce is critical. This takes the guesswork out of productivity, giving your new hire and management the ability to quantify production.
Properly identifying successful candidates, training them, monitoring their statistics and optimizing production are areas I work on with many of my coaching clients on an ongoing basis. When all of these areas are carefully managed, the results are outstanding. Staff morale and retention increase dramatically and profitability is maximized.
I introduce how a standardized process can increase your results in this area in my free video series at HiringAcademy.com .
It's great getting input from successful businessmen like Meir Ezra and aspiring entrepreneurs alike. Please leave your own comments about hiring below, sharing things you've found effective or questions you may have. I read all the feedback I receive and respond as well.
Follow David Jensen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/davidleejensen
More:

Going Against the Flow: Brittany Hodak  Cofounder of ZinePakreddit
Brittany Hodak is the co-founder of ZinePak , an entertainment startup that helps celebrities and brands better engage with their superfans. She has been named to Advertising Age's 40 Under 40 list, Inc. Magazine's 35 Under 35 list, and Billboard Magazine's 30 Under 30 list. She won a Stevie Award for Young Female Entrepreneur of the Year, was profiled in Wall Street Journal's Startup of the Year documentary series, and received an Empact100 Award at the United Nations. She holds an M.S. in Marketing from CUNY Baruch's Zicklin School of Business and a B.A. from the University of Central Arkansas.
Brittany Hodak
Q: What does entrepreneurship mean to you, and what makes for a successful entrepreneur?
BH: To me, entrepreneurship means freedom. Although the risks of pursuing entrepreneurship can be high, the reward is ultimately freedom. The freedom to decide what to do and when and where to do it. This is the reason most people can never go to back to a "normal" 9-to-5 after being bitten by the entrepreneurial bug. I think it takes a certain degree of fearlessness to be a successful entrepreneur, because there are LOTS of unknown. Also, all of the best entrepreneurs I know are very competitive. They want to win at everything, and will find lots of creative ways to do so!
Q: What are you most proud of in your professional career?
BH: Only 1.8% of women-owned businesses ever reach the $1 million mark (according to data from American Express), so one of my proudest career moments was reaching this important milestone less than one year after founding ZinePak. To surpass that $1 million revenue mark--especially as a self-funded company--was a really great feeling. Beyond that first year, I'm very proud of the company ZinePak has grown into. We make 100% of our products in the United States, we source our materials almost exclusively from other small business owners, and we only take on clients we truly want to work with.
Q: If you could do something over in your life, what would it be?
Q: My co-founder and I didn't hire employees for almost two years into the life cycle of our startup, which in retrospect was way too late. As a result of this, I spent the first 24 months working virtually around the clock, because it was critical to advancing the business. My norm was 16 hours a day, 7 days a week. As a result, I missed a lot of time with family and friends. Sometimes it can take something tragic happening to make you realize that your priorities are wrong. 18 months after ZinePak's launch, my dad died suddenly. Although he was my hero and the two of us were very close, I spent a lot of time thinking about all of the times I could have called or visited in the previous months when ZinePak had kept me "too busy" to do so. If I had it to do over again, I would spend that time very differently.
Q: Tell us about an instance where you had to go against the flow to realize your goal.
BH: Like most successful entrepreneurs I know, I probably "go against the flow" every day! One of my dad's favorite sayings was "it's easier to get forgiveness than permission." This is true of a lot of things, but certainly true of entrepreneurship! If you aren't getting your hand slapped on a regular basis, you probably aren't pushing hard enough. Another good saying is "Never accept 'no' for an answer from someone without the authority to tell you 'yes.'" In a lot of situations, the correct protocol for getting a deal done is to start with a manager or director and let things move up the chain over time. As a startup CEO, you've got to go against that norm and start at the top with C-level executives whenever you can to get things done quickly.
Q: What trend do you predict happening in the music industry in the coming years?
BH: Although streaming and digital music have changed consumer music purchasing habits, interest in and consumption of music is at an all-time high. As people continue to move away from the idea of "owning" music and become more comfortable with on-demand streaming and subscription models, physical music packaging will grow more elaborate and be geared toward superfans. Superfans for any given artist will make up larger and larger percentages of purchases for that artist, as more casual fans will move almost exclusively toward streaming. Most sales to these superfans will be through fan clubs, speciality web stores, direct-to-consumer offerings online, and at concerts, offering several tiers and pricing options for each release.
Q: How is ZinePak evolving as a result of that trend?
BH: When I started ZinePak, it was to address one very specific issue: the decline of physical CD sales at Walmart stores. I envisioned a configuration that added value to a CD by pairing it with things that couldn't be downloaded (namely, merchandise items and a magazine). Now, we're addressing LOTS of issues, all around fan engagement. Our clients have tasked us with everything from helping launch fan clubs to making meet-and-greets more engaging to reimagining what a concert ticket could be. Those are all really exciting challenges which have led us to create dozens of awesome products, all geared at getting superfans closer to the entertainers they love most. Now, we frame every opportunity as, "What can we do to elevate this experience for fans?"
Q: If you were to give advice to your 22-year-old self, what would it be?
BH: I would tell myself at 22 not to be afraid to challenge authority, and not to tolerate disrespect just because it's coming from someone senior than you. Looking back at my early career, I dealt with a LOT of disrespect and harassment. Although I didn't know any better at the time, there is ZERO excuse for anyone making inappropriate comments or actions in today's workplace society.
Follow Brittany at @ BrittanyHodak , and check out the other interviews in Going Against the Flow series at http://www.huffingtonpost.com/charu-sharma/ or thestartupsutra.com.
Follow Charu Sharma on Twitter: www.twitter.com/charu1603
More:

GOP Betrays Social Security-Cutting Dems: Who Could ve Seen It Comingreddit
Who could've seen it coming?
Progressives could be forgiven for developing something of a Cassandra complex when it comes to the Democratic Party's economic stances. Here's the latest case in point:
The Washington Post and Politico have warned us that Republicans, led by Karl Rove's dark-money outfit, are attacking Democratic candidates for supporting the "bipartisan" cuts to Social Security that were all the rage in Washington for a few years.
Amid what the Post's Lori Montgomery calls "charges of hypocrisy," Dems like Sen. Kay Hagan are being slammed for supporting increases in the retirement age and cuts to future benefits.  Adding insult to injury, Republican ads are mocking the once-revered, supposedly "bipartisan" Simpson-Bowles deficit proposal as a "controversial plan" that "raises the retirement age."
It is both those things, of course. It does raise the retirement age, and it is controversial -- controversial enough to be opposed by most Republicans, as well as overwhelming majorities of Democrats and independents, according to polls .
But the conventional wisdom has insisted for years that Democrats who endorse cuts to their party's signature programs will be handsomely rewarded, with both the gratitude of voters and the fraternal support of their Republican colleagues. Instead they're being pilloried for taking unpopular and economically unsound positions.
Who, oh who, could have predicted it?
Told You So
There's no polite way to say this: Some of us have been trying to warn the Dems for years. Here are some examples, from the written history I know best: my own.  (If you don't want the "told you so's," feel free to skip ahead. We won't blame you -- even though this is only a partial list):
Four years ago, on November 10, 2010, , Roger Hickey and I wrote an analysis of a poll sponsored by the Campaign for America's Future that measured the unpopularity of the Simpson-Bowles plan.
On November 4, 2010, this author pointed out that insiders were marginalizing Social Security defenders as "the left," while dishonestly conveying the range of options available.
In a piece that ran on November 16, 2010, , I pointed out that only 6 percent of the electorate agreed that "deficits" should be a Congressional or Presidential priority. On December 1, 2010 I wondered who will protect the Democrats from their own austerity rhetoric.
In J anuary of 2011, we used data from Social Security works to note that Democrats had blown a 38-point lead over Republicans as the party voters trusted with their Social Security benefits, largely as a result of this "bipartisan" benefit-cut talk. That piece noted that Republicans had campaigned on an equally hypocritical "Seniors' Bill of Rights" -- and took the House that year.
In March of 2011, I warned Dems away from the false rhetoric from the right-leaning crowd, especially the rhetoric that asserts that it is somehow more "adult" to talk about unnecessary and punitive cuts for the American people than it is to discuss tax increases for millionaires.
On May 16, 2011, we pointed out that the Democratic Party's reputation was endangered by the spectacle of leading Dem Bill Clinton and leading Republican John Boehner hanging out at a "fiscal summit" and agreeing that Social Security must be cut.
On June 22, 2011, we warned that Washington's anti-Social Security deficit hysteria amounted to a "war on the young" that could depress turnout among younger voters (a key concern in this year's races).
In a piece that ran three years ago,  on December 9, 2011, , I pointed out that Republicans gave Dems a sucker punch and ran to their left in "entitlements" (Medicare and Social Security). We mentioned again that the "Seniors Bill of Rights" help them win in 2010.
A piece published on April 25, 2011, once again lamented the fact that mainstream political opinion on Social Security was being "marginalized" and excluded from Beltway debate. Another, on November 7, 2011 , pointed out that Simpson-Bowles was based on economic mythology.
On July 17, 2012, we warned Democrats and progressives that the slick "No Labels" package, supposedly a "nonpartisan" initiative, was a corporatist right-wing project in disguise -- one which had Social Security in its sights.
(Democrats cried foul this week when "No Labels" backed Tea Party candidate Cory Gardner against incumbent Democrat Mark Udall in the Colorado Senate race. To preserves the illusion of impartiality, the cynical outfit backed a Democratic House member at the same time. But the Udall/Gardner race is much more important, and almost certainly much closer.)
On September 7, 2012, we reminded Democrats that the president's offer of a Social Security compromise didn't lessen the right's fervor for bringing him down. On October 4, 2012, we reminded Democrats about the GOP's "Seniors Bill of Rights" gambit again and cautioned them that a deal would lead to a double-cross.
We warned Dems on November 30, 2012 - two years ago - that "fiscal cliff" deals and similar proposals were a Wall Street scam.
On February 4, 2013, we reminded readers of the dishonesty, as well as the personal vulgarity and excess, at the heart of the Simpson-Bowles agenda.
I know we said you could jump ahead, but don't skip this part!
On April 9, 2013, we warned Democrats about Obama's decision to incorporate the chained-CPI benefit cut into his budget. That meant Democrats could be labeled the "anti-Social Security party." We wondered how it would take Republicans to attack the president for adopting cuts they've wanted all along.
On April 10, 2013, we reported the results: It only took 15 minutes for a GOP official to call Obama's move a "shocking betrayal of seniors."
And that was for adopting their own preferred policy. Now let's continue.
On April 11, 2013, we pointed out that the GOP budget did not include this benefit cut, placing ems in a perilous position, and provided ten other facts about the "chained CPI" -- another Simpson Bowles proposals.
In September of 2013, we warned Democrats away from the misguided austerity language Corey Robin has described as "eat your peas" rhetoric.
On October 20, 2013, we cautioned Dems that "Any scenario which leads to Social Security or Medicare cuts would be bad for seniors. It would also be bad for any politician who supported it."  
On March 27, 2014, we reported on central role Bill Clinton has played in steering his party in this disastrous direction, as leader of the Wall Street Democrats.
I'm not claiming any special prescience on this issue. I'm just one of a number of people who have been making these observations for years. But now, with the election a few days away, we learn that "with Republicans in striking distance of winning the Senate, they are suddenly blasting the idea of trimming Social Security benefits."
And all the faux centrists are saying, How could we have known?
The Latest Betrayals
The Huffington Post's Ryan Grim and Sabrina Siddiqui pithily note that "for decades, corporate strategy in Washington depended on bipartisan compromise to push through policies unpopular with the public."  Any crack in that facade leads to infighting -- and, perhaps, to democratic representation in the halls of Congress.
Now the cracks are showing. The Post reports that Democratic Rep. John Barrow has been accused of "leaving Georgia seniors behind" by supporting "a plan that would raise the retirement age to 69 while cutting Social Security benefits." (That's Simpson-Bowles.) Politico's Brian Faler reports that Rep. Joe Garcia is accused of "failing seniors."
Karl Rove's organization, Crossroads GPS, accused Hagan of supporting the same "controversial plan." Gardner appears in a new ad with his grandmother while promising to "honor every penny we promised today's seniors." (Did you catch the word "today"? See what he did there?)
The Post describes the Simpson-Bowles plan, accurately, as a proposal that was  "once venerated in both parties."
The theory, we were told, was that "Republicans would raise taxes" -- although Simpson-Bowles leaned heavily on the middle class, rather than the wealthy -- in return for Democratic cuts to Medicare and Social Security. In truth, most of Simpson-Bowles' measures would have hit the middle class and lower-income Americans the hardest.
Even its supposedly more "evenhanded" measures, like means-testing Social Security benefits, were designed in a way that would have hit the "99 percent" much harder than than the wealthy.
The Calvary Isn't Coming.
The plan's two authors -- a hedge-fund Democrat and the Republican scion of political influence and personal prosperity -- spared no effort in pitching their plan as "courageous" (as if coddling billionaires takes courage) and "tough-minded" (as if pursuing corporate and billionaire funding requires toughness).
Voters weren't buying it.
Predictably, Simpson and Bowles have now taken to describing the hapless Democratic victims of their political scheme as "brave." The deal's other Republican advocates, like Senator turned Wall Street-funded pitchman Judd Gregg, simply shrug their shoulders at the betrayal. "In elections," Gregg told the Post, "you do whatever you think will work."
Sometimes the "bipartisan" dealmakers let their conservative biases slip in subtle ways. Maya MacGuineas of "the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget" is a leading member of this lobbying effort, which is funded in large part by billionaire Pete Peterson as well as an array of defense contractors and bailed-out Wall Street banks. Said MacGuineas, "Attacking Democrats who have been willing to break with their party's orthodoxy sets back the traditionally Republican agenda of entitlement reform tremendously."
To this well-heeled and well-funded crowd, Social Security and Medicare represent liberal "orthodoxy," rather than highly successful and popular programs that should be expanded. Cuts to these programs are "reform." And the desire to cut them represents Republican "tradition."
George Orwell would be proud. Meanwhile, Democrats who backed this bill -- and who were promised bipartisan "cover" for adopting this fundamentally conservative plan -- are waiting for reinforcements that will never arrive.
"Mini-Bargains"
In an interview for The Zero Hour , The Huffington Post's Ryan Grim warned of what MacGuineas describes as "mini-bargains" -- small deals that chip away at the nation's social contract one piece at a time, rather than in the more wholesale manner proposed by Simpson-Bowles. And now, according to the Post, the first such bargain may be looming on the horizon.
Republicans are now considering another budget showdown, along the lines of previous years' "hostage crises" against the American people and their government. And Lori Montgomery reports that
With a deadline on the debt limit looming again sometime next year, some Republicans have been quietly discussing the possibility of boosting Treasury borrowing power in exchange for adopting the new inflation measure, among other cuts to entitlement programs.
Democrats from the president on down will undoubtedly to publicly sign on to a deal like that. They'll be told that voters will embrace them for it, praising them for their "bravery" and wisdom. And they'll undoubtedly be reassured that their Republican voters are willing to surrender some of their long-held principles, too, just as long as Democratic programs are cut more deeply -- and Democrats sign on to the deal first.
And when things get ugly for Democrats in the next election, they'll undoubtedly be asking themselves once again: Who could have seen it coming?
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Logitech launches protective case cum keypad for iPad Air2The Logitech Type+ keyboard for iPad Air 2 has a dedicated row of iOS shortcuts.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:05 pm
Logitech has launched its Type+ protective case with an integrated keyboard for the newly launched Apple iPad Air 2. The new Bluetooth keyboard optimises the distance between its keys, and has a dedicated row of iOS shortcuts for speedy navigation.
The Logitech Type+ keyboard also has an automatic On/Off feature. When the iPad is positioned upright, the Logitech Type+ automatically turns on, and when it’s closed, it automatically turns off. In addition, the auto-wake and auto-sleep feature turns the iPad off when you close the case and wakes it when you open the case so your iPad is ready anytime you need it.
It is avilable in Black colour and is expected to be available in India starting December 2014 for a suggested retail price of Rs 6,495.

Bangalore railway station becomes 1st station to have WiFifacilityPrint
WiFi facility will be available to the passengers on their mobile phones free of charges, initially for a period of 30 minutes. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:05 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:10 pm
Bangalore City railway station has become the first station in the country to have WiFi facility for providing high speed internet to passengers.
WiFi facility will be available to the passengers on their mobile phones free of charges, initially for a period of 30 minutes. For usage beyond 30 minutes, the user may purchase scratch cards, which will be made available at the WiFi Help Desk.
These are priced at Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for one hour and are valid through 24 hours. Additional browsing time can also be purchased on-line using credit/debit cards, a senior railway official said.
RailWire – the retail Broadband distribution model of RailTel Corporation of India Ltd, a PSU of Railway Ministry, is involved in distribution of internet bandwidth through WiFi.
“The WiFi facility at Bangalore is operational after the inaugural of the service by Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda recently,” said the official adding that “with the implementation of the service, Bangalore railway station becomes the first station in the country to have WiFi facility for passengers.”
RailTel has been mandated by Railways to provide WiFi facility at major stations, the official said.

Protesting D.C. cabbies causing delays againA Lyft car drives next to a taxi in San Francisco. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
D.C. taxicab drivers protested — again — Tuesday, creating some traffic congestion around the Wilson Building.
Their protest came as the D.C. Council was expected to vote on legislation that will allow app-based services such as uberX and Lyft to operate in the District. Cabdrivers have argued that the services have an unfair advantage because they don’t have to follow the same rules and regulations.
The cabdrivers circled Freedom Plaza at 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue NW, outside the Wilson Building, starting about 10:30 a.m. Traffic was backing up by 11:30 a.m around Pennsylvania Avenue and 13th and 14th streets as roughly 100 cabs circled the area and honked. By 12:30 p.m., it was over.
It was the third such protest in recent months.
— Dick Uliano (@DickUliano) October 28, 2014
It’s a toss-up as to how effective the protests have been, because passersby or those who are trying to hail cabs can’t get one as fast. Many of the cabdrivers participating are part of the more than 2,000 who’ve formed the Washington, D.C., Taxi Operators Association, affiliated with Teamsters Local 922 in Washington.
. @DickUliano Cabbies circling Freedom Plaza in horn honking rally against uber and lyft #wtop #dctraffic pic.twitter.com/7kQT092LHY — WTOP Traffic (@WTOPtraffic) October 28, 2014
 
jesus just stop already, cabbies MT @postmetrogirl : Honk, honk, honk! Taxi cab protest in D.C., again today http://t.co/rziMkAfU1y
— Low Headlessways (@LowHeadways) October 28, 2014
 
Nothing says 7 days until Election Day like a DC Taxi Cab protest honking outside the office…
For more transportation-related news, click here .
Andrea Peterson contributed to this report.
I'm a Washington Post reporter, working an early morning shift that deals with crime, lottery winners, traffic, you name it.
Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team.

Dana Hedgpeth and Lori ArataniA new 10-and-younger menu is perhaps a bit too adult.
Dec 2, 2014
Chef Tunde Wey’s Nigerian pop-up tour brings goat head and other delicacies to D.C.
Dec 2, 2014
The dish is ubiquitous across Japan, where it is often served in pubs, and is making inroads here.
Nov 26, 2014
With the opening of Nagoma Izakaya, it has been a good week for fans of the Japanese rice bowls.
Nov 25, 2014
Two H Street bars open with feline-themed names, but the similarities end there.
Nov 24, 2014
Local chefs add new flavors to gravy-smothered french fries covered in cheese curds
Nov 21, 2014
Diversity is showcased in a Petworth storefront.
Nov 20, 2014
Load More
About
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide. She has also written for U.S. News & World Report, TBD.com, ARTnews, the Washington City Paper and the Onion A.V. Club. If you see her out and about – at restaurants, museums, theaters, or Meridian Hill Park with her two dogs – say hi.
Most Read

Global shares rally on earnings  data  bond prices slip2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Fear-Mongers on TV Spook Equities: Just in Time to Buy Cheap Before Great Earnings!reddit
Regular readers of this blog will recall the prediction a couple of weeks ago: short sellers on Wall Street and their accomplices in the financial media, especially cable TV, would use a confluence of threatening (but not yet realized) situations to whip up a frenzy of fear to trigger the market  "correction" they had long waited for. And bet big on.
The October convergence included: the emergence of ISIS (including the likely fall of a well-positioned  Syrian town on the Turkish border); new fears of a potential European recession due to an August slowdown in factory activity (who would have ever expected a slowdown in Europe in August??); an imported fatal case of Ebola in the US that was mishandled by the hospital and wound up infecting  two nurses and led to mindless calls for "flight bans" from the affected African nations to the US (although those flights don't exist) to prevent a US epidemic; and even the murder of two soldiers by two Canadian jihadi converts. All these were cited day-in-and-day-out as urgent reasons to, as one trader put it "sell first and ask questions later."  Bad advice, if you took it, as many did in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 when the same type of traders confidently projected a string of stock-mageddon events:  a Greek default leading to a Euro currency collapse; a US debt default; a German exit from the Euro; run-away US inflation as the Federal Reserve provided extraordinary market liquidity to fight asset deflation (including stocks); and even predictions that the Fed would "Septaper" its stimulus too early (2013) or too late (September 2014).
None of these eventualities actually happened, of course. But traders made a fortune when minor market corrections ranging up to 13% occurred just before the reality of strong corporate earnings or economic performance emerged. Not that the risks inherent in the situations noted above were not real. But they were intentionally blown out of proportion to shake stocks out of "weak hands" by traders who new darn well that the likelihood of stock-mageddon was remote and the evidence of continued growth was actually strong.
Theologians (unlike traders with a position to optimize) will tell you if asked that all sin starts with exaggeration. And the sin here was clearly exaggeration. Predictions of a new global recession began to appear in the financial media in early October just before the market took its dive, recycling much the same forecast that CNBC trotted out the previous October! This despite the fact of surging 4.6% US GDP growth in the second quarter of this year announced at the end of September , and employment growth announced in the first week of October reflected the best annual rate of job creation since the glory days of 1999!
How does this record of strong economic performance get replaced by a chorus of doom and gloom in just a week? Ask the cable news cycle and its vulnerability to the urge to "bring on the car crash" so we can cover it, providing a megaphone to the traders positioned to profit from a quick downturn on exaggerated fear, followed by a quick jump back up when the fears turn out to be far more manufactured than manifest. Call it the Bungee Market. Let's look at some examples.
UNITED RENTALS (ticker symbol URI): a well-regarded proxy for global economic activity. Its shares dropped in October from over 100 to the mid-80's as the fear trade took over in the second week of the month, but quickly and decisively rallied back to 107 at this writing (10/23/14) on the back of strong earnings and projections.
ILLINOS TOOL WORKS (ITW):  a symbol of "nuts and bolts" industrial America, it dropped from an early-October high of 83 down to 79, but then blew through its previous high all the way to 87 after reporting stellar financial results.
HONEYWELL (HON): we feared results of this global, diversified industrial and technology company would reflect a bad European slowdown, but HON met earnings estimates and raised its forward guidance and its stock. Having fallen from 91 to 85 in early October, it jumped even higher to reach 94 after its report.
AMERICAN AIRLINES (AAL): the "index patient" of the transportation sector that was taken down from 36 to 28 on fears of Ebola contagion and travel bans, jumped back quickly to 38 once its strong earnings report came out.
PACKAGING CORPORATION OF AMERICA (PKG); a proxy for all manner of commercial activity, saw its stock beaten down from 63 to 58 amid downbeat economic chatter in the second week of October. But like others, PKG blew right through to an even higher price of 69 after strong earnings.  "Sell first and ask questions later" would have cost you 10% with this stock in half a month and buying at the bottom would have produced a 19% return in just a few days. Annualize that!
SKYWORKS (SWKS): a semiconductor company that is a mainstay of the mobile revolution was blown down from 55 to 45 prior to earnings on a report of a purported market turn in the chip sector, but sprang right back to 55 when that rumor was debunked by its own earnings.
CELGENE (CELG): a leading biotech innovator, this stock slumped with the fear trade from 92 to 85, but jumped all the way to 100 on its monster quarterly financial report.
HARLEY-DAVIDSON (HOG): this well-known name slumped 60 to 55 on fears of consumer fright, but ran all the way through to 63 on great earnings.
HALLIBURTON (HAL): this well-known name in oil exploration tied to the fracking industry with the rumored "death of fracking," based on the sharp fall in oil prices due to global recession fears as well as abundant supply, slumped from 62 to 50, but is now back up 10% from its bottom after surprisingly strong quarterly earnings report.
Seen enough?  Of course there were companies like IBM that went down and kept on going down after its horrible earnings report. That's as it should be, case by case, fact by fact. But since many market participants seem to have experienced a collective brain freeze about how they got fooled by the Armageddon trades of 2010 through 2013, maybe a few examples of how they got skinned again in October 2014 will serve as a memory aid for the rest of the year.
By Terry Connelly, Dean Emeritus, Ageno School of Business, Golden Gate University
Terry Connelly is an economic expert and dean emeritus of the Ageno School of Business at Golden Gate University in San Francisco. Terry holds a law degree from NYU School of Law and his professional history includes positions with Ernst & Young Australia, the Queensland University of Technology Graduate School of Business, New York law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore, global chief of staff at Salomon Brothers investment banking firm and global head of investment banking at Cowen & Company. In conjunction with Golden Gate University President Dan Angel, Terry co-authored Riptide: The New Normal In Higher Education.
Follow Terry Connelly on Twitter: www.twitter.com/deantrc
More:

Blue Markets Face Bigger Housing Challenges Than Red Markets8.9%
$197
Note: among 100 largest U.S. metros. Bluest metros are those with highest positive margin for Obama vs. Romney in 2012. See blogpost note for data sources. Data for all 100 metros available here .
 
 
Affordability Is a Bigger Problem for Blue Markets
Things look fundamentally different when we compare red and blue markets in terms of affordability and related measures. The tables above show that none of the 10 reddest markets had a median asking price per square foot above $130 in Sept. 2014. But nine of the 10 bluest markets did. Looking across all 100 largest metros, the correlation between price-per-square-foot and 2012 vote margin was positive, high (0.63), and statistically significant. In fact, the only expensive red market was Orange County, CA, at $363 per square foot. There was a huge drop-off to the next-most-expensive red market--North Port-Bradenton-Sarasota, FL, at $150 per square foot.
When we plot local market home price per-square-foot and the 2012 presidential vote, we see that most of the red metros are clustered in the lower left-hand corner of the figure, where prices were lowest.
Strikingly, housing costs nearly twice as much in dark-blue markets ($227 per square foot) than in red markets ($119).
Sure, households in blue markets tend to have higher incomes. But those higher incomes are not enough to offset higher home prices. Our middle-class affordability measure, which reflects the share of homes for sale within reach of a median-income household, is significantly lower in bluer markets. Furthermore, blue markets have lower homeownership and greater income inequality than red markets. As with affordability, the relationships between homeownership and inequality on one hand and 2012 voting patterns on the other hand are statistically significant.
What does all this mean? The point is not that Democrats cause expensive housing, lower homeownership, or greater inequality. Determining whether and how the political views of voters or their elected officials affect local housing markets is the stuff of scholarly research, not short blogposts. But because blue markets are less affordable, have lower homeownership, and have greater income inequality, political leaders in Democratic-leaning and Republican-leaning metros may push for different policies.
Furthermore, these local differences in home prices mean that some national housing policies favor red markets and others blue markets. For instance, the current system of conforming loan limits benefits red markets more because homes in those markets are likelier to fall within local loan limits. But the mortgage interest deduction benefits blue markets more, thanks to higher home prices and more residents in higher tax brackets. Such differences could make it harder to reform these long-standing policies. In short, the differences between blue and red local housing markets may add to the challenge of reaching agreement on national housing policies.
Note: Metro-level 2012 Presidential election data are aggregated from county-level data in the Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections . Peak-to-trough price declines are calculated from the Federal Housing Finance Agency House Price Index. Year-over-year price changes and median asking prices per square foot are from the Trulia Price Monitor . Correlations mentioned in this post are metro-level, weighted by number of households in the metro, and statistically significant if p<.05. The correlation of price per square foot and vote margin is calculated using the natural log of price per square foot.
 
Follow Jed Kolko on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JedKolko
More:

Why a $90 Million Condo Is Left Empty in NYC: Ridiculously Low Property Tax Rates for Luxury Propertiesreddit
The Upshot has a horrific story about hedge fund manager William Ackman buying a $90 million penthouse condo to... sit on it empty until someone ponies up a higher price, your basic condo flipping you usually associate with cookie-cutter suburban developments.  
But it actually makes sense this is happening in the New York City luxury market, since the cost of leaving property idle is so low.  In many communities, yearly property taxes would encourage an owner to at least rent out a unit to cover the taxes, but in NYC, property taxes on luxury condos are actually lower as a percentage of their buying price than working-class rental units.
As the New York Times itself detailed two years ago , the average American homeowner pays 1.14 percent of the home value each year in property taxes.  But because of idiotic rules established by the state government, luxury apartments aren't assessed based on their purchase price but on comparisons to much cheaper rental units nearby.  
The Times gave the example of an $88 million apartment at 15 Central Park West -- similar in price to Ackman's new purchase -- whose property taxes were assessed at only property taxes at only $59,000, or just about 0.06 percent of its sale value in property taxes.
That may be real money to the rest of us but that kind of lowball annual property tax rate is not enough to worry a hedge fund manager looking to speculate over the long term. Now if Ackman had to pay 1 percent of the purchase price of his new penthouse  each year -- i.e., $900,000 annually -- that would probably push both Mr. Ackman and the rest of the luxury apartment elite to rent out apartments left idle some or all of the year around the City.  And a much higher tax rate on those luxury apartments would bring in billions of dollars in revenue to fund social programs, including affordable housing for the rest of working New York.
Unfortunately, too many of the property tax rules are set in Albany, where rich special interests have bought the legislature.  But we do need a new movement for property tax reform both to cut back on speculation leaving swathes of real estate unoccupied around the city and to raise desperately needed revenue for the city.
Follow Nathan Newman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/nathansnewman
More:

The seven biggest midterm campaign story lines with seven days leftBy Sean Sullivan November 4 Follow @WaPoSean
Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.), left, faces off with with his opponent, U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) during a televised debate at 9News in Denver on Oct. 15. (Brennan Linsley/AP)
Note: We originally posted this item on Oct. 28. We have updated it and are reposting it today since the election is here.
Today is the midterm election! Here are the seven biggest story lines to watch:
1. The obvious: Will Republicans win the Senate majority?
This was the biggest question on Day One of the midterm campaign. It remains the biggest question at the very end. The GOP needs to gain six seats to win back the chamber. If you watch just three races, make them North Carolina, Colorado and Iowa. Polls show razor-tight contests in these states, which could collectively decide which party controls the Senate. Also keep an eye on Georgia, where Democrats feel like they have some momentum. It could go to a runoff. (More on that below.)
2. Runoffs? You kidding me? Runoffs?
The smart money says the Louisiana Senate race is headed to a runoff. Georgia may be headed to one, too. (Runoffs are triggered in those states if no candidate wins a majority.) If control of the Senate is on the line, these two states will be the focus of the political world for the next couple of months. Louisiana's runoff would be Dec. 6. Georgia's Senate runoff would be Jan. 6 -- after the new Congress is scheduled to be sworn in.
3. How many seats will Republicans gain in the House?
It's becoming increasingly clear that this election is shaping up as a painful one for House Democrats. After talking up their recruits and offensive opportunities for months, they have shifted lots of money toward protecting endangered incumbents. National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Greg Walden (Ore.) has been saying for months that getting to 245 is an attainable goal for Republicans, who currently hold a 233-199 advantage. That would be a big victory for House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) and Co. President Obama's low approval rating is dragging down Democrats everywhere. But the reason gaining a dozen or so seats is on the high end of what observers are predicting for Republicans is that they did so well in 2010, so there simply aren't nearly as many swing districts that can realistically be flipped.
4. Will Republicans hold their 29 gubernatorial seats?
Republicans have set a public goal for governor's races: Walk away with 29 wins -- exactly the number they currently hold. What's so exciting about treading water? Well, considering that the GOP is defending 22 seats compared to just 14 for Democrats, and they have nine incumbents running in states Obama won twice, it would be more of an accomplishment than meets the eye. Democrats have declined to set a public goal of their own. Both sides have added unlikely pickup opportunities to the fold, scrambling the landscape. The GOP could spring upsets in Massachusetts, Connecticut and Colorado. Democrats could pick off Kansas and Georgia.
5. Is this the beginning, or is this the end? We're looking at you,  Scott Walker and Martha Coakley . 
Two of the most interesting subplots in the gubernatorial landscape involve household names whose political fortunes hinge on the outcome of today: their careers will take a serious hit if they lose, and be set on a superstar trajectory if they win. If Walker wins reelection in Wisconsin, he will reaffirm his spot on the short list of top potential candidates for president. If he loses, he's no longer on that list. Polls shows Walker in a competitive race against Democratic challenger Mary Burke. Coakley, who lost to Scott Brown disastrously in 2010, is getting a second chance in Massachusetts -- although there are signs she might be about to blow it in the governor's race against Republican Charlie Baker: She's struggled to raise money, and has run a lackluster campaign. But she can still put it in the past with a win that would propel her to the top job in one of the most liberal states in the country. If she loses, it's hard to see her generating any enthusiasm for another campaign for higher office.
6. Can embattled Republicans Michael Grimm and Vance McAllister defy the odds and hold their House seats?
Grimm (R-N.Y.) is under indictment on tax and business fraud allegations. McAllister has become known as the "kissing congressman" after being caught on camera kissing a staffer who was not his wife. Yet both of them stand a chance of winning. McAllister is using the same "politics of forgiveness" playbook Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) used in his successful comeback. Grimm has insisted he is innocent, and enjoys a base of support that doesn't seem to be too moved by the allegations he is facing.
7. Which 2016ers will walk away with the most IOUs?
This will be a bigger question once the election is over and the dust has cleared. There's no better way to set yourself up for 2016 than making important friends in 2014. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) has been playing nice with the establishment, backing mainstream Republican contenders  left and right. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) has raised boatloads of money for GOP candidates and barnstormed the country as chairman of the Republican Governors Association. Others, like Hillary Clinton (D) and Sens. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) have also pitched in for their party. It won't be long before they all try to collect on their unofficial IOUs.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Best of the midtermsBy Jennifer Rubin October 28 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Rep. Tom Cotton looks for questions in a crowd of supporters at a Republican headquarters office in April in Hot Springs, Ark. (Stephen B. Thornton for The Washington Post)
With the midterm elections exactly a week away, we thought we’d look back at some of the best (the worst would be too long and depressing) parts of the 2014 midterms:
Best policy roll-out: In Virginia, Ed Gillespie introduced and ran on an Obamacare alternative. The new Congress should take its cue from him.
Best TV appearance: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie responding to the Ebola crisis and the CDC’s backseat driving was forceful, clear and funny — the old Chris Christie — on Today. His media skills should not be underestimated:
Best closing ad: New Hampshire Senate candidate Scott Brown (R) looking straight on camera , speaking in measured tones is a solid exclamation point on a well-run race.
Best retort: A tie between Rep. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), who completely defanged the war on women hooey from Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.), and Republican candidate Dan Sullivan in Alaska, who turned his opponent’s gotcha ad on a rapist released from jail into an issue about Sen. Mark Begich’s character.
Best use of an opponent’s gaffes: Another tie, between Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who went to town over his opponent’s refusal to say if she voted for President Obama, and Joni Ernst (R) in Iowa, who used Rep. Bruce Braley’s condescending remark about Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) being just a farmer, complaint about the loss of gym towels in the government shutdown and chicken dispute with a neighbor to her advantage.
Best political development for GOP: A newfound focus on foreign policy and Senate candidates (e.g. Rep. Tom Cotton, Scott Brown, Joni Ernst, Dan Sullivan) running on a robust GOP national security stance are most welcomed. Rachel Hoff writes : “As crisis after crisis emerges around the world, polls here at home show that national security issues are on the minds of voters heading to the ballot box next month. Foreign policy has skyrocketed to the top of the list of issues for voters in recent polls. . . . It has been over a decade since national security issues were polling so high among voters. . . . Americans aren’t just prioritizing national security issues in response to pollster’s questions. I’ve been out on the campaign trail this fall and voters frequently ask candidates about foreign policy. In the 10 election cycles I’ve volunteered on campaigns, I have never seen an electorate so concerned with foreign policy. Voters are asking candidates for Congress where they stand on a range of threats facing the United States, from the Islamic State group to Ebola.”
Best surrogate: Mitt Romney endorsed many of the eventual Senate primary winners and then appeared continually on the trail, generating buzz about his own run (nevertheless, he won’t) and lending some gravitas to GOP candidates.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Five observations from the Redskins win over DallasBy Mike Jones October 28 Follow @mikejoneswapo
The Cowboys' Tony Romo is sacked five times, as quarterback Colt McCoy led the Redskins to their first back-to-back win since 2012, snapping the Cowboys' six-game win streak. The Washington Post's Gene Wang and Scott Allen give you their studs and duds of this Week 8 matchup. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
The Washington Redskins defied the odds and beat the Dallas Cowboys , 20-17, in overtime Monday night.
It was Washington’s first division victory since Week 17 of 2012. Also for the first time since that season , the Redskins have a two-game win streak.
There’s a lot to get into from this performance. So let’s dig in. Here are five observations from last night’s game.
1. Gruden a gamer – We learned some things about the Redskins’ rookie head coach on Monday night. Jay Gruden has continued to say that his team isn’t going to give up, and that he and his assistants will do everything in their power and try everything they can come up with to spark a turnaround. Monday night, Gruden backed up his words and showed great creativity, guts and determination.
One of Gruden’s biggest decisions involved going with Colt McCoy as his starter over both Kirk Cousins and Robert Griffin III. The decision to go away from Cousins was not popular with some players in the locker room, and some fans. But Gruden recognized a mentally battered quarterback when he saw one, and he concluded that it was time for McCoy. Gruden could have yielded to the pressure to rush Griffin back, but he really didn’t want to. Ultimately, the coach stuck to his guns, kept the face of the franchise sidelined for at least another week and put all of his faith in McCoy – the one-time quarterback of the future in Cleveland, who had fallen from grace and become a third-string QB.
By not going with Griffin, Gruden signaled change. For once, the Redskins made a decision with the long-term in mind. Gruden’s move also signaled that he is in charge, and players are not. Gruden’s call also showed that no one upstairs is meddling with his decisions (because in the old days, you know that’s an area where someone would have stepped in and interfered, forcing the coach’s hand for the splashy move).
Gruden also benched right tackle Tyler Polumbus, and didn’t just remove him from the lineup. He made him inactive, going with Tom Compton as his starter and rookie Morgan Moses as the backup. That move sent a message that any old way just wouldn’t cut it. Gruden wasn’t afraid to sit Alfred Morris down, going with Silas Redd Jr. and Roy Helu Jr. at a point where Morris remained ineffective. The decision appeared to have sparked Morris toward a stronger effort. After mustering just 11 yards on five first-half carries, and then watching the latter portions of the first half, Morris came back in the second half and churned out 62 yards on 13 carries. Tip your hat to Gruden for sticking with the run as well.
Gruden also had a gutsy play call on fourth-and-1 from the Dallas 49 with 3 minutes 46 seconds left. Gruden knew the Cowboys would key on Morris (which also would’ve been the safer play, as would have been a quarterback sneak), so he went with the play action rollout. McCoy found a wide open Darrel Young, who picked up the first down and another 11 yards before being tackled. Gruden and offensive coordinator Sean McVay came out with an aggressive approach to start overtime as well – calling a deep pass down the middle of the field to Pierre Garcon. Eventually the Redskins stalled seven plays later when Jordan Reed (seven catches on seven targets) got stopped for no gain, and on came Kai Forbath for the field goal.
Gruden served as the confident, aggressive tone-setter his offense needed him to be. The only issue that stands out is the Redskins’ process for getting plays into the quarterback. That is taking way too long. Repeatedly, we’re seeing quarterbacks motioning for their coaches to speed up. Gruden usually selects the play and gives it to McVay, who then radios it into the quarterback. Coach and offensive coordinator need to streamline something here, because Washington had two delay of game penalties – the worst of which came with 2:16 left and put Washington in third and 10 instead of third and five. Gruden said he thought they were going to be able to get the play off, and that he had wanted to save the final timeout. But that didn’t happen, and Washington had to punt after a McCoy sack, and hang on for dear life as the defense stymied the Cowboys, forcing overtime.
2. Bringing the heat – Jim Haslett also called his most aggressive game of the season as he sent defender after defender at quarterback Tony Romo. The defensive coordinator knew that his unit had to try to contain DeMarco Murray, but he also knew that they had to get to Romo. And so, Haslett dialed up 20 blitzes Monday night – double the amount he normally calls. The Redskins had success bringing Perry Riley Jr. or Keenan Robinson up the middle, or Brandon Meriweather off the edge. Haslett also ran stunts with Ryan Kerrigan, and also sent Ryan Clark on a delayed blitz up the middle. The unit racked up five sacks and another four hits on the quarterback. This finally was the display of the “Haz unleashed” description that players had used to describe how things would be this season under their coordinator. The frequent pressure flustered Romo, who did make some plays, but completed only 17 of 28 of his passes. The pressure also caused Dallas to convert only one of five second-half third downs for first downs.
Said Romo, “That was the most cover-zero blitzes we have seen in a game. You don’t necessarily think a team is going to run 10 snaps of it in a game, and I’m not sure how many they did, but it was a lot.” Said Cowboys coach Jason Garrett, “Just a lot of all-out pressures. What happens when you play a team that does that, you really just have to make them pay. You have to handle it. … We’ve been able to do that in the past. Unfortunately, tonight, that never really happened.”
Indeed, we’ve seen the Cowboys burn Haslett & Co. on the cover-zero blitzes, but not last night. Haslett put a lot of confidence in young cornerbacks Bashaud Breeland and David Amerson, who played well even in times where they had no safety help over the top. Murray got his yards, but the Redskins managed to recover. On the 36-yard catch-and-run by Murray, good pursuit and persistence from Breeland resulted in a forced fumble that Washington recovered at its own 9. Murray burned Clark on a 51-yard run in the third quarter, but Breeland again saved the day with a tackle at the 6, and the defense regrouped and held the Cowboys to a field goal.
3. McCoy’s poise – Colt McCoy didn’t look like a guy who had played in only one half of football and two garbage-time cameos since 2011. The moment wasn’t too big for him. He appeared confident, comfortable and decisive. He completed 25 of 30 passes for 299 yards and one interception and also rushed for a touchdown. Sure, there were a couple of throws he would like to have back (on the interception in the end zone to Roberts, Garcon was open in on a more shallow route across the goal line), but McCoy did well.
You saw him extending plays, directing traffic, improvising and giving his team a chance to succeed. A couple of times, McCoy displayed the awareness to avoid sacks and do what Gruden has preached: “not make a bad play worse by trying to do too much.” In the second half, after going 0 for 4 on third downs in the first two quarters, McCoy & Co. went 6 for 10 in this category.
Trent Williams praised McCoy’s confidence and said that he knew his quarterback had the ability to do well because he had seen McCoy and the Texas Longhorns shred his Oklahoma Sooners repeatedly. Williams said McCoy’s success both last week and this week despite entering the season as the third-string quarterback and with only limited reps just serve as a testament to McCoy’s preparation and desire. “Hats off to him being ready to play. Third-string quarterbacks, most of time they’re over there, spitting seeds, no awareness of the games, and he came in last week and willed us to a win.”
Cowboys punt returner Dwayne Harris is knocked down by Akeem Davis as soon as he fields a kick. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
4. Special teams sparks – Once again, Forbath came through with his leg, both on kickoffs and field goals. And punter Tress Way had a career-high three punts downed inside the 20, which is a credit to his leg, and the coverage units.
We also saw strong play in the returns game. Andre Roberts had experienced little success since his promising day in the season opener. But he did damage on his first punt return of the day thanks to two crucial hits. First, rookie safety Akeem Davis laid out a defender with a block that opened up the entire left side for Roberts, and as he took off upfield, the return man got another big block – this one from linebacker Everette Brown, who demolished another Cowboy.
Davis later raced downfield and decked Dwayne Harris with a hit that was so vicious that officials initially threw a flag. They correctly picked up the flag, ruling it a legal hit because Davis had not led with his head.
The contributions by the two players signed this week – Davis and Brown – went a long way to helping Washington have an effective day in this third phase of the game. We saw more fire and confidence out of the coverage units, and this is what the Redskins have hoped for all season. Niles Paul said after the Seattle game that he noticed a difference in the Seahawks special teamers and Washington’s – confidence and a nastiness. He hoped that one big play would serve as a jump-off point for he and his teammates. Paul had a key field-flipping recovery on a muffed punt last week against Tennessee, and he hoped that would provide that key spark. It appears that it may have. The aggression level had obviously kicked up a notch. Now the Redskins need to find a way to string this along to another game, and another.
5. Signs of hope? – The Redskins improved to 3-5 and got a much-needed win within the division. Had they lost, at 2-6, their prospects would have been even dimmer than ever. But things suddenly look rather different. There are no gimmies, but things appear to lay out favorably for the Redskins in the next few weeks. They go to Minnesota ( 3-5 ) this coming week, and there they face another struggling team. Then comes the bye and another team with a losing record – the 1-6 Tampa Bay Bucs – the following week. The Redskins have a real chance to actually be 5-5 as they head to San Francisco in Week 12.
But to do so, they must continue to scratch and fight. Coaches must continue to tinker and search for solutions. Players must continue to attack with a sense of urgency. It’ll be interesting to see how Robert Griffin III’s situation plays out these next three weeks. He has a chance to play at Minnesota, but the team could opt to wait until after the bye to bring him back. Gruden is determined not to rush Griffin back onto the field. He wants him to be primed and ready when he does return. We saw struggles out of Griffin during the preseason and in Week 1, so it’s hard to say where his level of comfort stands. There will be some understandable rust, but coaches hope he can knock off as much as possible during practices. If Griffin can indeed return at 100 percent, and if Gruden and McVay – who have demonstrated an ability to craft effective game plans tailored to their quarterbacks’ strengths – can ease him in effectively, that could serve as another spark for this offense.
The run game still must improve – and that involves everyone: Morris with his vision and confidence, the line with their execution. The Redskins must eliminate penalties on both sides of the ball. Third down efficiency must also improve. On defense, Washington’s defensive linemen and edge rushers must do a better job of winning one-on-one matchups, and the tackling must improve as well. The Cowboys managed a number of big-gain plays because of missed tackles. As Gruden said, “It’s a great win – get a win on the road – but the fact of the matter is, we’re still 3-5 and have a long way to go and we can’t lose sight of that.”
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in Tuesday’s  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

What it looks like in Afghanistans largest -- and still incomplete -- prisonBy Dan Lamothe October 28 Follow @danlamothe
An aerial view of Pol-i-Charkhi Prison, Afghanistan’s largest correctional facility. (Photo released by the U.S. Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction)
Afghanistan’s Pol-i-Charkhi Prison has had a reputation for brutality virtually since it was first constructed in 1973. The Soviets are believed to have tortured Afghan detainees there, and it was the site of a wild riot in 2006 in which hundreds of prisoners, including al-Qaeda fighters, seized part of the facility.
That was supposed to change after the United States launched a project in 2009, then valued at $26.5 million, to overhaul the prison’s infrastructure, combat radicalization and improve conditions. The U.S. Embassy in Kabul said at the time that the existing conditions at Pol-i-Charkhi “made it impossible to classify and segregate inmates accord to the crime they have committed,” a recipe that put those convicted of petty crimes in with extremists and violent offenders.
Five years later, the project has ended chaotically. The U.S. watchdog on Afghanistan reconstruction said in a report released Tuesday that the largest contract, valued at $20.2 million, was terminated by the State Department after about half of the work was completed — even though $18.5 million was paid. The contractor, Al-Watan Construction Company, is accused of cutting numerous corners, including using wooden trusses on the roof instead of metal ones, not refilling trenches that had been dug and not connecting back-up generators to the prison’s power grid.
“The prison was designed for about 5,000 prisoners, but currently houses about 7,400,” said the watchdog, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. “The security advantage of reconfiguring prisoner holding areas into smaller cells — the primary basis for the renovation work — that could contain and separate maximum security and other prisoners has been lost.”
SIGAR said that it generally found the prison physically in good condition. But it released photographs that underscore the poor conditions and the waste of U.S. tax dollars:
Columns at the prison in disrepair. (Photo released by SIGAR)
This photo shows overcrowding at the prison, including inmates sleeping in hallways outside cells. (Photo released by SIGAR)
Overcrowding in maximum-security cell. (SIGAR photo)
Living conditions at the prison. (SIGAR photo)
Shoddy wiring at the prison. (SIGAR photo)
The view from the prison’s courtyard. (SIGAR photo0
The prison is known for widespread drug use among inmates. Some of them alleged  in media reports that guards provided them with drugs in exchange for cash, and U.S. diplomats said in diplomatic cables that former Afghan President Hamid Karzai was believed to have released several drug traffickers from the prisoner as political favors.
The State Department said in a written response to SIGAR included in the report that corruption contributed to the construction problems, and that as a result it ended its dealings with Al-Watan.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Girl Scouts poll suggests that teens see politics as a mans worldBy Ruth Tam October 28 Follow @ruthetam
Margot Francini, 11, leading a Girl Scouts flag ceremony in 2008. Photo courtesy of Laura Francini.
Girl Scouts of the USA just published a few numbers, and they’re not this year’s cookie sales.
The youth organization’s recently released “ pulse poll ” found that though girls are interested in politics and are experienced in civic engagement, they don’t see a career in politics for themselves. Seventy-four percent believe that if they pursued a political career, they would “have to work harder than a man to be taken seriously.”
According to the report, the study’s figures can be boiled down to this: “Girls are well aware that politics is ‘a man’s world.’”
Girl Scouts chief executive Anna Maria Chávez attributes this to societal barriers. “Girls can’t be what they can’t see,” she said of the disproportionately low number of female leaders. “And when we look at the media, you see what transpires at a national level of politics. It’s tough to be a political leader in this country today.”
This sentiment isn’t new. A gender gap has shown up in reports measuring interest in politics for years. In 2008, a Pew Research Center study found that the adults rated women as superior to men on a majority of important leadership traits. However, over half of survey respondents said that the reason why there were fewer women in top elective offices is because many Americans weren’t ready to elect one .
In 2008, while women’s leadership skills were considered largely superior to men’s, half of poll responders didn’t think Americans were ready to vote a women into high office. Graphic courtesy of Pew Research Center.
An expansive 2013 study by American University found that among qualified professionals and young college students, women were less likely to express interest in a political career.
The message is as simple as it is repetitive: Women aren’t running for political office at the same rate as men. The Girl Scouts poll’s numbers depict girls as political beings and the organization’s analysis instructs them not to shy from that power. Although Girl Scouts can still collect badges for hiking and talking to seniors, the national poll of 1,088 girls ages 11 to 17, and its recommendations for political mentorship, demonstrate the organization’s intent to modernize.
“We are working to make our programs relevant and interesting for girls,” Chávez told She The People.
This year saw a drop in 400,000  registered Girl Scouts from 3.2 million to 2.8 million total. In addition, a drop in adult volunteers has reduced resources for the girls who need troop leaders and cookie moms.
Anna McGuire, 15, from Cabin John, Md., was a girl scout from second to fourth grade, but her troop disbanded when there weren’t enough girls her age to participate.
“I would’ve loved to stay involved,” McGuire said. “I didn’t have that opportunity at the time.”
When her younger sister joined a younger troop, McGuire became a volunteer, supervising activities and accompanying camping trips. Now, McGuire volunteers as a teen adviser co-chair of Girl Up, the global youth-empowerment campaign for girls.
Anna McGuire, 15, (center) with friends at the Whitman Girls Up Leadership Summit in June 2014. (Photo courtesy of Sarah Craven.)
“As things stand now, women have somewhat of a disadvantage,” McGuire said. “Look at our history. We’ve never had a women president or vice president. But times are changing. By the time I’m considering running for office, hopefully there won’t be a stereotype that women can’t hold public office.”
The severity of the perceived stereotype depends on who you ask.
Anna Eagle, 12, of Bethesda, Md., is a sixth-grader at Pyle Middle School. A former Girl Scout, Eagle doesn’t consider herself politically active, despite holding a seat on her elementary school student council for two years.
Eagle, who has a twin brother, Andrew, firmly believes girls can do anything boys can do. At Pyle, winners of student council elections are distinguished by their speeches, she says, not by their gender and not necessarily because of their popularity. But she has noticed differences in who runs in elections outside of school.
“It seems like every time people run [for public office], it’s usually two guys,” she said. “I guess there are more male candidates.”
Last spring, Chávez, the Girl Scouts CEO, was part of Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg’s campaign to ban the word “bossy.” Whether or not the campaign will succeed in wiping out gendered adjectives is no longer a necessary debate. It’s the campaign’s support of women leadership from figures like Beyoncé and first lady Michelle Obama that can make political equality the new normal for Eagle and McGuire. Since the campaign launched in March, girls worldwide have tallied several victories, including a Nobel Peace Prize for 17-year-old Malala Yousafzai.
In the national arena, women voters are a prized demographic. In fact, as campaigns ramp up support from women voters before Election Day, it’s clear that even if girls don’t recognize their future political clout, polling firms and politicians do .
One could argue that there’s never been a more supportive environment for girls interested in politics. Yet, the perception from girls in studies shows otherwise: Although the country’s political environment might be comfortable for some girls, political action is certainly not encouraged for all — not for girls who don’t have participatory parents, strong mentors or the funds to enroll them in youth-empowerment activities.
Margot Francini, 11, of Mooresville, N.C., whose mother Laura turns to NPR every morning, likes politics but understands not everyone has the access she does. As a cadette in her seventh year of Girl Scouts, Francini attended the Democratic National Convention in 2012 with her mother and younger sister, Scarlett, 9. The two sisters blogged about their experience for their Girl Scout troop, and Scarlett made a presentation about it at school.
“It’s important for kids to listen to the news and know what’s going on in politics,” said Francini. “So they know why people are doing things.”
For the Girl Scouts, Chávez says the data creates opportunities to talk to girls about their political options. But for girls like Eagle, there’s no rush.
“I don’t really understand most of the issues right now,” said Eagle. “But it’s just because I haven’t been learning about it. When I get older, I’ll get into it.”
What issues will she pay attention to?
“Fights that presidents have and arguments that congressmen have with each other,” she said.
Ruth Tam is a writer based in Washington, D.C. Follow her on Twitter: @ruthetam .

Pope Francis backs theory of evolution  says God is no wizardBy Ishaan Tharoor October 28 Follow @ishaantharoor
Speaking to the Pontifical Academy of Science, Pope Francis said that the Big Bang and evolution do not contradict the "intervention of God" as a creator, rather it requires it. (Reuters)
Delivering an address to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, Pope Francis continued his habit of making provocative, seemingly progressive statements. The pontiff appeared to endorse the theory of the Big Bang and told the gathering at the Vatican that there was no contradiction between believing in God as well as the prevailing scientific theories regarding the expansion of our universe.
“When we read about creation in Genesis, we run the risk of imagining God was a magician, with a magic wand able to do everything. But that is not so,” Francis said . “He created human beings and let them develop according to the internal laws that he gave to each one so they would reach their fulfillment.”
The pope avoids gesturing at the thorny issue (at least for some Christians) of whether humans descended from apes. Atheists argue, moreover, that understanding the Big Bang and what emerged from that cosmic moment obviates a need to believe in a deity. On that count, Francis obviously disagrees. He repeated the idea of God not being a “magician,” an entity that conjured all into being.
“God is not... a magician, but the Creator who brought everything to life,” Francis said . “Evolution in nature is not inconsistent with the notion of creation, because evolution requires the creation of beings that evolve.”
In other words, to borrow from an earlier Enlightenment idea, God is more a clockmaker than a conjurer of miracles.
Such thinking is not new for the Catholic Church, which for six decades — since the reforms of Pope Pius XII — has espoused belief in theistic evolution . That hinges, of course, on the fundamental acceptance of a higher power.
A 2006 article in the Vatican's main newspaper also distanced the Catholic Church from the idea of "intelligent design," which it said should not be taught in schools as science. The Catholic News Service, which summarizes the article here , explains what distinguishes the Vatican's thinking from more secular understandings of evolution.
What the church does insist upon is that the emergence of the human supposes a willful act of God, and that man cannot be seen as only the product of evolutionary processes, it said. The spiritual element of man is not something that could have developed from natural selection but required an "ontological leap."
Francis's more conservative predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, espoused this view and found the American debate between creationists and those who backed evolution “absurd.” He  asked in 2007 why “those who believe in the Creator would not be able to conceive of evolution, and those who instead support evolution would have to exclude God.” And then went on:
This antithesis is absurd because, on the one hand, there are so many scientific proofs in favor of evolution which appears to be a reality we can see and which enriches our knowledge of life and being as such. But on the other, the doctrine of evolution does not answer every query, especially the great philosophical question: where does everything come from? And how did everything start which ultimately led to man? I believe this is of the utmost importance.
Skeptics and atheists, though, may agree with the importance of those questions. But they're still looking for very different answers.
 

Why Britain wont save drowning migrants in the MediterraneanBy Adam Taylor October 28 Follow @mradamtaylor
Survivors and relatives of those who died in a migrant boat disaster last year attend a commemoration ceremony Oct. 3 at the spot where 366 migrants perished, off the Italian island of Lampedusa. (Darrin Zammit Lupi/Reuters)
On Tuesday, the British Foreign Office announced that it would not support any future search-and-rescue operations aimed at preventing migrants from drowning in the Mediterranean Sea. It was only confirmation of what was already known: The British government had quietly spelled out its position  on Oct. 15 , when Foreign Office minister Baroness Anelay took questions in the House of Lords.
"We do not support planned search-and-rescue operations in the Mediterranean," she said. "We believe that they create an unintended 'pull factor,' encouraging more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing and thereby leading to more tragic and unnecessary deaths."
Britain is not the only European power pulling back from aiding migrants in the Mediterranean. A widely praised Italian plan that saw many migrants making the treacherous voyage from North Africa to Europe rescued is in the process of being scaled back. And while the European Union will start its own project next week, it will operate on a far smaller scale.
Critics say that Britain's position ignores a historical refugee problem. "The British Government seems oblivious to the fact that the world is in the grip of the greatest refugee crisis since the Second World War," Refugee Council chief executive Maurice Wren said in a statement.
Regardless of whether you buy the idea of a "pull factor," it is undeniable that tragic deaths are occurring in the Mediterranean — and at a startling rate. In mid-October, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees estimated that 3,343 people had died at sea while trying to reach Europe, including 2,755 since July. Those numbers present a dramatic rise from previous years , even topping the numbers at the height of the Arab Spring in 2011.
And if the death toll is huge, the number of people rescued is even more remarkable. The Italian search-and-rescue operation, Mare Nostrum ("Our Sea"), set up after more than 300 migrants died off the island of Lampedusa in 2013, is said to have saved an estimated 150,000 people. Where Italy had once taken a harsh line on migrants, Mare Nostrum was seen as an exceptionally  open and progressive policy toward them: Rescued migrants were to be brought to Italy, where they would be offered medical treatment, shelter and food. Rather than be immediately expelled, they would be granted legal aid to make formal requests for asylum.
Mare Nostrum is coming to an end, however. "Mare Nostrum is being wound up," Angelino Alfano, Italy's interior minister, said recently . "There will be a formal decision during one of the next cabinet meetings." Despite its best intentions, Italy appears unwilling to keep paying the monthly $12 million price tag; it may also be wary of a backlash from its neighboring countries, some of which were less keen on the "back door" to the European Union that they said Italy had created.
On the surface of it, the E.U. border agency Frontex's Triton mission, due to launch Nov. 1, would seem to be a successor. But Frontex has been clear that Triton is not designed as a replacement and will focus on border protection rather than search and rescue. "Our operation covers a very specific operational area, and we only have a few vessels and a few aircraft," Frontex spokeswoman Isabella Cooper told the BBC .
The project has a comparatively modest budget estimate of $3.6 million a month and specifically calls on member states to contribute. How much those members contribute remains to be seen, but Britain's involvement will be extremely limited. The Guardian reports that Britain will provide only a single immigration officer to collect information on migrants.
In many ways, the British position seems to be a direct response to Italy's Mare Nostrum experiment. While Italy's search-and-rescue missions clearly saved lives, the logic goes that they encouraged more and more people to risk their lives in the hope of being rescued and making their way to Europe. The ever-increasing number of migrants taking the Mediterranean route would seem to validate this position.
However, the sheer scale of the world's growing refugee problem must also be a factor. The chaos in a number of Middle Eastern and North African nations has led to an incredibly vast number of refugees in 2014: More than 3 million people have fled Syria amid its ongoing civil war , for example. The UNHCR estimated earlier this year that the global number of refugees had topped 50 million for the first time since World War II. And, as the Economist notes , Greece registered a 142 percent increase in the number of arriving refugees, despite a far harsher policy for refugees and asylum seekers.
And while European governments may avoid the problem, private groups have stepped in. UNHCR notes that commercial vessels have contributed to the rescue of more than 37,000 people this year, and private groups such as the  Migrant Offshore Aid Station have been set up to rescue more. 
Human rights groups and refugee agencies say a lack of a coherent European strategy is leading refugees to drown in the Mediterranean sea. "Europe needs to step up efforts to provide credible legal alternatives to dangerous voyages to protect people from the risks of traveling with smugglers," UNHCR said this month. "The level of desperation among many of those involved, fleeing war, persecution and violence, including from Syria require our concerted efforts to respond."
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

What the U.S. economy would look like if racial inequality didnt existBy Emily Badger October 28 Follow @emilymbadger
Photo courtesy of Flickr user peddhapati , under a Creative Commons license.
The moral case against racial inequality in the U.S. is pretty simple. When we don't give equal opportunity to minority kids, we deny them a full future. When better jobs are kept out of reach of qualified minority workers, we deny their families security, too. When society offers minorities lesser versions of opportunity — in the labor market, in education, in housing — it fails in some fundamental ways.
Now, the economic case against racial inequality is much more complicated. Politically, however, it may also be more powerful. It goes like this: Racial inequality costs the U.S. billions of dollars each year, through the wasted productivity of black men barred from work by their criminal records, through the misallocation of immigrant workers who could be doing more than low-wage jobs, through the untapped consumption of families who would spend more if only they brought more money home.
Quantifying all of this — the full economic implications of a country without racial inequality — is difficult. But the thought experiment is  worthwhile. What would the U.S. economy look like if all racial groups earned about what whites do?
Put another way: What does racial inequality cost us?
Inequality has become a politically pressing topic, as good blue-collar jobs have dwindled from the economy, as the recovery has left many families behind. But more often we're talking about inequality of a different kind: between the 1 percent and the 99 percent , or between the bottom and top fifths of the income distribution .
"So much of the conversation about inequality thinks if you deal with inequality generally, then you would somehow shrink the level of racial inequality, too," says Manuel Pastor, the director of the Program for Environmental and Regional Equity at the University of Southern California. "But that’s not necessarily true."
Addressing broad inequality would no doubt help. But we can't eliminate racial inequality without addressing the factors that explicitly drive it, like the over-incarceration of black men , or the legal status of immigrant workers , or the re-segregation of public schools .
If we were to do all of these things — and we'll get to the costs in a minute — if we were to bring the average income of black workers up to the average income of white workers, they'd make about 61 percent more:
PolicyLink/PERE
Last week, PERE and PolicyLink released that chart as part of an analysis looking at the theoretical impact on the economy if blacks, Hispanics and other minority groups had the same income distribution as whites (accounting for some differences in their age demographics). By their rough national calculation, the U.S. economy would be $2.1 trillion bigger in 2012 under such a scenario, or 14 percent higher.
This number is simplistic for a lot of reasons. It doesn't take into account the cost of investments in education, job-training, health or infrastructure that would be needed to create a world where the average worker — of any race — had a job earning about $38,000 a year. It doesn't take into account the time we'd need to get there.
It also doesn't address the fact that our labor market would look very different if the average worker nationwide earned more than he or she does today. In that theoretical world, we'd have a lot fewer low-wage, low-skill jobs if we were to raise the income distribution of minorities without lowering the income distribution of whites to create a level playing field somewhere between the two. But this is where the thought experiment gets really interesting.
What would that labor market look like? If we were to eliminate systemic disadvantages in our economy that hold back minorities, we'd have to acknowledge that whites sometimes benefit from them — and would lose those benefits, too. The white worker who earns a job thanks to discrimination against someone else, or for lack of competition from minorities, might no longer get that same job. And in a more equally distributed labor market, whites would also theoretically do a larger share of the lower-income jobs.
Pastor counters that we shouldn't think of the economy as zero-sum. Past chapters in history have shown that black economic gains have been good for the economy as a whole (whites included), and that the labor market has shifted to accommodate their movement out of low-skilled work. When blacks were able to leave agricultural and domestic services, for example, the need for both kinds of workers within the economy shrank through automation and technology (more efficient farming equipment, vacuum cleaners, microwaves).
Could something similar happen today if more people had the education and skills to leave low-wage service-sector jobs for professional ones?
Over the last half-century, Pastor points out, there have been two periods when blacks made substantial income gains, alongside whites: In the late 1960s, when the Civil Rights movement opened more economic opportunity to blacks, and during the strong economy in the Clinton years.
Courtesy of Justin Scoggins and Manuel Pastor
During both of those periods, incomes for whites and blacks rose. But racial inequality between them simultaneously declined. In the 1960s, for example, the median black family went from earning about half of what the median white family did, to more than 60 percent:
In 1973, government data first starts to classify "non-Hispanic whites." Courtesy of Manuel Pastor.
This suggests, Pastor argues, that everyone can gain — alongside the GDP — as racial inequality narrows.
The economist's argument for why this is true is several-fold. Without discrimination and inequality, we can better match workers to the best jobs for their abilities. When low-wage workers get more education and skills, they become more productive. And when families earn more, they spend more money in the economy, further driving demand.
The challenge of achieving this is not simply a matter of eradicating outright discrimination. A large share of racial inequality — although it's tough to pinpoint how much — is not driven by prejudice in the labor market, but by "pre-market" factors like access to education that are still tinged by inequality.
"I don’t think the two can necessarily be separated in the data," says Justin Scoggins, who helped author the PolicyLink analysis. "It’s really hard to tell the difference between inequities baked into the economic system [and discrimination]."
If a black worker is turned down for a job in favor of a white worker, for instance, this doesn't necessarily mean that an employer discriminated against him at the point of hiring. But it may mean that he was less qualified for the job because he had less access to high-quality education earlier in life — or because he lived in a community where the police where much more likely to arrest boys for behavior that went unpunished in white neighborhoods.
Just as it's difficult to untangle these drivers of racial inequality, it's difficult to fully calculate what eliminating it would cost — let alone what an economy without it might look like. But it's also clear that some of the drivers of inequality are costly, too (like our prison system). And the U.S. would save money — another factor not included in the PolicyLink analysis — if more families had stable incomes and required fewer public benefits, like welfare or food stamps.
There's one more complicating factor in this question: Demographics themselves are rapidly changing. As the country inches closer to becoming majority-minority, the potential economic benefits of racial equality will grow. Or, rather, the cost of inequality will grow, too. It probably won't be $2 trillion on the dot in some kind of GDP equity dividend. But it would likely be some number worth aiming for.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Protesters allege job discrimination by Ferrara CandyProtesters allege hiring discrimination by Ferrara Candy
Hiring practices lead to candy company protest
African American workers claim Ferrara Candy Company treats them and Mexican immigrants like second class citizens. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)
African American workers claim Ferrara Candy Company treats them and Mexican immigrants like second class citizens. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)
By Alejandra Cancino and Jessica Wohl, Chicago Tribune
Protesters claim job discrimination by Ferrara Candy
Job discrimination alleged at Ferrara Candy
Workers and community leaders claiming discrimination against African-Americans by Ferrara Candy and temporary-employment agencies protested Tuesday morning at the candy-maker's Forest Park factory.
0
Twenty-five people wanted to speak via phone with Ferrara CEO Todd Siwak, who is at the company's Oakbrook Terrace headquarters. But ultimately, they handed the plant manager a letter asking for an end to discrimination in hiring, fair treatment on the job, reliable work schedules and a clear path to direct employment, among other things.
Plant manager John Conversa promised to deliver the letter to the CEO.
Charles Perry, director of community organizing for Westside Health Authority, which helps connect workers with jobs, said some of the black workers it helps have complained about being fired or sent home for small infractions.
For example, a worker was sent home last week for being unshaven, he said. He added that workers have received beard guards in the past, and that this worker wasn't offered one.
The plant manager said the company's policy prohibits its temporary workers from having beards. He added that beard guards are only for workers hired directly by Ferrara.
Perry said that since the suit was filed last year, black workers have been hired but not treated the same as Hispanics. Redmond said workers keep making similar allegations.
The lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, was brought in federal court in Chicago by three black workers against Ferrara and two staffing agencies alleging they applied for jobs at Ferrara through staffing agencies but were denied employment based on their race. Parties in that lawsuit were discussing a settlement, according to court documents.
Five complaints alleging discrimination have been filed against Ferrara with the Illinois Department of Human Rights since 2012, the department said. Two women who brought cases regarding gender, perceived sexual orientation, sex discrimination and retaliation withdrew the charge in 2012 and asked the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to investigate. The EEOC declined to comment Monday.
"Ferrara has a policy of treating its employees and prospective employees with fairness, equality and respect. As a matter of policy, Ferrara does not comment on ongoing litigation," a Ferrara spokesperson said.

Stocks Rise on Climb in Profits  Confidence IndexThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

NOAA snow and ice Web site down for 8 days and countingUpdate, 9:31 a.m., Wednesday: Although the National Ice Center Web site contains a giant message stating “Site is down due to unscheduled maintenance”, data products appear to current and updating – signaling the end of the outage.
Screenshot of National Snow and Ice Data Center, 9:30 a.m. October 29
Update, 8:52 a.m, Wednesday: The National Ice Center Web site remains down, for a 9th consecutive day.  “NOAA is working to address any web site disruptions,” said John Leslie, a NOAA spokesperson. “We are directing users to contact our Help Desk to assist with any user access concerns.”
The snow cover data feed used by Rutgers Global Snow Lab appears to have been restored.
Original post, from 1:21 p.m. Tuesday
For more than a week, NOAA’s National Ice Center Web site and related data feeds have been down, cutting off access to snow and ice information important for weather forecasters, researchers and other interests.
The non-operational Web site is linked to a  system outage that stopped the flow of various types of NOAA satellite data early last week , which NOAA officials said was due to “unscheduled maintenance”.
The National Ice Center (NIC) Web site, while hosted on NOAA web servers, is also supported by the U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard through a partnership. The military’s participation is related to its interest in maintaining navigation safety, which ice conditions can impact. “NIC is the only agency in the world that monitors and analyzes ice conditions across the entire globe,” describes a NOAA Web site .
The system outage, which affected international weather forecast models and the availability of NOAA satellite imagery for two days, was largely contained by Friday of last week – when most data flow was restored.  However, the National Ice Center Web site and related data feeds stopped functioning on Monday, October 20 and remain down.
“It’s very disruptive for me,” said Judah Cohen, director of seasonal forecasting at Atmospheric and Environmental Research (AER), who relies on information about Northern Hemisphere snow cover for preparing his winter outlook for clients. “It would be nice if they [NOAA] put a message out there to say what the problem is… It’s a complete blackout.”
Related: Fall snow bonanza in North America and Siberia may portend brutal winter
Screenshot of National Ice Center Web site, on October 18, 2014, before it came down
Rutgers University Global Snow Lab Web site , which provides snow cover data and imagery on for researchers and forecasters, has not been able to update its products since October 20 due to the outage.
“[The outage] stopped our receipt of the daily information,” said David Robinson, director of Global Snow Lab . “As such we can’t produce our base maps and anomaly maps until we get the feed re-established.”
A message on the Global Snow Lab Web site dated October 20 reads: “NOTICE: Daily snow extent updates incomplete due to outage at National Ice Center [www.natice.noaa.gov]. Maps will be restored when data becomes available.”
Screenshot of Rutgers Global Snow Lab Web site
As of the time of publication of this posting, NOAA had not responded to two requests for information regarding the status of the National Ice Center Web site and related data feeds.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

Your favorite candy probably has bugs in it  and thats really okayBugs -- they make our food red . And that's totally fine.
If you think that "red" is the best flavor of candy (which it obviously is) then you've got to face the facts: The most natural way your candy could be colored is using ground-up cochineal insects.
These little critters have been dyeing things red for a long, long time. The Aztecs reportedly used them to dye vibrant fabrics. Now, the bugs are harvested from South American prickly pear plantations, dried, and crushed, with about 70,000 insects yielding a pound of dye. You can see photos of the process at Business Insider , or watch the video above to see the pigment come to life.
Like many bug-based additives, this red dye used to be listed as just another "natural color" on ingredient lists. But since some people are allergic to cochineal insects, the dye is now listed separately as carmine. Because people can find it in an ingredient list, they sometimes get a little grossed out by its presence -- or demand its removal . In 2012, Starbucks stopped using the dye after complaints.
But carmine isn't cause for concern in most people. From Live Science :
Aside from its role as an allergen, cochineal has no known health risks, although those who keep kosher or choose not to eat animal products will want to keep their distance. In addition to food, cochineal is used as a dye in cosmetics products, including lipstick, and at least one person has reported a severe allergic reaction to a cochineal dye used in a pill coating.
Reactions to carmine seem to be severe, but extremely rare. So unless you're allergic, just enjoy your buggy treats.
Besides, basically everything you eat is full of bugs anyway : The Food and Drug Administration reports that chocolate can have as much as 60 insect fragments per 100 grams before they'll take action. So this Halloween, embrace the benefits of bug eating and just enjoy your candy.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

How to distract your wife during labor: A master class by British pop star Robbie WilliamsRobbie Williams well before all those song-and-dance videos emerged from the delivery suite. (Leon Neal/AFP/Getty Images file)
British singer Robbie Williams is winning at this pregnancy thing.
His wife’s pregnancy, that is.
Now, if you’re reading this in the United States and you have no idea who Robbie Williams is, it’s okay. Here’s a quick primer: Williams was a member of the British boy band Take That back in the 1990s. As a solo star, he became a one-hit wonder in the United States with the song “Angels .” It reached No. 53 on the Billboard Top 100 — but that was basically the extent of the singer’s fame on this side of the pond.
After reading this post, the next time you hear that song might be at a funeral . On the other hand, in the United Kingdom, Robbie Williams is a huge star.
Got it? Good. Let’s move on to the fact that Williams and his wife, actress Ayda Field, hatched an impressively creative plan to bring their unborn child into the world with a few laughs.
Williams began semi-live-tweeting his wife’s labor from the hospital room on Monday evening.
“When Ayda goes into labour she comes correct,” he tweeted along with a photo of Field wearing Ruby Slipper-style Louboutins.
When Ayda goes into labour she comes correct ; ) RW x pic.twitter.com/BjikS91e3s
— Robbie Williams (@robbiewilliams) October 27, 2014
Cute dad humor. Fair enough.
But Williams really caught our attention with bedside lip-syncing and a solo dance party. His wife did not appear to be amused, but her annoyance seemed a bit suspicious for two reasons: a) she’s an actress; and b) she’s married to this guy.
— Robbie Williams (@robbiewilliams) October 27, 2014
Then came the pop star’s rendition of “Let it Go” from Disney’s “Frozen.” At this point, we were pretty convinced that either his wife is the greatest actress known to man — perfectly faking it for the world in the middle of labor — or her husband was indeed successfully distracting her from the worst of her labor pains.
"Frozen" RW x https://t.co/dmGhbqElHE
— Robbie Williams (@robbiewilliams) October 27, 2014
Several videos and tweets later, Williams and Field  released a final video announcing the birth of their second child, an 8-pound, 2-ounce, so-far-unnamed son.
“The universe just presented itself to us again, and it’s been a very emotional, amazing few hours,” Williams said. “And we’re really happy and honored that you experienced the journey with us.”
He continued: “We started off with the idea of the shoes — the Louboutins – then it just snowballed from there. Of course, everything that we’ve done has been a bit of a laugh, and it’s helped Ayda get through…take her mind off the pain. It’s made the whole experience really magical and whimsical.”
Importantly, they added: “No mommies were upset or harmed in the making of these videos.” Indeed.
You can watch more of Williams’s amusing delivery-room videos here .
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Secretary Kerry Delivers Remarks in Canada on Slain SoldierRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Calif. AG: 18.5 Million Residents  Info ExposedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Santelli: Weak demand at 2-year not sale
Oops! Elizabeth Warren mixes up Vermont and New Hampshire on The ViewBy Aaron Blake October 28 Follow @aaronblakewp
Bill Clinton and Michelle Obama called Bruce Braley   Bruce "Bailey." And then the first lady mucked up just how long Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo.) has been a Coloradan .
Now another top Democratic surrogate, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), has flubbed another basic fact about a top Democratic Senate candidate. Appearing on "The View" on Tuesday, she referred to Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) as a senator and former governor from neighboring Vermont.
A slip of the tongue, of course, and we're guessing plenty of Americans mix up Vermont and New Hampshire, at least on the U.S. map. But Warren is from a state that borders both of those states, and the man she beat in 2012, former senator Scott Brown (R), is challenging Shaheen in the Granite State.
It also suggests that Warren hasn't exactly been studying the politics of New Hampshire intently with an eye toward running for president 2016.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Panty raid: DHS agents bust lingerie shop for allegedly using Royals logoBy Josh Hicks October 28 Follow @reporter_hicks
A few items that caught our attention on Tuesday:
Panty raid — DHS busts novelty-underwear shop: Undercover Department of Homeland Security agents on Tuesday entered a boutique lingerie store in Kansas City and confiscated cotton panties bearing the phrase “Take the Crown” and an artistic rendering of the Royals logo. The agents said the “K” and “C” on the underpants were touching, and therefore counted as copyright infringement, according to a Vice Sports report .
Undercover DHS agents busted a lingerie store in Kansas City for alleged copyright infringement after the shop created panties bearing a logo similar to the one used by the Kansan City Royals. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
Report shows mass surveillance of U.S. mail by authorities: The U.S. Postal Service reported that it approved nearly 50,000 requests last year from law enforcement agencies and its own inspection division to secretly monitor the mail of Americans for use in criminal and national security investigations. The number of requests, much higher than previously disclosed, was revealed in a 2014 inspector general’s audit of the mass-surveillance program, according to a New York Times report .
Inside Afghanistan’s largest prison, funded by U.S. taxpayers, rife with problems and still incomplete: The U.S. watchdog on Afghanistan reconstruction said in a report on Tuesday that the State Department cancelled its $20.2 million contract for the facility after about half of the work was completed — even though it had already paid $18.5 million. The prison is also overcrowded, poorly built, and the contractor, Al-Watan Construction Company, is accused of cutting corners, according to an article from The Washington Post’s Checkpoint blog .
U.S. health official says states can exercise freedom with Ebola isolation: U.S. health official Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, declined to criticize strict new Ebola-quarantine policies that states such as New Jersey, New York and Illinois have implemented in recent days. He said on ABC’s “Good Morning America” that states have a right “to go the extra mile” if they wish, according to an Associated Press article .
How the U.S. sends 1 million homeless kids to school each year: More than one million homeless children each year attend public school in the United States through an assistance program borne out of the 1987 McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, the first and only major congressional  response to homelessness, according to an About News report .
Social media may become part of federal security-clearance process: The Office of the Director of National Intelligance has been trying to determine whether the U.S. government should do automated online searches on people who hold security clearances as part of its efforts to strengthen the screening program after a series of recent security breaches involving federal contractor employees such as Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis and National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden, according to a Federal News Radio article .
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Toki Underground + Taco Bamba = Taco UndergroundBy Maura Judkis October 28 Follow @MauraJudkis
Chef Erik Bruner-Yang. (Photo by Kyle Gustafson)
Call it Taco Underground. Toki Underground chef Erik Bruner-Yang will do a guest stint Wednesday at chef Victor Albisu's Taco Bamba , where he'll be making Asian-inspired tacos and flautas.
Two of his fusion creations include the Amara's Taco, $4, with chorizo laab and crispy beef tendon; and the Nak-Yang flautas, $6, which add a hit of creamy queso to the beef tendon and chorizo laab. Bruner-Yang will only be present in the shop Oct. 29, but the tacos will remain on the menu through Nov. 16.
  Taco Bamba , 2190 Pimmit Dr., Fairfax. 703-639-0505. 
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide.

Paul Pierce still cant stand LeBron James and other Eastern Conference foesBy Scott Allen October 28 Follow @ScottSAllen
(Cliff Owen/AP)
The Wizards open the regular season Wednesday at Miami and the 7:30 tip-off time will require veteran Paul Pierce to stay up past his bedtime. The 37-year-old forward discussed his new sleeping habits and lamented the bygone days when NBA players genuinely disliked one another during a Tuesday appearance with ESPN Radio’s Mike & Mike .
“You definitely gotta get more rest as an older player than you did when you were young,” Pierce said. “You’re young, full of energy, you’re out, up late, watching movies or out hanging out with your friends. Now, I’m in bed at 9 o’clock. I’ve got three beautiful kids that wear me out after I get home from practice. I think that’s a good thing so I’m able to get my rest.”
Staying in the Eastern Conference could also prove beneficial for Pierce’s energy levels this season. Pierce, who spent last season with the Brooklyn Nets after playing the first 15 seasons of his career with Boston, figured he would reunite with his former coach Doc Rivers in Los Angeles, but he wound up with the Wizards instead.
“The East I don’t think is as strong as the West, obviously,” Pierce said. “But I felt like joining Washington, I think we’ll be one of the top three or four teams in the Eastern Conference and we won’t have to have dogfights every night like you have in the Western Conference.”
Staying in the Eastern Conference also means another potential playoff clash with old nemesis LeBron James. When asked for his thoughts on players helping orchestrate the creation of superteams, as James did in Miami with Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh, and again this offseason in Cleveland with Kevin Love, Pierce discussed the changing culture of the NBA.
“This is a different era,” Pierce said. “Guys are playing a lot more together in the summer. You see more friendships in the league. It’s not like in the 80s when you had enemies, or you couldn’t stand this guy, and there were fights all the time. These guys, they all get along. It’s a new generation. They all want to play with each other, they all want to win. They’re in USA Basketball all summer, they play in the summer leagues all summer, so they get to know one another and they try to join one another and try to win a championship. It’s a new era that we’re seeing and this is the way it’s going to be, guys, we’ve just gotta accept it.”
“Now Paul, you’re a little more from the old era even though you’re in the new era,” co-host Cris Carter interjected. “…You bring some fire to LeBron and them. I’ve seen you say some things to LeBron.”
“I still can’t stand none of these guys,” Pierce said. “I want to beat all of them.”
Pierce isn’t in D.C. to make friends, you guys. If his preseason dust-up with Chicago’s Joakim Noah was any indication, it should be a fun year.
(Michael Dwyer/AP)
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Remembering Terri LaMannoBy Diana Reese October 28 Follow @dianareese
Alissa, Gian, Jim and Terri LaManno on a family trip to the Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado. (Courtesy of Jim LaManno)
Terri LaManno never wanted to be the center of attention. She was content to live out her life in anonymity.
That changed one stormy Sunday afternoon in April when the 53-year-old got out of her car in the parking lot of Village Shalom, in Overland Park, Kan., to visit her mother in the center’s assisted living facility. She was fatally shot.
Her two sisters were there that day as well and didn’t realize that LaManno was on her way. Although they saw the police cars and ambulance and even heard there’d been a shooting, they didn’t realize their sister was the victim.
Just minutes before, 14-year-old Reat Underwood and his 69-year old grandfather, William Corporon , were killed in front of the nearby Jewish Community Center.
A white supremacist from the hills of southern Missouri, 200 miles away, has been charged with capital murder in their deaths.
LaManno, Underwood and Corporon were recognized posthumously by the Anti-Defamation League on Monday at the annual Concert Against Hate, along with Jacqueline Murekatete , a Rwandan genocide survivor and human rights activist, and  Billy Mills , an Olympic gold medalist and Native American.
The ADL’s Kay Family Award came “totally out of the blue,” said William J. LaManno, a Kansas City, Mo., dentist who goes by Jim. He and Terri would have celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary just two days after her death.
Now he wants the world to know his wife’s story.
I talked with him and other members of Terri LaManno’s family, but I also have her own words from a five-page autobiography she wrote during a Catholic Church retreat about a month before her death. It was found in her car.
“When I think of words to describe myself now, I think courageous, strong, and somewhat confident, assertive and capable,” she wrote. “Life experiences do mold us. But fortunately the clay is pliable!!”
One of those life experiences for Terri LaManno was an accidental pregnancy before she and Jim LaManno married. She hadn’t finished her nursing degree yet; she considered her options, even making a list of pros and cons, as she wrote, and “came up with a solution that would do the most good. The Christ-like thing to do as my father would say.”
It was “the loneliest time” of her life as Terri LaManno moved to St. Louis to finish college and give birth. Her daughter was adopted by a couple who had been trying to have a family for 10 years.
During the summer of 2013, Jen Handler, who’d grown up in St. Louis and had always known she was adopted, started feeling a strong urge to locate her birth mother. She contacted Catholic Charities, which had overseen the adoption, and in September left “the world’s most awkward voice mail” when she called Terri LaManno.
The LaMannos and Handler met exactly a year ago Monday. What followed is described by Handler as “one big miracle.” She not only located her birth mother but her birth father as well, and the only child discovered two siblings.
“The whole family are loving, amazing people,” she said. Over the Thanksgiving holiday, they got “to know each other as family.” Handler’s adoptive parents were involved as well. At Christmas, Handler gave Terri LaManno a scrapbook of pictures from her childhood.
It was “such a miracle” to reconnect, Handler said. She describes Terri LaManno as “a force of calm” adding, “She had a huge influence on me to stop and think about things.”
She doesn’t want Terri to be remembered as a saint — as it’s so easy to do with good people who die too young. “I want her to be remembered for her life and what she did as a person….She made tough choices, and she persevered.”
Those closest to Terri LaManno agree that she was compassionate, empathetic, accepting and loving. I heard those words over and over.
She was the youngest of five children, growing up in Kansas City and attending parochial schools. It was a family that “valued family and a strong faith in God,” she wrote. Her childhood was marked by a speech impediment caused by a soft palate that was later corrected with therapy and surgery.
The LaMannos met through mutual friends. He said that he grew up in “a rough and tumble neighborhood” but that they had “a tremendous amount in common” and believed in “service before self.”
After their marriage, they had two children: Alissa, 24, who graduated from Missouri State University in May and now works at a Kansas City hospital, and Gian, 21, a college student in Kansas. Although Terri LaManno quit work as a nurse to stay at home, she eventually went back to school to fulfill her dream of becoming an occupational therapist.
She thought of her job with the Children’s Center for the Visually Impaired, or CCVI, “as her ministry,” Jim LaManno said. “She loved what she did. Those kids were her kids.”
He’s set up a scholarship in his wife’s name to help visually impaired children get the occupational therapy services they need that aren’t always fully covered by school district budgets. His goal is to get the program fully funded so it will benefit generations of children.
Their son volunteered at CCVI and saw firsthand the effect of his mother’s work on children there. He told the story of how she saved a child’s life; she was making a home visit and the family’s baby struggled to breathe. Terri LaManno asked them to call 911 while she started CPR.
His mom, he said, brushed off any praise. “She said she was there at the right time,” Gian LaManno recalled.
He described his mother’s faith in his abilities. “I have ADHD,” he said. “But she never stopped believing that I would do well in school.”  She was thrilled when he brought home his first report card, with all A’s. “She was so excited and so proud of me when I became a resident assistant.”
“Every day I feel her presence in some way,” Alissa LaManno said of her mom. The beautiful fall weather reminds her of how her mother hated the cold. “She would wait until the last minute to switch out her closet” of winter and summer clothes.
“She saw the good in life, and that hasn’t always been my mentality,” Alissa LaManno said. But she’s trying.
They’re all trying to go on each day.
“I’ve shed a million tears, and I’ll shed a million more,” Jim LaManno said. He struggles with the hate that fueled the shooting. “How can someone take the lives of people they don’t even know? For the rest of my life, I will think about that.”
“It’s so pointless,” David Friedman, director of the Anti-Defamation League’s Washington regional office, said of the shooting that took three lives on Palm Sunday. “It was so ruthless and cold. There was no reason.”
Diana Reese is a journalist in Overland Park, Kan. Follow her on Twitter at @dianareese .

Our incoherent copyright law  contdBy David Post October 28
Remember Aereo?  The Internet service streaming over-the-air TV broadcast programming to consumers over the Internet that the Supreme Court, last June, determined was infringing the networks’ copyrights ?  It was back in court this week.  The Supreme Court’s decision (over 3 dissenters) hinged on its conclusion that (a) Congress intended, in the Copyright Act, to include re-transmission of over-the-air signals by “cable systems” as infringements of copyright; (b) given Aereo’s “overwhelming likeness” to cable systems, “the many similarities between Aereo and cable companies,” and the inability to “distinguish Aereo’s system from cable systems,” (c) Aereo was infringing the broadcasters’ copyrights.
So Aereo took the next logical step:  the Copyright Act not only says that cable system re-transmissions are infringing, but it also, importantly, provides them with a compulsory statutory license, at a fixed rate, to do so, in sec. 111 of the Act.  That is, Congress didn’t merely make cable systems liable for infringement – it provided them with a defense to an infringement claim (provided that they paid the statutorily-set royalty to the copyright owners).  So Aereo said, in effect:  OK, if we’re a cable system, we can (like other cable systems) continue to re-transmit these signals to our customers (just like the cable companies do), so long as we pay the royalty.
Not so fast, the federal court in the Southern District of NY held the other day; Aereo, it held, may be a “cable system” for purposes of determining whether it is infringing, but it’s not a “cable system” for purposes of determining eligibility for the statutory license.  It’s bizarre and counter-intuitive – but just the latest small example of how the Copyright Act is an incoherent mess.  Perfectly timed to coincide with a presentation I’m about to give tomorrow at Cardozo Law School (New Yorkers take note) on “Our (Somewhat) Incomprehensible Copyright Act.”
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Bangalore deals with tech addictionUpdated: October 27, 2014 19:13 IST
Bangalore deals with tech addiction
BHUMIKA K.
AP LOG OUT Of the virtual world and get back to the real world PHOTO: AP
LOG OUT The vital stats of the battles we fight Graphic courtesy: SHUT Clinic
TOPICS
technology (general)
Service for Healthy Use of Technology, or SHUT clinic, one of the premier technology de-addiction and counselling clinics in the country, is seeing mostly teenagers hooked to the internet and mobile texting
Seventeen-year-old Rajath (name changed) is a PUC 2 dropout. He would rather spend about 10 to 12 hours a day at the cyber café playing games on the internet than do anything else. His family is at their wits’ end to deal with his lack of interest in everyday life, his refusal to talk with them (except to boast that he’s not lost a single game till now), his lack of even something basic like sleep, and more worryingly, his tendency to steal to pay for his cyber café sojourns. His parents finally decided to seek help and came around to Bangalore’s now famous SHUT clinic.
But it’s not all rosy yet. After a few sessions of assessment, when he was asked to pick up a hobby, get back to college, he started refusing to change. “I am still making an effort to motivate him to come for sessions whenever he calls,” says Dr Manoj Kumar Sharma, professor, Department of Clinical Psychology NIMHANS, and counsellor at SHUT.
SHUT or Service for Healthy Use of Technology was a clinic set up by the country’s premier mental health institution National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (NIMHANS) in April 2014 to help people cope with the overpowering and sometimes destructive presence of technology in their life, mainly mobiles and the Internet.
“Internet gaming addiction among teenagers is the single biggest problem we have come across at the clinic. The next big thing is Facebook addiction, in particular, and social media addiction in general. Pornography and mobile texting follow next in terms of numbers,” says Dr Sharma. They define addiction using four Cs as markers — Craving (continuous desire to engage in it), Control (not able to reduce it), Compulsion (where one feels one just has to use information technology) and Consequences (experiencing effects - physical or psychological). But then, most people today would qualify for it? “I agree that today we do most of our work online. But are you able to involve in other activities too? That’s how we define it. Can you sit around and chat with your family without checking your phone for messages? Can you eat dinner and have a face-to-face conversation without checking Facebook? Once your immediate family or caregiver start complaining that you’re online too often, then you need some screening,” he states.
The clinic has faculty from Clinical Psychology, Psychiatry, Psychiatric Social Work & Epidemiology working together. SHUT sees at least two or three persons at its clinic each day (twice a week) and most of them are in the age group of 14 to 19 years, says Sharma.
“Most are boys from the middle and upper socioeconomic status, and indulge in online activities on their smartphone, on the home computer, or at cyber cafés. Many like Facebook for the ‘feel good’ experience it offers, where there are no expectations from relationships.” The clinic also receives about four emails per week from other states of India enquiring about the possibility of online help or telephone counselling. To date they have counselled about 22 technology addicts.
Once a person approaches the SHUT clinic for help (as of now its almost only teens brought in by parents, says Dr. Sharma), he or she is assessed and screened for the kind of problem, and clinical interviews are conducted. “They are then motivated to control their usage and make lifestyle changes,” says Dr. Sharma. The addict first needs to accept that he has a problem. Then goals are set for the use of technology — time limits, how often and when and where technology can be accessed. Hobbies or “healthy activities” are suggested to replace technology. A strong support network of friends and family who are in on the plan is always a big help.
In 2013, a study conducted was conducted for the Indian Council of Medical Research (Sharma, Benegal, Rao & Thennarasu 2013) where 2755 people were interviewed using a door-to-door survey in an urban locality in Bangalore. The respondents were in an age group of 18 to 65 years (across socioeconomic groups). The study revealed that there was an addictive use for 1.3 per cent for the internet; 4.1 per cent for mobile phones; 3.5 per cent for social networking sites; 4 per cent for shopping; and about 2 per cent for online pornography and 1.2 per cent (offline & online) had gambling addiction. Internet and Facebook addiction was more among singles, and seen lesser in joint families. Eye strain and psychological distress (decreased sleep, irritability, and restlessness) were found — 6.8 per cent among mobile phone addicts; 4.2 per cent among Internet users and 3 per cent among those active on social networking sites. Teenagers showed dysfunctions in areas of academics, social life, and were seen losing out on recreational activities. Parents showed a lack of awareness about teenagers’ online behavior. The study also found that people turned to technology to manage boredom, and get a sense of “well being”, or due to family conflict and as a way to use free time!
SHUT Clinic runs every Saturday between 2.30 and 4.30 p.m. The clinic also runs a support group (to help addicts tackle the problem together, and so that they don’t feel they are facing this problem alone) which meets on the last Saturday of every month from 3 p.m. to 4.30 p.m. at the SHUT clinic, NIMHANS Centre for Well Being, 1/B, 9th Main, Ist stage, Ist Phase, BTM layout. Call 26685948/ 9480829670 or mail nimhans.wellbeing@gmail.com/ shutclinic@gmail.com

Supreme Court rejects Nithari convict Surinder Kolis review pleaNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:00 IST
Decks cleared for Nithari killer’s execution
J. Venkatesan
PTI The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the plea by Surinder Koli seeking review of the judgment upholding his death sentence in a Nithari murder case. File photo
TOPICS
court administration
The Supreme Court on Tuesday cleared the decks for the execution of Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli after it dismissed his plea seeking review of the judgment upholding death penalty.
A Bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu and Justices Madan B. Lokur and A.K. Sikri dismissed the review petition after hearing Ram Jethmalani, who argued that there was gross miscarriage of justice as Koli had been falsely implicated in the case.
Mr. Jethmalani argued that Koli was convicted only on the basis of his own confession, which could not be relied upon.
“One innocent life is more important than anything else. I am shocked that such a thing can happen in the judiciary as the prosecution had completely suppressed a vital document, viz. the autopsy report of a surgeon, which is a piece of evidence to prove Koli’s innocence,” he said.
Counsel pointed out that the surgeon, who performed the autopsy, was not examined during the trial.
He said it could be a case of organ trade and handiwork of a doctor, but an innocent person was being sent to the gallows.
The Chief Justice made it clear to counsel, “You are introducing new facts for the first time which is not permissible under the rules. We can’t entertain this review petition and we dismiss it.”
On September 8, the apex court stayed Koli’s execution pending disposal of the review petition in an open court. On September 12, the stay was extended till Tuesday. With the dismissal of the petition, it is now open to the jail authorities to execute the death sentence.

Govt to give black money holders list to SC tomorrow: JaitleyArun Jaitley
('The govt has no difficulty…)
NEW DELHI: The government will give the list of foreign account holders to the Supreme Court, finance minister Arun Jaitley said, adding that it will not seek to protect anyone.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the government to submit all the names by Wednesday, pulling it up for seeking modification of the court's order.
"The government has no difficulty in placing the entire list and the same will be placed before the court tomorrow," Jaitley told reporters, adding that the government had already given the list to the special investigation team (SIT) set up to probe the matter. "The very first decision in the cabinet was setting up of SIT in accordance with the SC directions," he said. He said the list will be given to the SC, but did not say if the government would make it public.
"The government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given (the list) to the court constituted special investigation team. The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law we must get to the root of the matter," he said. Jaitley said the government will try everything to bring back the black money and also take penal action against the offenders.
"The truth about these names and also these accounts must come out so that penal action can be taken against the people and the money lying there can be brought back to India," he said. "The government has no difficulty whatsoever with any agency investigating this matter because there is nobody the government wants to protect in this case so that those whose names have come must really be investigated and punished according to law."
Jaitley, however, said the government is keen that due procedure be followed. "The government is also keen that the procedure followed must be such so reciprocating countries cooperate with us," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With a bullet: Brazil  Alibaba and bearsSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Internet Corp. for Assigned Names and Numbers, a company charged with overseeing those who register Web addresses, is an increasing source of frustration with regulators who are trying to crack down on illegal Internet pharmacies . In 2012, complaints weren’t reviewed for months because an IT person left and one of its systems wasn’t maintained for months.
REUTERS/Sergio Perez

Softbank sees India Snapdeal investment as another AlibabaSoftbank sees India Snapdeal investment as another Alibaba
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 07.26PM IST
In just four years, Snapdeal, whose other investors include top global asset manager BlackRock, has risen to become India's biggest e-commerce marketplace with 25 million users.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI:Japanese technology giant SoftBank said it is hoping to replicate its success with China's Alibaba through its $627-million investment in leading Indian online marketplace Snapdeal.
SoftBank, a one-third owner of e-commerce giant Alibaba that just staged a record-breaking $25 billion initial public offer, has become the biggest single investor in the Indian online retail firm.
SoftBank, run by billionaire Masayoshi Son, has bought into the company which styles itself as an "Indian version" of Alibaba and has grown explosively in the country's fast-expanding e-commerce market.
It's part of a $10 billion Indian investment binge planned by the Japanese company in the next few years.
"Snapdeal has the potential to be the Alibaba of India," Son said.
In just four years, Snapdeal, whose other investors include top global asset manager BlackRock , has risen to become India's biggest e-commerce marketplace with 25 million users.
"Alibaba had a similar genesis to Snapdeal," Ankur Bisen, vice-president of retail consultancy Technopak, said, adding, "Snapdeal has demonstrated an ability to be a seriously scalable business."
Kunal Bahl , the 30-year-old co-founder of Snapdeal and its chief executive, said Tuesday that the portal was "thrilled" to ally with SoftBank.
While Snapdeal has grown quickly, the road to success was studded with false starts for Bahl and partner Rohit Bansal , self-confessed "tech geeks" and "serial entrepreneurs".
Bahl, who holds US engineering and business degrees, joined Microsoft out of school but was deported over visa problems.
He returned to India and teamed up with school-mate Bansal, an Indian Institute of Technology grad, and got involved in retailing.
"It was a bit of a sobering experience (getting deported) but it turned out way better than even an optimist could have expected," Bahl joked in an interview recently.
The pair launched several businesses and at one point wondered how they would pay wages. But they hit lucky when they went to China and, inspired by Alibaba, decided to create an online marketplace to help businesses reach a wider consumer base in India where real-estate costs deter expansion.
"We were late to enter the market but we've been in hyper-growth mode," said Bahl.
While Bahl has big ambitions for Snapdeal, it's still a sales minnow. Alibaba last year sold $248 billion in merchandise while Snapdeal hopes to crack the billion dollar sales mark next year.
Unlike a number of inventory-led Indian online retail portals, Snapdeal steers away from costly warehousing, Bahl explained.
"The business model is about simplicity." He was euphoric about e-commerce possibilities in India and for Snapdeal.
E-commerce represents just 0.8 per cent of India's retail pie, compared to seven percent in the US and 10 percent in China, according to Technopak.
"We've only just begun the journey. It's hard in someways to get one's head around the potential -- you just know it's humungus," Bahl grinned.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US consumer confidence rose in OctoberUS consumer confidence rose in October
AP Oct 28, 2014, 08.47PM IST
Tags:
aaa
(Job gains and falling gasoline…)
WASHINGTON: US consumer confidence rebounded strongly in October, hitting a seven-year high as solid job gains raised expectations for economic growth.
The Conference Board said Tuesday that its confidence index climbed to 94.5, the strongest reading since October 2007 and the start of the Great Recession a few months later. This month's gains reversed a revised decline to 89 in September from 93.4 in August.
Job gains and falling gasoline prices have helped to improve sentiment, despite muted economic growth in Europe and China that has fueled volatility in financial markets.
Consumer confidence has been trending higher from lows during the worst downturn since the 1930s. However, confidence still lags pre-recession highs more than five years into the recovery.
"At 94.5, the Conference Board index is up significantly from 73.2, on average, in 2013 and 67.1 in 2012," noted Jim O'Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency economics .
Steady hiring and fewer layoffs over the past 12 months have pushed unemployment lower. Employers added 248,000 jobs in September, helping to push the unemployment rate down to 5.9 per cent from as high as 7.2 per cent at the beginning of the year. The new jobs mean more paychecks, which should lead to more spending and overall economic growth.
Economists project that the gains should continue into October with the addition of 235,000 more jobs, according to the data firm FactSet.
The recent hiring has left more people optimistic about getting a raise. The Conference Board found in the survey for its confidence index that 17.7 per cent of consumers expect their incomes to improve, compared to 16.9 per cent in September. Meanwhile, the share of Americans expecting their income to drop fell to 11.6 per cent from 13.4 per cent.
Also, Americans are likely feeling less depleted after a trip to the gas pump. Average gas prices have fallen 31 cents in the past month to $3.03 a gallon, according to the AAA's Daily Fuel Gauge Report, freeing up cash to spend elsewhere.
Still, shopping has yet to accelerate, according to the Conference Board results.
"Plunging gas prices, strong job growth, and rising confidence should provide support for consumer spending in coming months, but for now the buying plans portion of the survey showed high levels of cautiousness continuing," said Morgan Stanley analyst Ted Wieseman in a client note.
Purchases of clothing dropped 1.2 per cent last month and spending on building materials fell 1.1 per cent, while auto-buying dipped after surging in August, the Commerce Department reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bangalore station becomes 1st to have WiFi f...Bangalore station becomes 1st station to have WiFi facility
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 08.32PM IST
Tags:
Bangalore station
(WiFi facility will be available…)
NEW DELHI: Bangalore City railway station has become the first station in the country to have WiFi facility for providing high speed internet to passengers.
WiFi facility will be available to the passengers on their mobile phones free of charges initially for a period of 30 minutes. For usage beyond 30 minutes, the user may purchase scratch cards, which will be made available at the WiFi Help Desk.
These are priced at Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for one hour and are valid through 24 hours. Additional browsing time can also be purchased on-line using credit/debit cards, a senior railway official said.
RailWire - the retail Broadband distribution model of RailTel Corporation of India Ltd, a PSU of Railway Ministry , is involved in distribution of internet bandwidth through WiFi.
"The WiFi facility at Bangalore is operational after the inaugural of the service by Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda recently," said the official adding that "with the implementation of the service, Bangalore railway station becomes the first station in the country to have WiFi facility for passengers."
RailTel has been mandated by Railways to provide WiFi facility at major stations, the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sharp launches Quattron Pro range of LEDTVsAvailable in 80-inch screens, Sharp’s new Quattron Pro Series of TVs are priced at Rs 8,99,990.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:36 pm
Sharp has launched its ‘Quattron Pro’ range of LED TVs in India. Quattron Pro technology generates 3,840 x 2,160 luminance peaks in total, which is the same as the number of luminance peaks in 4K models. Sharp claims its Quattron Pro technology to match the colour reproduction and resolution from usually much higher priced 4K TVs.
The Quattron Pro TV is able to display Full HD image signals, as well as Ultra HD image signals, through a 4K Upscaler to give the 4 colour technology. It comes with a resolution reconstruction circuit which converts the 4K signal to Quattron Pro signal with the original brightness and colour.
Available in 80-inch screens, Sharp’s new Quattron Pro Series of TVs are priced at Rs 8,99,990.

Intex launches portable BT speaker at Rs1890Intex BT Banjo is compatible with all the smartphones, tablets, PCs and automobiles.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 10:16 pm
Intex Technologies has launched its latest portable offering in the range called BT Banjo. The speakers are built to provide connectivity through Bluetooth and offers audio sound raging up to 3Wx2.
The speaker works with an input power of USB 5V DC and is compatible with all the smartphones, tablets, PC’s and automobiles. It can connect to devices in the vicinity of 10 meters through Bluetooth. It also offers TF card slot and AUX connectivity. BT Banjo is available in two colours Black and White at a price of Rs 1890.

Jabra launches Evolve professional headsets for noisy officeenvironmentsThe Jabra Evolve series consists of five models and is available at a starting price of Rs 3070.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:56 pm
Jabra has launched its Evolve series of professional headsets in India. The series consists of five headsets all purpose-built for noisy open office conditions, including features that signal when the user doesn’t want to be disturbed. The Jabra Evolve comes with a microphone boom arm discreetly integrating into the headband along with advanced noise-cancellation feature.
“Studies show that knowledge workers are interrupted every 10 minutes. The Jabra Evolve headsets create a complete personal concentration zone that boosts focus and work satisfaction for employees in increasingly open, loud and distracting workspaces,” said Kapil Manchanda, Managing Director, Jabra, India.
The Jabra Evolve series has five models – 20, 30, 40, 65 and 80. The new range will be sold through Jabra Business Solutions partners at a starting price of Rs 3070.
The series introduces large ear cushions with specially designed foam adapting the padding to the individual, blocking office noise. Furthermore, the flagship product Jabra Evolve 80 offers additional noise cancellation with an around the ear wearing style.
A busy light indicator is built into the headphones which signals availability to colleagues along with built-in Bluetooth capability for the Jabra Evolve 65. The headsets offers plug-and-play options for PCs or mobile devices for other models through USB and 3.5mm stereo jack stick outputs.

Cyclone Nilofar to hit Gujarat coast with reduced intensity:IMDThe cyclone which was still away from Kutch in Gujarat was getting weak and wind speed was around 67 km per hour.
Written by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:56 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:17 pm
As per the latest update of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), the very severe cyclonic storm ‘Nilofar’ has weakened which would further weaken as it would come closer to Gujarat coast and cross it as a marginal cyclonic storm with a wind speed of 60-70 kilometer per hour and a maximum speed of 80 kilometre per hour.
The very severe cyclonic storm Nilofar over west central Arabian sea moved North-North eastwards with a speed of 15 kilometre per hour during past 6 hours and lay centered at 870 kilometre west-southwest of Naliya and 870 kilometre south-southwest of Karachi in Pakistan, the IMD release stated.
Further, it would move north-northeastwards during next 12 hours and the northeastwards and cross north Gujarat and adjoining Pakistan coast around Naliya by October 31 night or early hours of November 1. “However, as the system would come closer to Gujarat coast it would weaken and cross as a marginal cyclonic storm with a speed of 60-70 kilometre per hour,” Ahmedabad’s centre of IMD deputy director Manorama Mohanty said.
With the landfall of cyclone, the state is expected to receive heavy to very heavy rainfall on October 31 and November 1.
Earlier, the system, which turned into a very severe cyclonic storm on Monday, lay about 1,080 km southwest of Naliya on Tuesday afternoon and 1,110 kms southwest of Karachi in Pakistan.
“It would move north­northwestwards during next 12 hours and then gradually recurve northeastwards and cross North Gujarat  and  adjoining  Pakistan coast around Naliya by   November 1 forenoon,” IMD said in a bulletin on Tuesday.
“However, as the system would come closer to Gujarat coast, it would weaken and cross the coast as a cyclonic storm,” it added.
Under the influence of this system, heavy to very heavy rainfall has been forecast along the coastal districts of Saurashtra and Kutch from October 31 night.
 
The Met has already asked authorities to hoist distant warning signal No 2 on all ports.
Cyclone ‘Nilofar’ comes just weeks after cyclone ‘Hudhud’ hit the Eastern states of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, causing extensive damage in Vishakapatnam.
“We have also asked the district collectors to take the help of NCC, NSS and local NGOs,” Pandey said.
About the plans for dealing with possible communication failures, he said the Centre had provided ten satellite phones. “Three out of the ten satellite phones will be used in Kutch region which is likely to be more affected,” he added.
Asked about the fishermen who are still at sea, he said “according to the Fisheries Commissioner, around 400 fishermen have come back to the coast. But they are in a queue as there is a problem of anchoring the boats. We have asked the Collector to deal with this situation.
Read:  Industries in Kutch to suspend production before Nilofar hits; 30,000 people to be evacuated
“We urge the people not to travel in the coastal regions of Gujarat including Kutch. We have also directed the district collectors to evacuate the tourists with the help of local police. No tourist will be permitted to travel in these areas during the severe cyclonic conditions,” Pandey said.
Satellite image of cyclone Nilofar (Source: IMD)
Meanwhile, the state’s chief secretary Varesh Sinha on Tuesday held a high-level meeting through video-conference with collectors and other officials.
Sinha asked the officers to identify places to accommodate evacuees and to ensure supply of food, water, medicines and generators.
The government has also asked the administration to evacuate salt pan workers and shut down the salt pan works.
Regarding the workers at ports, power plants and large industries, the state government has asked the respective managements to implement their on-site and off-site plans to control the movement of workers.
Sinha also asked the officers to make sure that people do not travel to pilgrimage sites in the coastal areas.
(With PTI inputs)

Elano Blumer  John Mendoza show sinks Mumbai CityFCBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 28, 2014 10:32 pm
Chennaiyin FC marquee player Elano Blumer and John Mendoza fired two goals each to steamroll a hapless Mumbai FC 5-1 and bounce back from their previous match defeat in the Hero Indian Super League in Chennai on Tuesday.
Brazilian Elano, with his two goals (ninth and 69th minutes) on Tuesday, became the highest goal scorer in the ISL and was adjudged the hero of the match, while Colombian Mendoza scored the third and fourth goals (40th and 44th). In between, Indian striker Jeje Lalpekhlua netted the second goal for Chennaiyin FC in the 26th minute.
For Mumbai, Syed Rahim Nabi scored the consolation goal in the 87th minute following a corner kick. In fact, Elano, who found the target from the penalty spot and from a free kick, could have scored on two other occasions also.
Chennaiyin FC manager-cum-player and 2006 World Cup winner Marco Materrazi took the field for the first time in the ISL and the home side controlled for most part of the match against the visitors who has lost their previous match at home at the hands of NorthEast United FC.
With Materrazi coming out to the huge delight of the Chennai fans, the home side showed better co-ordination and cohesion in both attack and defence than against Delhi Dynamos who had thrashed them 4-1 in their previous match at the national capital.
Indian cricket captain and co-owner of Chennaiyin FC, Mahendra Singh Dhoni was seen celebrating at each goal scored by his team.
Former France and Chelsea star Nicholas Anelka’s presence did not bring any change on the fortunes of the Mumbai side who have now lost three matches out of the four they have played so far.
Anelka was playing for the first time for Mumbai City FC as he was serving a five-match ban by Football Association in England for quenelle gesture in December while playing for West Bromwich Albion in the English Premier League.
With Materrazi deciding to take the field and manning the central defence, there was total transformation in the attitude of the home players who got the gaps at the Mumbai FC defence.
Throughout the first half, Mumbai players lacked the thrust at the midfield and the defenders played high upfront so often that they let a lot of space on the field between goalkeeper Subrata Paul and midfield.
The home side apparently noticed this and changed their strategy to apply pressure on the wings to find the openings.
Elano and Mendoza combined beautifully. Mendoza will hold onto the ball to move on the centre or snatch from the legs of Mumbai midfield and sped down the wings, mostly on the right.
Whenever he was tackled by the defenders, Elano would be the trump card to take the free-kick and Materrazi, who was substituted in the 58th minute by Bojan Djordjic, to go upfront to try and get the chance to score. This worked well for the home side.
Chennaiyin FC play Atletico de Kolkata in their next game at home on on November 4.

Black buck case: Witness identifies Sonali  Neelam TabuBy: Press Trust of India | Jodhpur | Posted: October 28, 2014 10:20 pm
A prosecution witness on Tuesday identified actresses Sonali Bendre, Neelam and Tabu in the 16-year-old black buck poaching case which allegedly took place in Kankani village near here.
Apart from the trio, Salman Khan and Saif Ali Khan are also accused in the poaching case of two black bucks, which allegedly took place on the intervening night of October 1-2, 1998.
Assistant Public Prosecutor Praveen Verma said witness Sheraram identified the actresses in the court, adding he had been living close to the spot, where the poaching took place.
“Sheraram, who was sleeping on the roof of his house, came down and followed the vehicle being driven by Salman Khan with a neighbour Mangilal on hearing the noise of the neighbours and gun shots,” said Verma.
According to Verma, Sheraram deposed before the court that when the vehicle took a turn and came back towards him, he tried to stop it but it did not.
“He told the court that it was then when he saw Salman Khan driving the vehicle with Saif Ali Khan sitting in the front seat and the three actresses sitting behind with them,” said Verma.
The cross examination of the witness by the counsels of the three actresses was completed on Tuesday.
Chief Judicial Magistrate (rural) Anupama Bijlanai ordered that the hearing will continue tomorrow.
Another witness Mangilal would also appear tomorrow. He had accompanied Sheraram in chasing the vehicle.
Sonali and Tabu had appeared earlier in the court in February last year for the identification by first prosecution witness Poonaram.
But he did not recognise any of them then. So far 10 prosecution witnesses have been produced in the court for cross examination in relation to the poaching of the two black bucks.

http://bit.ly/1pUPGUPUSA TODAY/TWITTER Political Issues Index
What is this?
This index tracks the daily volume of politics-related tweets on various subject areas, broken down by age, gender and geography. The hashtags shown are a sampling of common terms used for tweets in each category. The comparative volume of tweets is reflected in the size of the circles. State data is shown on a tweets-per-capita basis, and the District of Columbia is removed because its tweet volume drowns out others. The data for this visualization is provided by Twitter in aggregate with no identifying information for individual tweets. Where the volume of tweets for any state on a particular issue is too low to ensure the privacy of individual users, Twitter does not provide that data and the state does not appear in the index. For more information about the index, read this story .
Credits: Paul Singer, Katie Smith, Tory Hargro, Mitchell Thorson, USA TODAY
Source: Twitter

http://bit.ly/1pUUxFmPlasma TV Is Officially Dead
The last plasma manufacturer has thrown in the towel.
Lee Neikirk
October 28, 2014
LG Electronics has confirmed that it will end production of plasma TVs by the end of November, following a similar announcement by rival Samsung earlier this summer.
Reuters reports that a continuing decline in consumer demand for plasma TVs spurred LG's decision.
"No matter how much we try to keep [plasma] going, it's just not a business anymore."
The company will instead focus on its more popular LCD and OLED models, with LG's Ken Hong admitting that, "No matter how much we try to keep [plasma] going, it's just not a business anymore."
The move comes as little surprise. Plasma reached the height of its popularity around 2008, and has since steadily declined. LG's announcement comes almost one year to the day after Panasonic—by far the biggest maker of plasma panels— confirmed it was ending sales of its own plasma TVs, following a $10.2 billion loss on the technology in 2012.
With 4K and OLED TVs gaining more and more of a foothold in the displays market, there's simply no room for plasma.
For many home theater enthusiasts, plasma remains the gold standard for picture quality, offering deeper black levels, cleaner highlights, and more vibrant colors than LED models. But consumer fears over plasma-specific hardware issues like screen burn-in , combined with the brighter look of competing LED TVs, drastically hampered plasma's competitiveness in the mass market.
Consumer fears over burn-in, combined with the brighter in-store look of LEDs, contributed to plasma's demise.
Plasma's decline makes room for more advanced TV tech to pick up the picture quality crown. Samsung, for its part, will focus on 4K and curved models, while LG will doubtless continue to drop prices on its breathtaking new OLED displays. Panasonic was more invested in plasma tech than any other TV manufacturer, and after a rocky start to the year, it's fighting to return to prominence.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

US body launches investigation into Indian tradepoliciesBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:47 pm
A quasi-judicial US trade body today launched an investigation into significant changes made since mid-2014 by the new Indian government in its trade and investment policies.
The announcement in this regard by the US International Trade Commission (USITC) comes following a request made by the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Committee on Finance through a letter received on September 25.
The investigation is the second probe regarding India’s trade and investment policies requested by the two committees.
In 2013, the committees jointly asked the USITC, to investigate Indian policies that restrict US trade and investment. The USITC will submit its report in that investigation (Trade, Investment, and Industrial Policies in India: Effects on the U.S. Economy), to the committees on December 15.
In the request letter for the new probe, the committees stated, “Given the recent national elections in India and the formation of a new Bharatiya Janata Party-led government, and our interest in receiving the most comprehensive and up-to-date information possible, we now request that the Commission conduct a second investigation concerning India’s industrial policies that discriminate against US trade and investment since the first ITC investigation”.
As requested, in its new investigation, the USITC will provide information about any significant changes by the new Indian government to the trade and investment policies identified in the Commission’s ongoing investigation.
The USITC will also include information on any new relevant trade and investment policies and practices in India, focusing on the period from mid-2014, a media release said.
The USITC expects to deliver the report to the committees by September 24, 2015, the official statement said, adding that it will hold a public hearing in connection with this investigation on April 7, 2015.

Malaysia PM Najib Razak vows to bring MH17 culprits tojusticeMalaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak on Tuesday vowed to bring to justice the perpetrators of MH17.
By: Reuters | Dubai | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:24 pm
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak on Tuesday vowed to bring to justice the perpetrators of the downing of Airlines MH17, but said he feared fighting in Ukraine might block access to the crash site.
In an interview with Reuters in Dubai, Razak also said he hoped to see results over the coming months in the search for missing Malaysian jetliner MH370, bringing closer a solution to the world’s greatest aviation mystery. The plane veered off course and disappeared without a trace earlier this year.
Malaysia has been hit by two unprecedented aviation disasters this year – flight MH370’s disappearance in March and the downing of flight MH17 over Ukraine in July. Najib told Reuters Malaysia was determined to continue its search for answers for both.
“We want to pursue this (MH17 investigation) until its logical conclusion, which is to bring to justice the people responsible,” said Razak, speaking on the sidelines of an Islamic finance conference.
“It’s going to be a long, drawn-out process. But we need to do this. We need to show that whoever did it must pay the price. Because you cannot bring down a civilian aircraft … even if you give an excuse that it was unintentional.”
MH17 was en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur with 298 mostly Dutch passengers aboard when, it is widely suspected, a surface-to-air missile shot it down. Kiev blames separatist rebels in east Ukraine and accuses Moscow of arming them. The rebels and Moscow deny the accusations.
CRITICISM
A report by the Dutch safety board said in September that MH17 crashed after a “large number of high-energy objects” penetrated its fuselage.
Dutch authorities leading the investigation of the crash have come under criticism in the Netherlands from relatives of victims and lawmakers, who say not enough progress has been made in identifying who downed the plane. Officials say cold weather and continuing hostilities are making progress slow.
“Factions are still fighting each other and there are too many splinter groups, making it very risky for us … we cannot get access to the crash site and that is very frustrating,” Razak said. “I don’t think what we’re doing is adequate enough.”
Local emergency services made a start in October, recovering personal belongings from the crash site, after Razak personally negotiated a deal with the rebels to allow access to the bodies of passengers. He said the bodies of all but one passenger had been secured now.
HOPE FOR MH370 PROBE
Razak said he expects some results in the search for the missing jetliner MH370 after new technology was deployed to scan the ocean bed.
More than two dozen countries have been involved in the air, sea and underwater search for the missing Boeing 777, but months of searches have failed to turn up any trace, even after the search area was continued…

Stalin  Vaiko ready to meetUpdated: October 28, 2014 23:50 IST
Stalin, Vaiko ready to meet
B. Kolappan
DMK treasurer M.K. Stalin (left) and MDMK general secretary Vaiko.
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
As a first step towards giving shape to mega alliance against AIADMK
DMK treasurer M.K. Stalin, keen on knitting together a mega alliance against the AIADMK, is ready to meet Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam general secretary Vaiko as a first step towards giving shape to his plan.
While the MDMK side expects the meeting to take place at the wedding of the daughter of the former Union Minister Anbumani Ramadoss, at Mamallapuram, Mr. Stalin said he would be more than happy to meet Mr. Vaiko anywhere. “Of course, the wedding provides an opportunity for meeting various leaders. But he can always meet Mr. Vaiko anywhere,” sources said.
On the other hand, the MDMK leader said he was thankful to Mr. Stalin for his “kind words” about him in a recent television interview. Mr. Vaiko told The Hindu that as leaders who respected political etiquette, they would have no problem meeting each other.
Asked about Mr. Stalin hinting at a political realignment before the Assembly polls in the interview, Mr. Vaiko said elections were 18 months away and it would be “premature” to talk about electoral pacts at the moment.
Even though the MDMK is a part of the ruling National Democratic Alliance at the Centre, Mr. Vaiko is not able to maintain with the BJP the kind of rapport that he had with veteran leaders A.B. Vajpayee and L.K. Advani. His chances of joining the AIADMK alliance also look bleak as the ruling party in Tamil Nadu never misses an opportunity to criticise him.
Even on Monday, Namathu MGR, the AIADMK mouthpiece, ridiculed him saying he was headed yet again for ‘Anna Arivayalam,’ DMK headquarters.

http://usat.ly/1wJ5YaJEMAIL
Getty
Twitter (TWTR) investors are trying hard to figure out what’s wrong with the stock. But it really comes down to one number: 175.
Twitter is just one of 16 stocks in the broad Russell 1000 sporting an astoundingly high price-to-earnings ratio of 150 or more, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Investors might be willing to pay lofty P-E ratios, but when valuations get to 150 or more it can get increasingly difficult to justify the price. And what’s even more amazing is that these stocks’ P-Es are this high based on expected adjusted earnings over the next 12 months. That means these stocks have these lofty P-Es even if they grow as expected.
Twitter is the best-known example of a stock with a sky-high valuation. True, shares are down 9% to $44.14 Tuesday after investors were disappointed with the company’s profit report Monday. But here’s the problem. Analysts expect the company to post an adjusted gain of 25 cents a share over the next 12 months. If the company hits that earnings number, it would be a impressive 400% increase from adjusted earnings the past 12 months. But even after that growth, Twitter’s stock still would have a P-E of 175.
The P-E of Twitter is high, but it’s not the highest by any means. The Russell 1000 stock with the highest forward P-E is Incyte(INCY) , a biotech company. Analysts are calling for the company to earn $0.003 a share on an adjusted basis over the next 12 months. That means the stock has a P-E of 17,654 based on Tuesday’s stock price of $58.26.
Amazon.com, too, is another pricey stock that’s been beat up. Shares of the e-commerce company are still trading for 959 times the 31 cents a share analysts say the company will earn on an adjusted basis over the next 12 months.
And don’t just think that Internet and social media stocks have ridiculous valuations by definition. Facebook (FB) , the leader in the industry, has a high P-E at 44, but it’s still well below 150. And some Internet stocks aren’t included since they’re expected to lose money.
Will all these stocks correct over time? Time will tell. But certainly, these are stocks with huge valuations to justify.
RUSSELL 1000 STOCKS WITH THE HIGHEST FORWARD P-E RATIOS (BASED ON ADJUSTED EPS ESTIMATES)
Company

NSEL crisis: Govt mulls board changes for merged entityBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Satyam: Court may set judgement date on Oct 30BMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Airbus and Tata team up to bid for transport planes for IAFBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Trilokpuri: A desert in the midst of many oasesComments
Having lived a stone's throw from Trilokpuri for over a decade, I have passed through its dingy byways on dozens of occasions. And stones were thrown, shops burnt and vehicles damaged in those very alleys of this east Delhi colony when communal tensions flared last week. While the police now say the clashes were sparked and stoked by a series of accidental occurrences and canards, some residents refuse to believe this, saying these are counter-rumours to soothe frayed nerves.
Policemen patrol a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
"There are no coincidences and accidents. The area has been simmering for years. Ab dekhna ye hai ki aag ko hawa kisne di (We need to find out who fanned the flames)," said a local retailer who did not wish to be named.
To many, Trilokpuri is like a desert in the middle of the oases that are the three divisions of the upmarket Mayur Vihar locality. The privileged neighbours were initially oblivious of the occurrences in the colony of daily-wage workers. But the situation became all too real when the maids didn't show up and the vegetable carts disappeared from the streets. Fewer autorickshaws on the roads during peak hours drove home the point.
"The grocery shops in the area were closed. I have been buying my monthly supplies from there for years now; it's cheaper. I had to drive six kilometres to a wholesale convenience store," a fellow Mayur Vihar resident lamented his inconvenience.
Read: Many rumours that sparked Trilokpuri riots
The Rashomon effect is palpable in Trilokpuri these days. The truth has many versions and faith is at a premium. "We didn't start the fire," say members of both communities as they wait for a semblance of normalcy to return. History is against them, though. This resettlement colony that was created by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi for slum dwellers displaced in the Emergency era turned into a killing field after her assassination in 1984. No lives were lost this time, although dozens of inhabitants have marks on their bodies and stories on their lips.
"It's all politics," says an auto driver from the area after haggling over the fare. "We voted for the AAP in the last assembly polls hoping for change. But nothing ever changes here; not for the better, anyway."
Read: Drunks triggered riots in Trilokpuri, say police
East Delhi has come a long way since its "Jamunapaar" days about three decades ago. Roads have become wider, buildings bigger and pockets deeper. Some of the finest schools, hospitals and malls in the city now lie this side of the Yamuna. But, while boasting about the development narrative of east Delhi, most residents vaunt the opulent 'Vihars' - Mayur Vihar, Preet Vihar, Vivek Vihar - and leave out the inelegant 'Purs' and 'Puris' - Kalyanpuri, Trilokpuri, Seelampur. "Mind the gap," says the Metro as it tunnels its way to newer territories.
Trilokpuri, situated a few kilometres away from the headquarters of most national media organisations, has put the focus back on the many divides that define Delhi and India like no Muzaffarnagar ever could. We like to flaunt our syncretism to the world. But the danger is, instead of becoming a society without classes, we may turn into a society without class.

SC slams Centre  asks it to reveal all names of black money account holders by tomorrowSupreme Court pulls up Centre over black money, asks it to submit full list of names today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:59 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Wednesday, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
Sternly rejecting the Centre’s argument that revealing the identity of legal account holders would amount to breach of privacy, a special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu said, “Don’t give us your list... but the names given to you by France and Germany. If it breaches confidentiality, let it be.”
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
“Why are you taking the trouble to investigate? We have taken the responsibility to bring back the (black) money and we will decide the future course (of action),” the CJI said when attorney general Mukul Rohatgi argued that a modification was imperative as the court order was acting as a hindrance in signing future tax treaties.
The top law officer, who denied the government was shielding anybody, offered to give the names to the court-appointed special investigating team (SIT) after completion of the probe.
But the court retorted, “It (probe) will never happen during our time. You don’t verify. Just pass (on) the information to us. We will ask the SIT or income tax department or probably the CBI to investigate… Let SIT declare the accounts don’t have a tinge of black money. If the money is hard-earned, nobody will insist it be brought back.”
Read: Govt discloses eight names to SC, no politician in first list
Bowing to the court’s direction, Rohatgi later told HT, “There are over 600 names in the list — we will give the entire list in sealed cover to the court. I’m sure the court will take appropriate steps to maintain their confidentiality.”
“The government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it (the list) to the court, and the government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given it to the court-constituted SIT,” finance minister Arun Jaitley also told the media.
“The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law, we must get to the root of the matter and the truth about these names as also these accounts must come out.”
The court’s direction came a day after the Centre filed an affidavit giving the names of seven individuals and a mining company who have allegedly stashed black money abroad and are facing prosecution for tax evasion under the Income Tax Act.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter. Accusing the BJP of protecting such people, he also tweeted, “If BJP discloses all black money holders’ names, then who will give them money to fight elections in some states and buy MLAs in others?”
The Congress, on its part, said the court order had exposed the Centre’s “lame excuses” on disclosure of names and vindicated its stand that there should not be partial and selective leaks. “During the Lok Sabha election campaign, BJP leaders were declaring from the rooftops that black money stashed abroad would be brought back within 100 days. But when it came to declaring the names, they just released three,” general secretary Ajay Maken said.

Nurse who had Ebola being released from hospitalAmber Vinson, a nurse who fueled Ebola fears by flying to Cleveland after being infected by her dying patient in Dallas, is now virus-free.
By: Associated Press | Atlanta | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:14 am
Amber Vinson, a nurse who fueled Ebola fears by flying to Cleveland after being infected by her dying patient in Dallas, is now virus-free, and was celebrated Tuesday by her caregivers as courageous and passionate before getting out of the hospital.
Another nurse who was held for days against her will in a medical tent in New Jersey after volunteering in West Africa was in an undisclosed location in Maine on Tuesday, objecting to both states’ Ebola quarantine rules as overly restrictive.
While world leaders appeal for more doctors and nurses on the front lines of the Ebola epidemic, health care workers in the United States are finding themselves on the defensive.
Lawyers now represent both Vinson, who contracted the virus while caring for a Liberian visitor to Texas, and Kaci Hickox, who is challenging the mandatory quarantines that some states have imposed on anyone who came into contact with Ebola victims.
Getting more volunteers to the front lines is the only way to keep the virus from infecting people around the world, experts say. It’s still spreading faster than the response, killing nearly half of the more than 10,000 people it has infected in West Africa.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said Tuesday that at least 5,000 more health workers are needed in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea to fight the epidemic. Kim was in Ethiopia with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who has spoken out against mandatory quarantines for health care workers, and said Ebola-related travel restrictions and border closings are not the answer.
Dr. Bruce Ribner, an infectious disease expert who oversaw Vinson’s recovery at Emory University Hospital, said fellow medical workers “deeply admire Ms. Vinson’s care and courage in caring for patients with serious communicable diseases.”
But Vinson’s trip home to join her bridesmaids for wedding preparations was one of several moves by doctors and nurses that may have exposed others in the United States. In Ohio alone, 163 people were still being monitored Tuesday because of contact or potential contact with Vinson in a bridal shop and on the airplanes she traveled in.
N.J. Gov. Chris Christie said voluntary stay-at-home measures were obviously insufficient, since even doctors and nurses had moved around in public before getting sick. He was among the first to announce mandatory 21-day quarantines for anyone who had contact with possibly infected people.
Vinson, 29, was infected while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan, who died at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas on Oct. 8. She inserted catheters, drew blood, and dealt with Duncan’s body fluids, all while wearing protective gear.
Ribner said her doctors in Atlanta don’t have any knowledge of how she got infected in Dallas. Neither would he release any details about continued…

Duleep Trophy final: Long queue behind stumpsOjha has been in the form of his life — after his 835 runs from 7 Ranji Trophy matches last season, he has scores of 217, 219, 101, 110 in the last 4 games. (Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Written by Siddhartha Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:05 am
On eve of the Duleep Trophy final at the Feroz Shah Kotla stadium as the players walked to the nets, South Zone’s Robin Uthappa gave a tight hug to Central Zone’s Naman Ojha. The semi-final heroes — a day after Uthappa scored a ton at Lahli against East Zone, Ojha smashed a double hundred at Mohali against North — would go on to exchange pleasantries and compliments. Watching the two together, South Zone coach Hemang Badani quipped, “Naman, kindly be lenient to us tomorrow.” Badani’s comment would trigger a big roar of laughter.
Ojha, though, would soon go into a shell. The wicketkeeper-batsman from Madhya Pradesh has been in the form of his life — after his 835 runs from 7 Ranji Trophy matches last season, he has scores of 217, 219, 101, 110 in the last 4 games — but he doesn’t have the luxury to rest on these phenomenal laurels. It isn’t easy being a wicketkeeper in the MS Dhoni era. The Indian captain plays every format and never likes to rest.
Keeping that in mind, Ojha, 31, at best can aim to be the ‘second best’.
Topping the charts
If the national selectors are looking for a batsman-keeper, Ojha is head and shoulders above the competition. The equation changes in case the search is for a ‘keeper-batsman’. Wriddhiman Saha, if one goes by the Test squad during the England tour, is said to be sharpest behind the stumps. By virtue of being named Dhoni’s replacement for the Sri Lanka series, Saha is officially the country’s No.2 keeper. Plus there is the ‘new kid in town’ Sanju Samson, who will be the India A keeper against the islanders at the Wankhede.
Adding to the hustle and bustle of the ‘wicketkeepers’ queue’ at the Kotla is ‘old hand’ Dinesh Karthik and ‘fresh convert’ Uthappa, who has been a regular keeper for his IPL side and these days spends hours honing his glovework at nets. Also on field on Wednesday, and not behind the stumps, will be Railways’ keeper Mahesh Rawat, who hit the headlines in the last game against North Zone with a match-winning ton.
Not too keen to talk about the other three keepers around, Ojha speaks about his batting and the reasons for his stunning form. Two years back, Ojha was an instinctive batsman who would throw away his wicket by playing rash strokes. Last season, he started becoming more patient. “I haven’t changed the nature of my batting as such, but rather I am continued…

US body launches investigation into Indian trade policiesBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:47 pm
A quasi-judicial US trade body today launched an investigation into significant changes made since mid-2014 by the new Indian government in its trade and investment policies.
The announcement in this regard by the US International Trade Commission (USITC) comes following a request made by the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Committee on Finance through a letter received on September 25.
The investigation is the second probe regarding India’s trade and investment policies requested by the two committees.
In 2013, the committees jointly asked the USITC, to investigate Indian policies that restrict US trade and investment. The USITC will submit its report in that investigation (Trade, Investment, and Industrial Policies in India: Effects on the U.S. Economy), to the committees on December 15.
In the request letter for the new probe, the committees stated, “Given the recent national elections in India and the formation of a new Bharatiya Janata Party-led government, and our interest in receiving the most comprehensive and up-to-date information possible, we now request that the Commission conduct a second investigation concerning India’s industrial policies that discriminate against US trade and investment since the first ITC investigation”.
As requested, in its new investigation, the USITC will provide information about any significant changes by the new Indian government to the trade and investment policies identified in the Commission’s ongoing investigation.
The USITC will also include information on any new relevant trade and investment policies and practices in India, focusing on the period from mid-2014, a media release said.
The USITC expects to deliver the report to the committees by September 24, 2015, the official statement said, adding that it will hold a public hearing in connection with this investigation on April 7, 2015.

APCOST celebrates 22 National Childrens Science CongressUpdated: October 29, 2014 00:27 IST
APCOST celebrates 22 National Children’s Science Congress
Rajulapudi Srinivas
THE HINDU Students of various schools explaining their projects to teachers at the 22nd National Childrens Science Congress held in Vijayawada on Tuesday. Photo: V. Raju
TOPICS
science and technology
About 700 students display 147 projects at the fair. The exhibits displaying how effluents emanated by some industries are polluting the environment, causing dreaded diseases to humans and the animals, impressed the officers.
As many as 700 students from different schools participated in the 22 district-level National Children’s Science Congress – 2014, held at Andhra Pradesh Council of Science and Technology (APCOST), Regional Science Centre (RSC), here on Tuesday.
Students displayed projects on tropical climate, agriculture, environment, health and other topics. In all 147 projects were exhibited, of which ten were selected for the state-level National Children’s Science Congress (NCSC), to be conducted at Ananthapur, said APCOST RSC in-charge officer J.D. Dilleswara Rao.
Deputy Director (Education) P.S. Babu flagged off the event. Vijayawada Municipal Corporation DEO K. Durga Prasad, Nandigama Deputy DEO M. George Raju, event coordinator Murali participated.
Guests explained the importance of science and technology for students. Teachers should update their knowledge to mould the future citizens into scientists and engineers, said Mr. Babu.
The exhibits displaying how effluents emanated by some industries are polluting the environment, causing dreaded diseases to humans and the animals, impressed the officers.
Ten projects designed on effects of waste on weather and climate, change in temperature, impact of human activities on weather and climate, Ozone layer and its impacts, cage culture for Kolleru, pollution impact on humans, organic farming and its efforts, climate effects on agriculture and health, environment pollution and construction of toilets – were selected for the state-level science congress.

Report: Groupon among tech firms lacking in board diversity0
Blacks and Hispanics are better represented on the boards of Fortune 500 companies as a whole, according to the Alliance for Board Diversity.
In 2012, black men and black women held 5.5 percent and 1.9 percent, respectively, of board seats on the Fortune 500, according to the alliance.
Hispanic men and Hispanic women held 2.5 percent and 0.8 percent, respectively, according to the alliance.
The Rainbow PUSH study found that women overall had 36 seats, accounting for 19 percent, on the technology companies' boards.
On Fortune 500 board seats, white women occupy 13.4 percent, the alliance said.

Government black money namesen.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_black_money    Cached
In India, Black money refers to funds earned on the black market, on which income and other taxes have not been paid. The total amount of black money deposited in ...

Bilawal Bhutto booedbilawal-bhutto-booed...    Cached
A protest march by a UK-based pro-Pakistan group on the Kashmir issue in the heart of London today fizzled out as barely a few hundred protesters gathered to wave ...

Pakistan Million Marchcom/...1_million-march...    Cached
NEW DELHI: Even as the 'Million March' on Kashmir allegedly backed by Pakistan in London last Sunday fizzled out and proved to be a damp squib, a fact ...

Rajasthan Cabinet expansioncabinet-expansion...    Cached
Jaipur: The state government is all set for its cabinet expansion and political appointments very soon. The Cabinet expansion is likely to happen in this week and ...

Maharashtra swearing-inmaharashtra-swearing-in...    Cached
Mumbai: When the BJP's first government in Maharashtra is sworn in tomorrow, former ally Shiv Sena will be confined to the role of spectator. "No Shiv Sena ...

Ola to raise $210 mn Series D funding led by SoftBankE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The return of Ms. RousseffUpdated: October 28, 2014 02:18 IST
The return of Ms. Rousseff
Brazil
In more ways than one, the re-election of Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff for a second consecutive term in Sunday’s dramatic run-off represents a replay of the political script in Latin America. The narrative is one where the region’s heads of state usually hold office for successive spells, at times even beyond the stipulated two terms, by means of tinkering with the Constitution. Yet that does not tell the full story of an electorate that is easily forgiving of their leaders. For the repeated massive electoral mandates equally confirm popular faith in the stewardship of the region’s leftist parties, despite the economic challenges facing these countries. The term anti-incumbency seems almost alien to the Latin American lexicon. The verdict received by Ms. Rousseff for another four years would appear above all to be a measure of the popularity of the social protection programmes of the centre-left Workers’ party during its 12-year rule. Such a reading is borne out by the response from Brazil’s vocal and impatient middle classes, who rallied behind the two opposition candidates right through the poll campaign.
During the first-round poll on October 6, it was the popular environmentalist Marina Silva who consistently defied predictions of a surge in support for the incumbent. It was her eventual elimination that pitch-forked Aécio Neves of the centrist Brazilian Social Democracy party — never in the reckoning until then — into the race. Similarly in the run-off, Mr. Neves came within three percentage points of the winning margin. Evidently, the ripples that Ms. Rousseff’s party felt in the run-up to the polls over corruption scandals in the big state oil refineries did little to dent the party’s pro-poor image. Nor was the state of the economy in recession enough to sway voters away. Brazil, as with other countries of the region, may have nearly reached the end of the commodities boom of recent years. The President has, in her second term, some deft balancing to do to retain the support of her political constituency, while formulating policies to ensure macro-economic stability. A new beginning could well be in the offing. During the campaign and after her victory, Ms. Rousseff has acknowledged egregious wrongdoing in the state-owned Petrobras, where she had for a time served as a director. Greater transparency could further enhance Brazil’s growing global economic and political clout. Latin American leaders have emerged as robust champions of democracy with a strong egalitarian thrust. They could do more to safeguard these values. The best of intentions may not justify the erosion of basic institutions.

Bold proposals on climate dealUpdated: October 28, 2014 02:18 IST
Bold proposals on climate deal
environmental issues
The bold proposals that form the European Union’s (EU) new climate deal set the tone for the best bargain for a global agreement in Paris next year. The decision to cut greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 40 per cent by 2030 is ambitious in comparison with the 8 per cent reductions on a 1990 baseline under the Kyoto Protocol. The EU was the lone participant from among the industrialised nations. Last week’s move follows through on the offer made at the 2013 Warsaw United Nations Conference on Climate Change where countries agreed to make voluntary GHG emissions curbs in a post-Kyoto scenario. The mainstay of the overall EU strategy would be the much-touted emissions trading system (ETS). It currently covers over 11,000 power and industrial plants and airlines and about 45 per cent of the total GHG emissions within the bloc. Sectors within the ETS would contribute 43 per cent reductions and those outside 30 per cent by 2030. Other decisions include non-binding commitments to raise the share of renewable sources to 27 per cent in the total energy consumption and an equal proportion to the deployment of energy efficient technologies. The EU deal is subject to similar commitments that may be made by other countries at the Paris summit next year.
With some national capitals from Poland to Portugal pleading special circumstances and others pushing to expand caps into new sectors, the deal was significant for the distance covered than what remains to be done. The European Trade Union Confederation, which represents about 60 million workers, has criticised the targets as too low, that potentially could take away a million jobs created in a low-carbon economy. At the same time, with an eye on the 2015 climate summit, the Prince of Wales’s Corporate Leaders Group backed by over 50 companies representing 4.5 million employees worldwide have advocated a robust EU climate and energy policy. This is a sign of convergence of interest between industry and employee bodies that would be crucial to clinch a global pact in Paris. The record of the Kyoto Protocol shows that countries with a pre-existing high technology base did not achieve the highest emissions reductions, perhaps in view of their lock-in effects. It was the transitional economies of the states of the former Soviet Union that registered impressive reductions. Here may be a lesson for emerging economies such as India to make strategic decisions with an eye on opportunities for the future. The failure of the Copenhagen 2009 summit would undoubtedly temper expectations among EU leaders about a global deal. But Washington has travelled some distance since then and climate sceptics are on the back foot these days. There is thus real potential for progress.

Ranbaxy posts Q2 net profit of 478 croreNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 16:49 IST
Ranbaxy posts Q2 net profit of 478 crore
PTI
The Hindu The company’s sales for the quarter in the U.S. stood at Rs. 1,354.8 crore.
TOPICS
quarterly or semiannual financial statement
Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories on Tuesday reported consolidated net profit of Rs. 477.75 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15, on account of exclusivity sales of Valsartan in the U.S. and robust sales in India and Western Europe.
The company had posted net loss after tax, minority interest and share in loss of associates of Rs. 454.16 crore for the July-September period of 2013-14, Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a statement.
Consolidated net sales of the company in Q2 2014-15 were Rs. 3,218 crore as against Rs. 2,750.17 crore in the year-ago period, it added. Ranbaxy CEO and managing director Arun Sawhney said, “During the quarter, growth in base business was driven by India and Western Europe. In the U.S. we successfully launched Valsartan with 180 days exclusivity.”
The company’s focus continues to be on creating brands and providing differentiated products as future growth drivers, he added. The company’s sales for the quarter in the U.S. stood at Rs. 1,354.8 crore. Sales were higher in comparison to the corresponding quarter largely due to large contribution to sales from Valsartan in the current quarter, Ranbaxy said.
In the domestic market, Q2 sales grew 12 per cent to Rs. 643.8 crore as against the year-ago period, it added.
Sales in the West European market also grew by 17 per cent from the same period of last fiscal to Rs. 233 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. “Growth was driven by strong performance in UK, Germany, Spain and North Europe,” Ranbaxy said.
During the quarter, the company signed a licensing pact with Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc to exclusively market, sell and distribute Cipher’s isotretinoin capsules in Brazil, it added.
Ranbaxy said: “The court convened meeting of equity shareholders of the company approved the Scheme of Arrangement inter-alia providing merger of Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd with Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd with requisite majority.”
Ranbaxy shares closed at Rs. 634.10, up 6.11 per cent, on the BSE.

ABB India posts 25% jump in Q3 netUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:02 IST
ABB India posts 25% jump in Q3 net
PTI
quarterly or semiannual financial statement
ABB India Ltd, a power and automation technologies major, on Tuesday reported a 25 per cent jump in net profit at Rs. 45 crore for the third quarter ended September 2014 as against Rs. 36 crore in the same period last year.
Revenues improved by 3.3 per cent at Rs. 1,845 crore in the period under review over Rs. 1,786 crore in the corresponding period last year. Revenues grew across all divisions and exports continued to remain in focus.
The company maintained a healthy growth in earnings for the quarter demonstrating benefits from improved execution, better productivity and continued savings from operational excellence initiatives.
Profit before tax (PBT) stood at Rs. 69 crore and profit after tax (PAT) was Rs. 45 crore for the quarter, a company statement said. The company received orders worth Rs. 1,421 crore for the quarter ending September 30, down from Rs. 1,762 crore for the same period in 2013. Order intake remained subdued as few large orders were awarded and some are awaiting contract closure.
The company’s order backlog stood at Rs. 7,666 crore at the end of the quarter as compared to Rs. 8,252 crore for the same period last year. “We hope the positive sentiments will transform into on-ground reality soon. Meanwhile, we continue to push hard on our growth initiatives while we drive our relentless execution and further step up the momentum on cost savings. ABB in India is well positioned to cater to the next level of growth, continuing to create value for our customers and stakeholders,” ABB India managing director Bazmi Husain said.

ONGC Videsh to acquire stake in 2 Vietnamese blocksNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 19:14 IST
ONGC Videsh to acquire stake in 2 Vietnamese blocks
PTI
energy and resource
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, on Tuesday signed an agreement to pick up to 50 per cent stake in PetroVietnam’s two exploration blocks in the South China Sea.
OVL will take 40 per cent stake in Block 102/10 and 50 per cent in 106/10 that lie outside the sea territory claimed by China. PetroVietnam, the national oil company of Vietnam, will take half of OVL’s 100 per cent stake in Block 128 in South China Sea which the Indian firm had earlier planned to exit.
“OVL signed a Heads of Agreement (HOA) with PetroVietnam Exploration Production Corp (PVEP), a wholly owned subsidy of Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam), for mutual cooperation for exploration in Blocks 102/10 & 106/10 of PVEP and Block 128 of OVL in offshore Vietnam, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation,” the Indian firm said in a statement.
The HOA was signed by OVL managing director Narendra K. Verma and Dr. Do Van Khanh, president and CEO of PVEP. ONGC also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with PVEP for “mutual cooperation for exploration in the NELP Blocks of ONGC in Andaman and Cauvery Basins, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation”.
The MoU was signed by ONGC chairman and managing director Dinesh K. Sarraf and Dr. Khanh. Both the MoU and the HOA were exchanged in presence of visiting Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Hyderabad House in New Delhi.
OVL forayed into Vietnam as early as 1988, when it was awarded the exploration license for Block 06.1. Presently the block is producing natural gas. The company also got exploration Blocks 127 and 128 in 2006. Block 127 was relinquished after completing the work programme. Block 128 is currently under exploration.
The blocks where OVL is picking up stake are from the five that Vietnam had offered in November last year to India to counter growing Chinese influence in the region. OVL offering PetroVietnam equity in Block 128 is to de-risk exploration in the block over which China had claimed territorial rights.
The Indian firm had in June 2012 decided to return the block as exploration there wasn’t commercially viable but did a volte face at the insistence of Ministry of External Affairs, which wanted India to continue its presence in South China Sea.

Nestle Indias Q3 net up 9.22%New Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 18:58 IST
Nestle India’s Q3 net up 9.22%
PTI
Reuters Net sales of the company rose to Rs. 2,557.8 crore for the third quarter, up 8.92 per cent compared to Rs. 2,348.31 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
TOPICS
food
FMCG major Nestle India on Tuesday posted a 9.22 per cent increase in consolidated net profit of Rs. 311.29 crore for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, as subdued demand continued to impact the sector.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs. 285 crore during the same period last year, Nestle said in a BSE filing. Nestle follows January-December financial year.
Net sales of the company rose to Rs. 2,557.8 crore for the third quarter, up 8.92 per cent compared to Rs. 2,348.31 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Commenting on the results, Nestle India managing director Etienne Benet said: “Despite input cost pressure, focus on various efficiency and cost containment programs have enabled us to deliver healthy margins. We continue to rationalise the product portfolio to eliminate low margins stock keeping units (SKUs) which are not in line with our vision of nutrition, health and wellness or growth strategy.”
Nestle said that though sales dynamics are better, the company remains cautious as “it is yet to feel the buoyancy from the external environment”.
Overall expenses in during the quarter under review stood at Rs. 2,107.48 crore, up 8.84 per cent compared with Rs. 1,936.25 crore in the third of previous calender year. Nestle said cost of material consumed has increased mainly due to higher cost of milk and its derivatives in India, which is even higher than those in international markets.
For the nine month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs. 858.31 crore as against net profit of Rs. 835.47 crore in the corresponding period last year. Net sales of the company for the nine-month-period ended September 30 rose to Rs. 7,290.17 crore as compared to Rs. 6,809.60 crore in same period in the previous fiscal.
The board of the company has declared a second interim dividend of Rs. 30 per share for 2014, the company said. Shares of Nestle India closed at Rs. 5,969.80 apiece, down 2.20 per cent on BSE.

Sweden s Riksbank cuts key rate to 0.0% from 0.25%  Krona plungesOct 28, 2014, 02.14 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Sweden's Riksbank cuts key rate to 0.0% from 0.25%, Krona plunges
Sweden's Riksbank cuts key rate to 0.0% from 0.25%, Krona plunges
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sweden's Riksbank cuts key rate to 0.0% from 0.25%, Krona plunges
Sweden's Riksbank cuts key rate to 0.0% from 0.25%, Krona plunges
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Sveriges Riksbank, Sweden's central bank, cut its benchmark interest rate to a record low on Tuesday, in an effort to ward off deflation from taking hold in the largest Nordic economy.
The Riksbank said it was lowering the benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to 0.0% from 0.25%. Most analysts expected a cut of 15 basis points to 0.10%.
In addition, the central bank said it was delaying any repo rate increases until the middle of 2016 from the end of 2015.
Following the announcement, the Krona plunged against the U.S. dollar, with USD/SEK rising 0.66% to trade at a four-year high of 7.3389, compared to 7.2801 ahead of the decision.
The Krona was also down sharply against the euro, with EUR/SEK jumping 0.91% to hit a four-month peak of 9.3448.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Local home price gains slow in AugustLocal home price gains slow in August
US-ECONOMY-HOUSING-PROPERTY-SALES-PENDING-FILES
PAUL J. RICHARDS, AFPGetty Images
PAUL J. RICHARDS, AFPGetty Images
Job Reports and Statistics Job Market
Chicago home price index barely eked out a gain in August
Home price gains in the Chicago area showed signs of slowing in August, posting the smallest monthly increase in home sales prices in six months, according to data released Tuesday.
One factor is the growing ranks of renters. The Census Bureau reported Tuesday that the nation's homeownership rate fell to 64.4 percent in the third quarter, a low not seen since the first quarter of 1995, when the rate was 64.2 percent.
It was the fourth consecutive quarterly decline for homeownership. In 2013's third quarter, the rate was 65.3 percent, according to the data.
The growing ranks of renters have pushed down the nation's homeownership rate once again. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
Also during the third quarter, 7.4 percent of rental housing units were reported as vacant, almost 1 percent lower than a year ago, and the homeowner vacancy rate of 1.8 percent was slightly lower than a year ago. As of September, the rental vacancy rate was the lowest it has been since at least early 2005.
On a national level, the median rent was $756 a month.
0
Local home prices rose 0.4 percent in August from July and follows a 0.8 percent increase in July, according to the closely monitored S&P/Case-Shiller home price index. On a year-over-year basis, Chicago-area home prices rose 2.9 percent, and comparable with where they were in June 2003.
Condominium sales prices were flat with July and up 3 percent from August 2013.
All cities except Cleveland showed evidence of slowing price increases compared with a year ago, but in many cities, the year-over-year gains easily beat what buyers and sellers are seeing in Chicago's housing market. For instance, annualized August home prices were up 10.1 percent in Las Vegas, 9 percent in San Francisco, 6.6 percent in Seattle and 3.1 percent in New York.
Combined, the 20 cities included in the index showed a 5.6 percent year-over-year gain in home prices. That compared with an annual gain of 6.7 percent recorded in July.
"The deceleration in home prices continues," said David Blitzer, chairman of S&P Dow Jones Indices' index committee, in a statement. "The large extent of slower increases is seen in the annual figures with all 20 cities."

The Haunting Story of Scary Mary - Entrepreneurship Michael Myers Stylereddit
Mary Barrett Costello is no ordinary entrepreneur, she's extraordinary by all rights.  She has built an empire that consist of 3 restaurants (The Abington Ale House in Abington, MA and The Charlie Horse in Kingston and West Bridgewater, MA), a massive catering business, a haunted house (World Famous Barrett's Haunted Mansion), and more than 325 employees.  She grew up watching her dad in the restaurant business as he worked his way up from bus boy to Executive Vice President of Howard Johnson's, and then eventually opening his first restaurant in 1971.  Mary eventually took over the family restaurant business with her siblings and, due to her love of all things scary, she launched Barrett's Haunted Mansion right in the back yard of her Abington restaurant.  People come from around New England throughout the Halloween season when more than 1000 people a night come through the haunted house.
Mary has become a star among entrepreneurs in New England because, with the help of her sister and business partner, Carey Barrett Allan, she continues to build their restaurant brands, now 30 years old, competing against big chains that dominate the restaurant market, and because of her ability to take a passion for horror and turn it into a profitable business venture that gives thousands of dollars back all Halloween long to local charities and community organizations.
Here are four lessons to building a massively successful business Scary Mary style:
Give Everyone a Voice - Mary says that the hallmark of her business success is that everyone in the entire organization has a voice.  All the managers are operating partners in the business and every single person in the organization has a say in how to make their job and the company better.  Mary says that it is her dad who taught her this simple principle.  Mary grew up working alongside her dad at the restaurant and she said that he would constantly ask her and the other employees, "So, what do you think?"  It was her dad who taught her the importance of inclusion and making sure their work environment was one where each member of the team felt comfortable voicing their opinion.
Anything Built With Absolute Passion will Succeed - For many years there was a tiny miniature golf course directly behind their Abington restaurant.  One year, Mary's dad had the idea of turning the mini-golf course into a pumpkin patch.  Mary asked her dad if they could do something even better, create a haunted house.  Mary has always had a deep seeded love for horror movies...the scarier the better.  When her dad gave her the ok to build the haunted mansion she went to work building something so real, so scary, that people would keep coming back for the experience.  That was twenty three years ago and today the attraction, which opens late September and runs through October, usally welcomes more than 1000 guests per night, with people often waiting hours to get the opportunity to go through the life-like haunted house.  Mary attends Halloween and horror conventions all year, and as one season closes out, she starts preparing for the following year as the haunted house never looks the same as the year before.  The haunted house has professional make-up artists on site who help prepare the characters each evening and the team spares no expense working on the little details that make it so scary.  Mary explains that when you are 100% passionate about something, it comes through in your work, and so her passion exudes into the restaurant and the haunted house, turning it into a world famous attraction.
Create a Legacy - Mary says that it's important when building a business to think about what your legacy will be.  It's a driving force behind her charitable initiative.  A portion of all haunted house proceeds go to local charities and community groups, with each evening being dedicated to one particular organization.  Creating a legacy is also the driving force behind how she and her sister, Carey, treat their employees.  Mary says that the employees are more like family.  They celebrate wins together.  They support each other in difficult times.  Mary recounted a recent memorial she had attended for a friend of a friend who passed away.  She listened to guests eulogize the person who passed on and she wished she had known that person because he sounded like an amazing person who cared about others and gave back to the world.  She hopes to leave that legacy herself.
Give People Second Chances - Occasionally, Mary has to let go of an employee, and this is the one thing about being an entrepreneur she hates.  She believes that all people are good at heart and that every employee wants to do a good job.  There are spotters that go into the restaurants regularly to make sure that the customer is treated well, and even in instances where the spotter catches an employee who is not offering the customer the service that is deserved and expected, Mary says she'll talk to the employee and give them a second chance.  She says to those employees who occasionally get it wrong, "I want to give you a second chance to prove you are the great employee that I believe you are."  Mary says that the best employees are those who take pride in their work and who believe in a team culture.  She says she looks for the employee who would go pick up another employee whose car broke down on the way to work....because that's what Mary would do for any of her employees.  Mary says that the culture of any home family is usually built on forgiveness and second chances, and that the same should be true for any work family.
Scary Mary's office doesn't look like most, as it's decorated with figurines and posters of Michael Myers, Freddy Krueger, and Hannibal Lecter, but when you get down to the mechanics of the operation, Mary Barrett is 100% entrepreneur...an amazing one at that.  As for her dad, he passed away seven years ago at 79 years old, but not before leaving behind his own legacy ... one which I'm sure he'd be proud to know is being carried on by his amazing, albeit different, entrepreneurial daughter, Scary Mary.
Follow Stacey Alcorn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/empoweredpeeps
More:

The bizarre tale of Sharyl Attkissons spare wireBy Erik Wemple October 28 Follow @ErikWemple
Sharyl Attkisson (John P. Filo/CBS News)
Computers weren’t the only devices on which former CBS News reporter Sharyl Attkisson observed suspicious activity as she pursued stories about Benghazi . In her new book, “ Stonewalled: My Fight for Truth Against the Forces of Obstruction, Intimidation, and Harassment in Obama’s Washington, ” she writes about strangeness across other personal tech platforms.
Her deep dive into the integrity of her connections with the wired world comes after she receives a tip from one “Jeff” (that’s a pseudonym), a “well-informed acquaintance” who tells Attkisson that she should “watch out.” “The average American would be shocked at the extent to which this administration is conducting surveillance on private citizens. Spying on them,” “Jeff” says.
The warning from “Jeff” “sheds new light on all the trouble I’ve been having with my phones and computers,” writes Attkisson. For more on the computer front, see this and this .
Now for the phone problems. By November 2012, writes Attkisson, disruptions on her home phone line were so frequent as to render it unusable: “I call home from my mobile phone and it rings on my end, but not at the house. Or it rings at home once but when my husband or daughter answers, they just hear a dial tone. At the same time, on my end, it keeps ringing and then connects somewhere, just not at my house. Sometimes, when my call connects to that mystery-place-that’s-not-my-house, I hear an electronic sounding buzz,” reads one passage in “Stonewalled.” She also alleges that her television set “spontaneously jitters, mutes, and freeze-frames.” The home alarm, too, “sounds at a different time every night” and when she checks with the alarm system, it indicates that there’s “trouble with the phone line.”
Phone, TV and computer service chez Attkisson all run on Verizon’s FiOS service. “Jeff” asks to inspect the exterior of the house in a check for anything suspicious. He finds a “stray cable dangling from the FiOS box attached to the brick wall on the outside of my house. It doesn’t belong.” “Jeff” says the cable in question is an “extra” fiber-optic line that could be used to download data and then send it off to another spot.
Attkisson takes a picture of the cable. Then she calls Verizon, which tells her that it’s not something they would have installed; they refer her to law enforcement. Attkisson doesn’t feel its a matter for the cops, and in any case Verizon calls back to say that they want to have a look for themselves as soon as possible — on New Year’s Day, no less. “Yeah, that shouldn’t be there,” the Verizon technician tells Attkisson.
The technician removes the cable and prepares to take it with him. Attkisson stops him and instructs him to leave it; he “seems hesitant but puts down the cable on top of the air-conditioning fan next to us.”
Days later, on her commute to work, Attkisson remembers that cable on top of the fan and calls her husband to go out and collect it. “It’s gone,” reports the husband. Attkisson’s efforts to get through to the Verizon technician fail.
A firm hired by CBS News to investigate Attkisson’s computer problems counsels Attkisson to have her FiOS box moved to the interior of her house. When the company’s technicians visit the house, they refuse to perform that request. “It’s not necessary, they say,” writes Attkisson in “Stonewalled.” “They know their business. As adamant as I am about moving the box, they’re just as adamant about not doing so.”
At one point, Attkisson gets a visit from pseudonymous “Terry,” who has “connections to the three-letter agencies.” “Stonewalled” takes it from here:
Terry tells me of a conversation he’d had with my husband back in 2011. He’d noticed a white utility truck parked up the street by a pond. “I didn’t like that. I didn’t like it at all,” he tells me now, shaking his head. . . . “I didn’t like it because I recognized the type of truck and the type of antennae it had. And if you look” — he points up the street — “there’s a direct line of sight from where it was parked to your house.” My husband, who once worked in law enforcement intelligence, had on several occasions in the past couple of years mentioned the presence of nondescript utility trucks parked in our neighborhood — trucks that were working on no known utility projects. Neighbors noticed, too. Ours is a small community filled with people who pay attention to such things. Some of them worked for the three-letter agencies.”
Could those utility trucks have had something to do with the extra cable? Who knows.
An inquiry to Verizon is pending.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Airlines try  and mostly fail  to raise faresAirlines' efforts to boost airfares jumped in October
A United Airlines airplane passes by an American Airlines plane at the O'Hare Airport in Chicago, Illinois
JIM YOUNG, Reuters Photo
A United Airlines airplane passes by an American Airlines plane at the O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Oct. 2.
A United Airlines airplane passes by an American Airlines plane at the O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Oct. 2. (JIM YOUNG, Reuters Photo)
Airlines try, and mostly fail, to raise fares despite Ebola
Ebola, cheap fuel don't dissuade airlines from trying to hike fares
October has been the busiest month this year for attempted airfare hikes among major airlines, despite Ebola fears and low jet fuel prices, as a broad-based try by American Airlines last week to raise fares by a few dollars ended in failure, according to FareCompare.com.
The latest attempt, by American Airlines-US Airways on Wednesday night, was relatively small — up to $4 per round trip — but it covered the bulk of American's route system, according to Rick Seaney of FareCompare.
American Airlines on Tuesday announced a merged frequent-flier program for US Airways customers and its own and will combine loyalty accounts next year, part of its ongoing integration after the December merger to create the world's largest airline. ( Gregory Karp )
By Friday afternoon, the fare hike had failed when too few of its competitors followed and the newly merged airline rolled back its prices, Seaney reported.
In the hypercompetitive airline business, fares typically increase when one carrier raises prices and others follow. If competitors don't follow, the initiator usually drops back its fares.
The attempt was the 21st this year and the fourth in October alone. Five have succeeded this year.
0
Seaney noted the fare-hike attempts suggest that Ebola fears are not hurting demand for flights, and airline executives last week said as much during their quarterly earnings conference calls.
It also means savings from lower jet fuel prices, which boosted airline profits, are not being passed along to consumers, he said.
Other fare-hike attempts included a $10 increase per round trip on Oct. 9 initiated by JetBlue Airways. It was matched by other major airlines but then rolled back, with only JetBlue sticking with the increase. After another attempt Oct. 14 by United Airlines and Air Canada ended in failure, a Delta Air Lines hike of $4 on Oct. 16 succeeded, according to FareCompare.
The average domestic airfare is $396, up 2.5 percent after inflation compared with last year, according to second-quarter data released Tuesday by the U.S. Department of Transportation.
Since 1995, inflation-adjusted fares declined 14.7 percent compared with a 56.3 percent increase in overall consumer prices, the Transportation Department said. 

Sexual assault vs. sexual assaultBy Catherine Rampell October 28 Follow @crampell
One of the frequent complaints  levied against college sexual assault statistics is that they are improbably high, presumably because survey respondents take too broad a view of what counts as “sexual assault.” But new survey data from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology suggest the opposite.
Among undergrads, 17 percent of women at MIT reported experiencing one or more unwanted sexual behaviors involving force, physical threat or incapacitation. (This is about in line with other   statistics on sexual assaults at other campuses, though the exact phrasing and definitions used vary from survey to survey.)
Source: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, “Survey Results: 2014 Community Attitudes on Sexual Assault.”
But when asked whether they had ever been “sexually assaulted” — a label with no definition offered — just 10 percent of female MIT undergrads answered yes.
Source: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, “Survey Results: 2014 Community Attitudes on Sexual Assault.”
This suggests that many women (and men; there’s a similar discrepancy among men’s responses) don’t recognize that many of the unwanted sexual behaviors they’ve experienced meet the definition of “sexual assault.”
More on-campus awareness and education efforts, directed at both men and women, about what is and isn’t acceptable or legal behavior would help. So would requiring more campuses to conduct surveys like MIT’s — preferably with standardized language and questions across surveys – as I and others have  advocated before . Every time one of these one-off surveys is made public, it is met with disbelief about a campus’s crime rates, even though surveys at different schools tend to show similar levels of assaults and attempted assaults. Accusations of “inflated” or exaggerated numbers in turn likely factor into students’ willingness to call what happened to them, or to others, a real-life assault.
Catherine Rampell is an opinion columnist at The Washington Post.

Why the Palestinians have no stateBy Jennifer Rubin October 28 Follow @JRubinBlogger
To give you some insight into why there is no peace between Israel and the Palestinians, consider this poll of Gaza and West Bank Palestinians, from the  Times of Israel :
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas, right, chairs the first meeting of the new Palestinian unity government in the presence of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah, left, in June. (Majdi Mohammed/AFP via Getty Images)
Some 57 percent of those polled claimed that Hamas was victorious — a strong majority, albeit far short of the 70% who thought Hamas had won after 2012’s Operation Pillar of Defense in Gaza. Only 8% thought that Israel had won.
Some 53% claimed the recent war achieved the interests of the Palestinian people, while a little more than 21% said that the war damaged those interests.
At the same time Fatah, Hamas’s rival, has weakened while Hamas is getting stronger. Before the conflict began, 41.7% of Palestinians said they trusted Fatah but by the end of the fighting that percentage had slipped to 35.1. On the eve of the war nearly 17% said Hamas was the organization they believed in most, while in the current survey 26% said they believed in Hamas.
Support for the military struggle against Israel rose dramatically – from 31.5% on the eve of Israel’s Operation Protective Edge, launched in early July, to 42.7% in the new survey.
The results tell us several things.
First, decades of anti-Semitic propaganda and enticement to violence have had predictable results. A large segment of the Palestinian population’s world view is at odds with reality. Thanks to ceaseless propaganda and censorship of outside news, they continue to subsume facts (Hamas’s defeat) to propaganda. Attitudes toward Israel have hardened, making compromise virtually impossible.
Second, insisting the Palestinians want and are prepared for peace does not help. In fact it cements the notion that their current mindset is sufficient for a peaceful resolution. It is not. The emphasis from the West should be on institution-building and civil society in Palestinian communities, including one would hope, a free media. As former deputy national security adviser Elliott Abrams puts it :
Donors to the PA [Palestinian Authority] do not like to acknowledge and discuss these violation of human rights by the PA, because they do not fit into the usual narrative: Palestinians want and deserve self-government, but are denied it by Israel; the only problem for the cause of liberty is the Israeli occupation. Simple, but wrong: the PA itself is an increasingly repressive entity, with President Abbas abusing the powers of his office to fight political enemies (and protect corruption).
A clear and unequivocal statement as to what must change within Palestinian territories is long overdue.
And finally, Secretary of State John Kerry should speed along efforts to ensure materials to be used for Gaza reconstruction (currently gathering dust) are not used by Hamas to rebuild the terror tunnels, to enrich terrorist leaders or to create new arms smuggling opportunities. The New York Times reports that “most of Gaza must await the monitoring mechanism, which Israeli and Palestinian delegations are expected to discuss further next week in Cairo. Officials at the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, the United Nations Development Program and the Norwegian Refugee Council, a leading international aid group, said the timetable remained elusive.” Again, this requires President Mahmoud Abbas to show stronger leadership in Gaza. The longer reconstruction takes, the more anger and violence will percolate, which is neither in Abbas’s interest nor Israel’s.
The bottom line is that peace will be the result of a successful process of replacing the toxic political environment created by Abbas and Hamas with a functioning society with a free flow of ideas. Political and economic improvements can change Palestinian attitudes about their own future and about Israel. Mindlessly returning to the same failed “peace process” makes things worse, which is what you can say for just about every feature of the Middle East policy of the Obama administration.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Excellent source told Attkisson who was responsible for computer invasionsBy Erik Wemple October 28 Follow @ErikWemple
Sharyl Attkisson (John P. Filo/CBS News)
One of the enduring mysteries of former CBS News reporter Sharyl Attkisson’s computer intrusions stems from her June 2013 appearance on Fox News’s “The O’Reilly Factor. ” That appearance came in the wake of a statement from CBS News confirming that Attkisson’s computers had been hacked. As Attkisson writes in her new book, “ Stonewalled: My Fight for Truth Against the Forces of Obstruction, Intimidation, and Harassment in Obama’s Washington, ” host Bill O’Reilly was the “only non-CBS entity” with which the company wanted her to do an interview.
So she did. In response to questions from the King of Cable News, Attkisson declared, “I think I know” who invaded her computers. She was not, however, “prepared” to disclose who it was.
Not a great deal has changed since then, according to “Stonewalled.” About a month before that Fox News interview, Attkisson writes, she makes “contact with an excellent source who has crucial information: the name of the person responsible for my computer intrusions. He provides me the name and I recognize it. I’m not surprised. It strikes me as desperate and cowardly that those responsible would resort to these tactics. That’s all I can say about that for now,” reads “Stonewalled.”
For now? Heck, this story is already more than a year and a half old!
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Swimming against tide  IAF team plans to circle Mumbai in 50hrsTeam ‘Delphinus’ before setting out on the mission. (Express)
Written by Srinath Raghvendra Rao | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:45 am
A six-member team of the Indian Air Force (IAF) took off from the Gateway of India on Tuesday afternoon in an attempt to become the first athletes to swim around Mumbai in a clockwise direction and against the tide. If all goes as planned, the team will return to the Gateway at around 4 pm on Thursday, having navigated polluted waters, narrow inlets and having faced the danger of being lost in the sea at night.
“Thus far, no one has been able to complete a successful clockwise swim, that’s because you’re swimming against the tide and in very dirty water,” said Wing Commander Paramvir Singh, who is leading the team named Delphinus.
Singh was the first to take to the water a few minutes before 3 pm on a pleasant afternoon, while his teammates watched from a small boat ahead of him. The team, comprising Sergeants G. Narhari, A.K. Patel and S. Srihari, Corporal Aneesh Singh and Leading Aircraftsman V. Tokas, will round Colaba, before ascending northward, passing the western coast of the city, and eventually entering Vasai Creek, pass through the Ulhas River, exit Thane creek, and swim past the eastern seaface of Mumbai before reaching Gateway, in 50 hours.
“The entire trail is 250 kilometers long on land. But in water, it will be much longer, considering the fact that the team will be swimming against the tide, where progress will be slow,” said Defence spokesperson, Commander Rahul Sinha.
Each man will take to the water for one hour at a time, following which the second will take over. The team will continue and repeat this cycle in the entire course. “Because, we will be swimming against the tide, the route will not be so straightforward. We will have to repeatedly swim away from the coast for a few kilometers to avoid being pushed backwards. We will touch each lighthouse along the way,” Singh said.
He added that the team will be faced with their first big challenge when it reaches the mouth of the Vasai Creek. “We have to time our entry into the creek perfectly with the tide. If we miss the tide, we will be stranded there for twelve hours until the next tide. Once inside, we will also have to contend with jellyfish near Madh Island,” he said.
The team has hired to two small boats as they will have to navigate very narrow stretches of the Vasai Creek and Ulhas River. “Both boats are stocked with food and water to last them two days. The team is also being accompanied by two independent observers from the Maharashtra State Amateur Aquatic Association and the Swimming Federation of India.
Sinha added that fading light represents another risk for the team. “There is always the danger of a swimmer being lost at sea at night. If a swimmer is lost from the vessel’s spotlight, he continued…

Release records  seized sonography equipment of radiologists:HCPrint
Written by Aamir Khan | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:43 am
Three years after their sonography machines were sealed and they faced criminal trial, six Navi Mumbai-based radiologists were granted relief by the Bombay High Court (HC), which on Tuesday directed the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) to remove the seal.
The HC observed that the civic body did not have the authority to continue with their action. The NMMC had conducted a drive wherein they suspended the registration of the practitioners after discovering “irregularities”.
Justices V M Kanade and Anuja Prabhudessai termed the role of the state authorities as prima facie “over enthusiastic” and a “knee-jerk” reaction after the apex court passed order regarding sex determination of the girl child.
The HC was hearing petitions filed by six radiologists, through their lawyers Vijay M Thorat and Madhav Thorat, whose machines were sealed and records seized under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 2003 following some “irregularities” found after a drive was carried out by the NMMC on August 6, 2011.
During their drive, the civic officials had found that the PCPNDT certificates were not displayed in addition to a copy of the Act in the sonography rooms.
“It is no matter of doubt that the Act, 2003 is a special one enacted for curtailing the menace of sex determination which have resulted in many cases in female foeticide. In large number of cases we notice that the said test is used in eliminating the female child. There has been uproar in the Parliament and statistical data show that in many states, the sex ratio of the female to male leads to social problems,” observed the judges.
The HC said the Supreme Court took serious consideration of the issue and had given certain directions. “Perhaps, on account of the directions given by the Apex Court, the respondent (NMMC) had taken out the drive,” the HC further said.
The NMMC appears to have filed 14 cases against various centers in the state, however, only in a couple of cases, the proprieters were convicted. The HC pointed out that the Magistrate Court had noted that the prosecution had “utterly failed” in proving the case against the petitioners.
According to the petitions, for the radiologists charged under the PCPNDT Act, the registration certificates were suspended and they faced criminal trial. The trial court, however, acquitted them on June 11, 2014, and asked for the release of machines which was complied with.
Vijay also argued that the NMMC had to file an appeal against the Magistrate Court order within 15 days from the date of the order. However, the order was not filed till date, he submitted. “The lower court, while acquitting the petitioners, categorically directed the NMMC to remove the seal of the sonography machine and to return the entire seized records after the appeal period is over,” contended the petition.
The HC, therefore, directed the NMMC to remove the seal on the sonography machines and return the entire seized records.
aamir.khan@expressindia.com

City cops await info from US for probe into morphed FB pics that led toviolencePrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:41 am
More than four months after objectionable pictures of historical and political figures on social networking website Facebook sparked off unrest in various parts of the state, the Mumbai police’s Crime Branch is still waiting for the US government to provide the information it had sought as part of its investigations.
In June this year, pictures of various historical and political personalities, morphed in an offensive manner, went viral on Facebook, triggering sporadic protests in various regions of the state. A young software engineer was even lynched by an angry mob in Pune. The Mumbai police’s Crime Branch had registered an offence against unknown persons under the Information Technology (IT) Act and had sent Letters Rogatory (LR) and Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty (MLAT) letters to the US government, seeking details of the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses from which the pictures were uploaded, as Facebook servers are based in the US.
Crime Branch officers said the last communication from the US administration was during a meeting held via video-conferencing facility last month. “In response to our letters, the US government had written back asking for some more details of the case, which they said they needed before they could respond to our request for information. We then arranged a video-conference last month, where several aspects of the case were discussed with officials of the US administration,” said a Crime Branch source.
Officers said that after the meeting, the Crime Branch has still been waiting for further communication from the US authorities. “We have done all that we can at our end and need the details of the IP addresses for the investigation to move forward. Without the information, it would not be possible to trace the perpetrators of the crime. The longer it takes for us to get the information, the lower the chances of tracing and apprehending the accused,” an officer said.
What makes the case a particularly serious one is the possibility of the crime being a planned one. Investigations so far indicate that instead of one person posting the content and others sharing it, several different pictures were posted within a short period of time from different accounts, said investigators.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Father of girl raped & killed was misled bylawyerPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:39 am
The prosecution in the nine-year-old girl’s rape and murder case in Kurla in 2010 filed an application in a special trial court Tuesday seeking a copy of the letter written to the Bombay High Court (HC) by the victim’s father.
The letter, according to the special public prosecutor Pradeep Gharat, states that the father had signed a petition filed in the HC which “sabotages the prosecution’s case”, without knowing its contents.
According to Gharat, the petition sought the transfer of the case from Nehru Nagar police station to the CBI and alleged that when the father had visited the police station to identify the victim’s body, he was told that the body was that of a 14-year-old girl’s. “This amounts to giving false evidence in the court and sabotaging the prosecution’s case,” Gharat said.
Gharat also said that the investigating officer said that by the time the Nehru Nagar police station filed a reply in the case, the petition was withdrawn as the father had written to the HC stating he was illiterate and he was offered money by his own lawyer. The court has directed the defence lawyer to file a reply to the application by October 31.

I managed to keep Yuvi bhai quiet  then I slipped in aflipperYadav made his first-class debut for Central Zone in the Duleep Trophy. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:39 am
Kuldeep Yadav has always turned heads with ball in hand being a member of that rare breed, the chinaman bowler. Of late the 19-year-old from Kanpur has also left a number of batsmen with their heads spinning after being befuddled by his unorthodox brand of spin. While Yadav spent both matches he was with the Indian ODI squad on the bench, he subsequently made his first-class debut for Central Zone in the Duleep Trophy.
Here he speaks to The Indian Express about the week spent in the company of MS Dhoni & Co, the challenge of bowling chinaman at first-class level and his outings against Virender Sehwag and Yuvraj Singh. Excerpts:
How much of a learning curve was the time you spent in the Indian dressing-room during the ODI series against West Indies?
Ravi sir (Shastri) always used to ask me in between matches, “What would you have done, had you been bowling in that situation?” He was constantly trying to read my mind. Meanwhile, Duncan (Fletcher) told me that I needed to change my feet position a bit so that I can get behind the ball well.
How disappointed were you by the end though having not got a single game?
I was disappointed for a while but I am ready to wait for my time. I feel like I have done reasonably well so far with whatever chances have come my way. But I have to do more. If I wasn’t capable of handling pressure I wouldn’t have made it this far. Those who haven’t seen much of me won’t know that I can bat too. I might not be a big-hitter but I can bat according to the situation. I know my time will come.
What are the challenges of being a chinaman bowler?
On the face of it, it’s just a mirror-image of bowling leg-spin, but it does attract a lot of attention. As a wrist-spinner you don’t have the liberty to buy time in terms of settling down for a spell. You have to find your line and length straightaway and make sure you are consistently hitting a spot. Only once I’m confident of my accuracy, can I start trying my variations.
You recently made your first-class debut against a lethal, star-studded North Zone batting line-up. How did you cope with that?
It was an important match for me. I had never played a first-class game before. And then I had to contend with batsmen like Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir, whom I have grown up watching on TV. That way, I couldn’t have asked for a better debut.
Apart from being very experienced the likes of Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir are also terrific players against spin. My general plan is always to restrict runs. The moment you stop their run-flow, you have a chance continued…

Civic body caught off-balance as 5 lakh volunteers sweep thecityPrint
Written by Tanushree Venkatraman | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:38 am
Though the volunteers of Dera Sacha Sauda, a Haryana based-sect, came prepared to launch their cleanliness drive in the city Tuesday, civic officials from the BMC said that they were not completely prepared to support the organisation in their efforts after the long Diwali weekend. With the sect seeking permissions from BMC only last Friday, the civic officials were left with no time to prepare.
According to BMC officials, the volunteers collected more than a 100 metric tonne of waste from R-North ward (includes Dahisar), R-Central ward (includes areas under Borivali and Charkop) and R-South ward (includes Kandivali) and over a 400 metric tonne of waste from N ward (includes Ghatkopar) alone. A BMC official said that more than 4,500 volunteers of the outfit came in 82 buses in the N-ward alone.
The sect’s chief, Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, launched the cleanliness initiative in the city from the MMRDA grounds in the Bandra Kurla Complex. The drive was initiated in Delhi in September 2011 and the volunteers have covered 27 Indian cities so far.
Dera Sacha Sauda came armed with five lakh volunteers, who were divided into groups, each of which had been allocated specific areas for the drive. For instance, volunteers from Haryana and Gujarat cleaned Goregaon (West), Dadar (West), Andheri, Versova, Vile Parle and Juhu areas. The Kandivali and Borivali areas were handled by Delhi volunteers, while Masjid Bunder, Fort, Kalbadevi, Colaba, Tardeo, Byculla areas were taken up by volunteers from Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, according to Pawan Insaan, the outfit’s spokesperson. He also said that the outfit will be providing dustbins at significant vantage points in the city.
Deputy Commissioner of Police and police spokesperson, Dhananjay Kulkarni, said that the organisation had sought prior permission from the police to gather in numbers and clean the city Tuesday. “They had communicated their plan to us. The Commissioner of Police had also directed all police stations to cooperate with them. We ensured that there were no traffic problems and that their initiative went off smoothly,” he said.
“We have never seen a more united and effective effort by any other organisation. We should not only learn from them, but also invite them again to the city with BMC undertaking the expense,” said activist and Matunga resident Nikhil Desai.
An ill-prepared BMC, however, started dividing around 6,000 conservancy staff workers into small groups of 10-12 people to assist the volunteers at the local ward level. “The groups helped them identify places in the city. It was our duty to help them with the requisite manpower and equipment even though they came fully prepared. If they had informed us earlier, we would have got more time to prepare,” said Seema Redkar, officer on special duty (solid waste management).
While the volunteers cleaned and kept the garbage to a side, the civic staff collected and disposing it at the dumping grounds.

The great GameFolioWith Xi making public his determination to expand China’s defence cooperation with Sri Lanka and Colombo backing his Maritime Silk Road initiative, New Delhi can no longer downplay concerns about Beijing’s role in the waters to the south.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: December 3, 2014 10:32 am
China in Lanka
Reports that India has objected to Sri Lanka hosting a Chinese submarine last month are not surprising. In September, a submarine of the Chinese navy docked at the Colombo port just days before President Xi Jinping arrived in Sri Lanka. Last December, there were reports that a Chinese nuclear submarine had surfaced in the waters of Sri Lanka.
With Xi making public his determination to expand China’s defence cooperation with Sri Lanka and Colombo backing his Maritime Silk Road initiative, New Delhi can no longer downplay concerns about Beijing’s role in the waters to the south. The issue of Sri Lanka’s military ties to Beijing was apparently flagged last week by Defence Minister Arun Jaitley when he met the visiting Lankan defence secretary, Gotabaya Rajapaksa, who happens to be the brother of President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
As it bowed to political pressures from Chennai, the UPA found it hard to balance India’s genuine concerns about the rights of the Tamil minority in Sri Lanka and Delhi’s other national security interests in the island republic. Whether it was voting on Sri Lanka’s human rights record in Geneva, training Lankan defence personnel in Tamil Nadu, or the prime minister’s travel to Colombo to attend the Commonwealth Summit, the Congress leadership simply caved in to pressures from Chennai.
The NDA government is in a much better position to cope with the competing imperatives in Sri Lanka. That Narendra Modi is less vulnerable to Chennai was reflected in his decision to invite President Rajapaksa for his swearing-in ceremony in end-May against the objections of the Tamil parties.
This, in turn, has given Modi a little more space to deal more purposefully with Lanka; but not a lot. For, Modi senses the huge opportunity to expand the BJP’s influence in Tamil Nadu. He is also conscious of the fact that Tamil concerns are very much part of India’s overall approach to Sri Lanka. Modi has begun well by expanding engagement with all the stakeholders involved in the Lanka conflict, including Chennai, Jaffna and Colombo.
The Raj Legacy
India has long opposed the military presence of foreign powers in the subcontinent. This is a geopolitical legacy of the British Raj that was the paramount power in the Indian subcontinent and the guarantor of peace and stability in the Indian Ocean. The Raj ensured that no rival European power would get too close to the subcontinent on the land frontiers or establish a threatening naval presence in the Indian Ocean. As the successor state to the continued…

Industrial development is priority: Dy. CMUpdated: October 29, 2014 00:51 IST
Industrial development is priority: Dy. CM
Staff Reporter
Tweet
Deputy Chief Minister K. E. Krishnamurthy visits Gerdau steel plant at Thadipatri in Anantapur district on Tuesday. - PHOTO:R.V.S. PRASAD
Deputy Chief Minister K.E. Krishnamurthy on Tuesday said that the State government wanted the industry sector played a major role in the development of the State.
Speaking to the media held on the sidelines of his visit to the Gerdau steel plant at Tadipatri town in the district on Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the plant, Mr. Krishnamurthy appealed to the Gerdau group to employ 2,000 more local people at the plant, apart from the current employee strength of 3,000.
Referring to the row over the usage of water of the Srisailam dam for power generation by the Telangana, he took a strong exception to the statements being made by the Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao against Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu. He alleged that it was the lack of ‘ability’ and ‘foresightedness’ of the Telangana government which had led to the power crisis in that State.
He also said that the Andhra Pradesh government had helped Telangana with several million units of power in the last few months.
Anantapur TDP MP J.C Diwakar Reddy said that the improper procedure and haste with which the State bifurcation was done was the reason behind the current problem.

Lava Flow Reaches Hawaiian TownRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Motorola s profitability plan
The Fixs 2014 election contest extravaganza is here!By Chris Cillizza October 28 Follow @thefix
(J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
Update: Due to an error in the contest form, The Fix 2014 Election Contest Extravaganza has been canceled. Thanks to all who submitted, and apologies for the error.
The midterm elections, in case you have been hiding under a pile of coats for the past few months , are one week from today. And that means it's time to put your predictions where your mouth is — or something.
Below is our 2014 midterm election contest extravaganza.  All you need to do is fill out each of the seven questions and hit "submit." All entries must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time Nov. 3.
We'll tally the results and announce the winner Nov. 1o.  The prize? We're still working on that, but it'll be a good one.
Get predicting!
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Sarah Palin on CNN derision: Liberals want to crush usBy Erik Wemple October 28 Follow @ErikWemple
Had CNN’s Carol Costello taken the step of apologizing on-air for having snarked about the audiotape in which Bristol Palin describes a recent, highly covered Alaska brawl, perhaps Sarah Palin’s interview today with Stuart Varney of Fox Business wouldn’t have had much pop. But Costello hasn’t taken that step.
In introducing the Costello issue with Palin, Varney noted the absence of an on-air apology and asked what it was like dealing with such “mockery” over a period of “more than six years.” Palin had some thoughts on the matter: “I always have to keep in mind that other people have it a heck of a lot harder than the Palins do.  You know, they’re taking the real shots out there. Maybe … they have a kid out there in the war zone fighting for America right now, and they’re worried about their child in the armed forces. Maybe they’ve just lost a job. Maybe their parents are ill and need — there are so many challenges. Every family has a challenge … but also, Stuart, the bottom line, of course, is that liberals love those Saul Alinsky rules for radicals where they’re out there playing the politics of personal destruction. They do want to destroy personally those who they disagree with. They’re very, very intolerant of those who maybe hold opposing views to their liberal, failed agenda views, so, you know, they want to crush us.”
Last week, Costello asked her viewers to “sit back and enjoy” the audio of an anguished Bristol Palin describing the scrum to police. She really had fun with the situation: “This is quite possibly the best minute and a half of audio we’ve ever come across,” she said. Costello issued an apology to Politico but has resisted calls, including from this blog , to issue a mea culpa directly to her viewers. Come to think of it, Costello’s apology didn’t even express regret explicitly to the Palin family. It said: “Over the past few days I have been roundly criticized for joking about a brawl involving the Palin family. In retrospect, I deserve such criticism and would like to apologize.”
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Does anyone know if Colt McCoys dad was at the Redskins-Cowboys Monday Night Football gameBy Dan Steinberg October 28 Follow @dcsportsbog
(ESPN)
A few people out there are probably curious whether Colt McCoy’s father and high school coach, Brad McCoy, managed to make it to Arlington for the Redskins-Cowboys “Monday Night Football” matchup.
After a bit of research, I determined that McCoy’s dad was, in fact, inside the stadium to watch his son’s amazing primetime performance. Here are 14 pieces of evidence, via ESPN.
Above, you can clearly see that Brad McCoy has made it to the stadium before the game.
Here he is during the national anthem.
(ESPN)
Here he is after a long first-half completion to DeSean Jackson.
(ESPN)
Here he is after a first-half completion for a first down.
(ESPN)
Here he is after a third-quarter montage concerning Colt McCoy’s life and times.
(ESPN)
Here he is moments later, after a third-quarter false start penalty.
(ESPN)
And here he is moments later, after a completion for a first down.
(ESPN)
Here he is after that bomb to DeSean Jackson that ended the third quarter.
(ESPN)
Here he is before a crucial third-and-goal.
(ESPN)
And here he is after that crucial third-and-goal ended with a Colt McCoy touchdown.
(ESPN)
Here he is going to commercial break.
Here he is during overtime.
(ESPN)
Here he is later during overtime.
(ESPN)
And here, at long last, is Colt McCoy’s dad, celebrating after the victory.
So yes, if there was any question, Colt McCoy’s dad was indeed in Arlington, Tex., for the Redskins-Cowboys “Monday Night Football” matchup.
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

An endangered giant tortoise population is finally stable  thanks to some aggressive goat eradicationBy Rachel Feltman October 28 Follow @rachelfeltman
An Espanola tortoise. (James Gibbs)
After dwindling to a population of only 15, the tortoises of the Galapagos island of Española have reached stable levels. A study published Tuesday in PLOS ONE reports that efforts to reintroduce the species have been successful, with some 1,000 tortoises now breeding without human help.
This is the result of a conservation effort that started 40 years ago, when those 15 remaining Española tortoises were captured and bred in captivity. Their 2,000 offspring were released on the island in 1975, but this is the first comprehensive look at how the reintroduced tortoises have fared.
"To me, it's been a quiet but remarkable success story in conservation, mostly because nobody's ever taken the time to synthesize the results of this massive effort," said James P. Gibbs , a professor of vertebrate conservation biology at the SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry and lead author of the paper.
Gibbs and his colleagues crunched 40 years worth of data and found that half of the 2,000 tortoises dropped in the 1970s are still alive. With 1,000 tortoises now living and breeding on their own, he said, "we can step out of the process and let them take care of themselves."
The success of the effort, which was lead by the Galapagos National Park Service , owes an awful lot to a dedicated team of goat exterminators. To understand why, it helps to know a bit of the region's history: Sailors used to catch and eat the giant tortoises, which proved to be easy prey. They also left goats behind on the Galapagos islands — an animal not native to the area — which created a devastating invasive species problem.
(James Gibbs)
After 80 years of goats chowing down on the islands' vegetation, many parts of the Galapagos had lost their natural ecosystems — and the tortoise populations that had once been such a vital component of them.
"These goats were destroying literally everything, turning [Española] into a dust bowl," Gibbs said. Most of the goat invaders were killed by gunmen on foot, but some high-tech interventions cleared out the last of them from the islands in the '90s.
Without that Herculean goat-killing effort, the tortoises wouldn't have had a chance. But Gibbs credits the tortoises themselves for their success, too.
"They're hard-wired, tough reptiles," Gibbs said. "They don't need to learn how to survive from their parents — you can just release them, and they know what to do."
Next year, the small island of Santa Fe — one that's lost all of its tortoises — will become host to 200 Española tortoises. "This success is going to beget another success on Santa Fe," Gibbs said.
Unfortunately, while Española's tortoises will continue to thrive without our help, they're not going to be able to magically restore theses islands to their pre-human condition. The invading goats destroyed a lot of the island's cacti, which tortoises use for food and shade, and woody vegetation thrived in its place. Gibbs and his colleagues found that the island's cactus population is still low, though the tortoises seem to be helping it along.
"The tortoises will eventually recover everything themselves, but it's going to take a very long time," Gibbs said. If the Galapagos National Park Service wants the island restored fully in less than a few hundred years, they may need to go in and clear out some of the woody vegetation themselves.
The tortoises are a vital part of these islands' original ecosystems. (James Gibbs)
And the success of  Española provides a sad contrast to Pinta, another island in the Galapagos. Pinta tortoises and Española tortoises are closely related, but not the same species. Lonesome George was the last of Pinta's kind, and he died in captivity while researchers tried desperately to breed him. Now researchers are hoping to replicate their Española restoration using Pinta tortoise hybrids that have been found on another island.
It wouldn't have taken much for Española to go the way of Pinta. When the Galapagos National Park Service was founded, the Española tortoise was already classified as extinct. If they'd waited any longer before going looking for survivors, they probably wouldn't have found the 15 they did — and the fewer the tortoises, the less likely they'll breed successfully in captivity.
"There's only so much you can do with one tortoise," Gibbs said.
(James Gibbs)

When botched surgeries  car accidents and suicide attempts go viralBy Caitlin Dewey October 28 Follow @caitlindewey
(Youtube)
A woman in California was horrified to learn that a photo of her recent suicide attempt — in which she stuck two pencils through her eyes — had been shared by a hospital worker and posted online.
She would, perhaps, be even more horrified to learn she’s not the only one.
Despite strict privacy laws that govern the sharing of patient information, and policies against obscenity on most mainstream social sites, the Internet enjoys a steady trade in so-called “medical gore”: graphic, bloody images from surgeries, accidents and morgues, passed around YouTube, Imgur and more shadowy sites not for educational or training purposes, but for the macabre titillation of amateurs.
There are pictures of children with weeping burn wounds. Blood-stained images of dog maulings, shark bites and broken ankles. YouTube videos of graphic rectal surgeries that we’d hesitate to even describe. (In one, the surgeons actually pause the procedure to take a picture around the patients’ prone, unconscious body.)
The provenance of this material is usually unclear, as is, generally, the identity of the patient. But judging from the fact that many images are clearly taken inside operating rooms — and that, frequently, the patient is unconscious — it would appear that at least some medical gore is produced by doctors, nurses or other health-care workers, perhaps without the patient’s consent.
That is, incidentally, the exact claim in the California case, which was filed last week in Los Angeles County Superior Court. The lawsuit claims that, two and a half years ago, a nurse took a picture of an unnamed patient who had tried to commit suicide by stabbing pencils into her eyes. From there, the nurse allegedly shared the photo with a nephew, who shared it with a friend, who posted it to a gore site. The image is still available on the web and has been viewed, per the suit, nearly 200,000 times.
While the case doesn’t name the site in question, it’s easy to guess at where it could’ve come from: The web boasts any number of dedicated gore forums, from Goregish to That’s Phucked to Best Gore, the Canadian shock site whose owner was charged with “corrupting morals” last year.
A screenshot from the Goregrish homepage.
Even more generalized forums and social sites have their own sticky, stomach-turning corners: YouTube’s sketchy surgery videos have racked up hundreds of thousands of views, and more than 40,000 people subscribe to Reddit’s /r/gore. Ten months ago, one enterprising user even started a forum exclusively for medical gore — “enjoy the bloody mess,” moderators chirp — though the community hasn’t been terribly active since then.
“Medical gore is a place for gory pics/videos with some connection to professional medicine,” the forum’s description reads. “From selfies in the ER, to autopsy documentation … We welcome it all.”
It’s unclear, however, if patients welcome being filmed in quite the same way. Surgery release forms may, for instance, include permission to record the procedure. But whether that allows recording on a personal cellphone — or republishing online — is iffy. After all, personally identifiable patient photos are considered protected health information under U.S. law, which means they’re governed by a pretty sweeping privacy code called HIPAA.
A great deal of medical gore, however, seems to come from Asia, the Middle East or elsewhere overseas, where privacy laws may not be as stringent. And even in the U.S., there’s only so much the law can do once pictures have already gone up. In a legal labyrinth also faced by victims of revenge porn , you can’t make a Web site take a non-consensual image down, because it’s protected under the Communications Act — and unless you know exactly who took the picture, you can’t have that person get it taken down, either.
All this makes it easy to see, perhaps, why the California Jane Doe — who is now blind, but studying Braille and receiving psychiatric treatment — fell “back into a depression” when she learned her photo had gone viral.
Meanwhile, the forums rejoice over each new upload.
“I’m NOT a sociopath,” one woman wrote on Reddit. “I do love a good dose of gore in the morning though.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Ebola threat: 10 things you should know about deadly diseaseCrime
10 things you should know about Ebola
Ebola has killed 4,922 people, or about 50 percent of 10,141 confirmed, probable and suspected cases, mostly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, according to the U.N.'s World Health Organization.
It says the true death toll may be three times as much or 15,000 people, while the death rate is thought to be about 70 percent of all cases.
Two nurses in the United States and one nurse in Spain have contracted Ebola outside of Africa. (Reuters)
Here are some facts about the deadly disease that you should know:
Gallery View:10 things you should know about Ebola

Black Money trail: Cong politicians  biz tycoons in spotlightThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC pulls up govt on black money  demands full list of names todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

State Bank of Hyderabad net up 90.7%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Results are framed deliberately ......can we trust such companies  .....Gold Member
56 Followers
Results are framed deliberately ......can we trust such companies ? ..some part of money here or there is ok but serious money should not be invested in such companies .....
12.55 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Dr. company is in process of dividend distribution to the share holder...New Member
0 Follower
On every gain of 2% it will drop by 4% the next day ... this has been the trend. i have purchased it @ 7.32 and after that never have seen it grow. I have spent a lot of time on researching this stock and as per my observations, its a big manuplative share. NEW INVESTORS PLS DO NOT INVEST IN THIS SHARE. ITS A BIG BOGUS AND FRAUD COMPANY
5.58 PM Oct 28th

Why are you so much in love with ibull share ! i can see a clear case ...Platinum Member
662 Followers
Book value has no meaning but it gives the clue to future earnings or when the company is sold out.
In IB case, if we just consider tangible assets leaving good will which is shown as 323 cr, bv comes to 110 add instead of 170 add that is shown. Still 110 is not bad for investment, but only after the dust is settled and when promoter started eying market cap. That may be after..., I dont know when?

Aftr few days evrytime u write somthing bad abt mnycntrl board post &a...Silver Member
67 Followers
Aftr few days Evrytime u write somthing bad abt mnycntrl board post & abt comenteters,but u never leave mnyctrl board.if u r clever then stop login & stop reading post on board
12.52 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Its a deal: E-tailer snaps up $627 m from SoftBankE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fiat may export Avventura after meeting demand in Indian marketE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PAUL J. RICHARDS / AFP - Getty Images
U.S. Expands Massive Vehicle Recall Because Air Bags Shouldn t Spray Shrapnel At DriversU.S. Expands Massive Vehicle Recall Because Air Bags Shouldn't Spray Shrapnel At Drivers
Reuters
reddit
NEW YORK, Oct 22 (Reuters) - U.S. federal prosecutors are trying to determine whether Japanese auto parts maker Takata Corp misled U.S. regulators about the number of defective air bags it sold to automakers, including Toyota Motor Corp and Honda Motor Co Ltd, The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Word of the investigation follows a notice on Tuesday from the U.S. auto regulator, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which increased the number of cars potentially affected by defective air bags made by Takata to at least 7.8 million, up from the roughly 4.74 million it announced a day earlier.
The NHTSA is conducting its own investigation of whether Takata air bag inflators made between 2000 and 2007 were improperly sealed. Bags inflating with too much force potentially could spray metal shrapnel at occupants. They have been linked to four deaths and resulted in several lawsuits.
The probe has focused on inflators recovered from cars being recalled for repairs in hot and humid regions such as Florida. Takata is cooperating with that investigation along with 10 automakers.
The NHTSA has urged owners of certain Toyota, Honda, Mazda Motor Corp, BMW AG, Nissan Motor Co Ltd , Mitsubishi Motors Corp, Subaru Co Ltd , Chrysler , Ford Motor Co and General Motors Co vehicles to replace air bags as soon as possible.
More than 16 million vehicles globally have been recalled since 2008 because of defective Takata air bags.
Reuters previously reported that manufacturing problems with Takata's air bags go beyond what the Tokyo-based company disclosed to the NHTSA about why the devices were at risk of exploding with dangerous force, citing internal company documents.
According to Wednesday's article in The Wall Street Journal, the investigation by the U.S. attorney's office for the Southern District of New York is in very early stages. The company has not been accused of any wrongdoing.
A spokeswoman from the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment.
A spokesman for Honda said the company was not aware of the investigation.
Spokespeople for Takata and Ford could not immediately be reached for comment.
A BMW spokesman declined to comment on the possibility, adding that the German automaker is focused on carrying out the recall as fast as possible.
Spokespeople for Toyota and Chrysler said they had no information on a possible federal investigation of Takata.
Spokesmen for Mazda and Mitsubishi said their companies had not been contacted by the U.S. Department of Justice and could not confirm the report.
A Nissan spokesman said the automaker had no knowledge of such an investigation and declined further comment.
Spokespeople from Subaru and GM declined to comment. (Reporting by Emily Flitter; Additional reporting by Ben Kalyman; Editing by Andre Grenon, Sandra Maler and Leslie Adler)
Also on HuffPost:

Lady Gaga  O2 Arena  LondonLady Gaga, O2 Arena, London – review
Ludovic Hunter-Tilney
The singer’s new ‘ArtRave’ show is ambitious, spectacular and extravagantly costumed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1e11d6c-5b72-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Book review: The Big Apples sentimental side© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b87e13c-4e40-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bidco says plenty of room for investment in AfricaShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Bidco targets all of Africa
Nov 3, 2014 : Bidco chief executive Vimal Shah tells the FT's east Africa correspondent Katrina Manson that there's ample room for continued investment in Africa, and that growth there will far exceed current rates. But businesses must make sure they have projects worth funding
Credits: Produced by Nalini Sivathasan & Steve Ager

Brazil s Dilma Rousseff narrowly wins second termPrint
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff, raises her arms to acknowledge the crowd during her acceptance speech at a press conference in a hotel in Brasilia, Brazil. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Rio De Janeiro | Posted: October 27, 2014 8:30 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 12:37 pm
Left-leaning President Dilma Rousseff was re-elected Sunday in the tightest race Brazil has seen since its return to democracy three decades ago, giving the juggernaut Workers’ Party its fourth-straight presidential victory and the chance to extend its social transformation of the globe’s fifth-largest country.
Rousseff took 51.6 percent of the votes and center-right challenger Aecio Neves had 48.4 percent, with almost all ballots counted. The result reflected a nation deeply divided after what many called the most acrimonious campaign since the return to democracy, with charges of corruption, nepotism and ample personal barbs thrown by both sides.
The re-elected leader faces an immense challenge of reigniting a stalled economy, improving woeful public services that ignited huge anti-government protests last year, and trying to push political reforms through a highly fragmented congress where the governing coalition has less support than it did four years ago.
Speaking in front of a banner that read  “New Government, New Ideas” and a giant photo of Rousseff from her days as a militant who fought against Brazil’s long military regime, she thanked her supporters, starting with her political mentor and predecessor Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, who picked her to take his place in 2010.
“My dears, my friends, we have arrived at the end of a campaign that intensely mobilized all the forces of this country,” Rousseff said. “I thank every Brazilian, without exception.”
She added that she “thanks from the bottom of my heart, our No. 1 militant, President Lula,” as the former leader used a handkerchief to wipe tears from his eyes.
Rousseff sounded a conciliatory tone, saying during the live broadcast that she understood the heightened demands of Brazilians. “That’s why I want to be a much better president than I have been until now,” she said.
During the Workers’ Party time in power, the government has enacted expansive social programs that have helped pull millions of Brazilians out of poverty and into the middle class, transforming the lives of the poor.
But the globe’s seventh-largest economy has underperformed since 2011, with some fearing it could put the social gains at risk.
“Dilma has social inclusion on her side, but the macroeconomic policies during her first four years in office have been very weak,” said Carlos Pereira, a political analyst at the Gertulio Vargas Foundation, Brazil’s leading think tank. “Inflation has returned, the country is in a technical recession and public spending is out of control. It is less likely she will be able to offer social inclusion and macroeconomic stability at the same time.”
The choice between Rousseff and Neves split Brazilians into two camps _ those who thought only continued…

An iTunes for journalism 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Poverty in the Horn of AfricaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Financials bank on elderly for new revenues© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/871d82dc-5566-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europes bloody bordersUkraine, Russia and Europe’s bloody borders
Gideon Rachman
If nations were again allowed to claim bits of their neighbours, it could convulse the continent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c168540-5dc3-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reviving transatlantic trade talksOctober 27, 2014 5:58 pm
Transatlantic trade negotiators should own up to their ambition
Pascal Lamy
Consumers fear the transatlantic pact will cost them their safeguards, writes Pascal Lamy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d69d4496-5a07-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The spy tale all bosses should readThe spy left out in the cold is a tale all bosses should read
Andrew Hill
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fe23662-5b72-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Analysis: Mexico is sown with corpses© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d7a5bc2-5dc5-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Attempts at reform belied by persistence of bad old Mexico of corruption and violence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d7a5bc2-5dc5-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Struggling with OrbanomicsHungary grapples with cost of ‘Orbanomics’
Andrew Byrne in Budapest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cc8f9944-5b8e-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cracks begin to appear in the fortress of power built by the Hungarian political strongmanHungary grapples with cost of ‘Orbanomics’
Andrew Byrne in Budapest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cc8f9944-5b8e-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Does Apple Pay have a rocky road aheadBy Sarah Halzack October 27 Follow @sarahhalzack
A shopper makes a purchase at a Disney Store in Glendale, Calif., using Apple Pay. (Jordan Strauss/AP Images)
When Apple Pay  was announced  at a highly-choreographed launch event in September, industry analysts and experts declared that the mobile payment system had a shot at doing what other digital wallets have so far failed to do: Dethrone plastic credit and debit cards as shoppers' default way of making a purchase.
But now, less than a week after the system's launch, Rite Aid and CVS have disabled their Apple Pay technology, a sign that the tech titan's quest to make its digital wallet ubiquitous may be more difficult than many thought.
The drugstore chains have not said why they have shut down this technology.  CVS  simply "cannot accept Apple Pay" or other mobile payment options that rely on similar technology, the company said in a statement. Both companies said they are continually evaluating various mobile payment technologies.
Analysts say the moves are likely a preemptive strike against Apple Pay by the two chain stores, which are part of a coalition of retailers building their own mobile payment offering.  The group, known as the Merchant Customer Exchange, or MCX, includes stores such as Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Lowe's, and Dunkin' Donuts.  Its offering, dubbed CurrentC, is slated to roll out in 2015 at 110,000 locations.
Retailers that comprise the Merchant Customer Exchange will not accept Apple Pay as they ramp up to roll out their own mobile payment system, CurrentC, in 2015. (Reuters)
CurrentC would have some advantages over Apple Pay for retailers. CurrentC will draw money directly from a consumer's bank account instead of charging a credit card like Apple Pay does. This would allow retailers to avoid paying credit card companies what are known as swipe fees every time a customer pays with a credit card. CurrentC would also give retailers access to more data about shoppers, which they could use improve their marketing, merchandising and other strategies.
However, experts say consumers may prefer Apple Pay. Apple Pay's system relies on near-field communication chips, allowing users to wave their smartphones in front of a reader and confirm the purchase with a fingerprint scan. CurrentC, on the other hand, will require shoppers to use their smartphone's camera to take a picture of a code generated by the retailer, a series of steps that may feel slower and more complex to consumers than Apple Pay.
That sets up some complicated choices for retailers. Apple Pay may drive more sales if its convenient set-up appeals to a wider array of consumers.  But CurrentC might help them trim costs by slashing swipe fees.
"The question is: What do they want to optimize, revenues or cost savings?" said Sanjay Sakhrani, an analyst with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
In bypassing credit cards, CurrentC also eliminates consumers ability to earn the coveted rewards points that they can rack up with credit and debit purchases.  Sakhrani said those rewards programs have proven so popular with consumers that MCX might have to consider offering something comparable.
Though Rite Aid and CVS are not currently supporting Apple Pay, Apple still has a long list of partner retailers who are accepting this form of payment, including McDonald's, Macy's and Whole Foods Market.
"The feedback we are getting from customers and retailers about Apple Pay is overwhelmingly positive and enthusiastic," the company said in a statement. "We are working to get as many merchants as possible to support this convenient, secure and private payment option for consumers."
Apple Pay is available in some 220,000 store locations.  Rite Aid has about 4,600 stores in the United States, while CVS has about 7,700.
On social media, it appeared that many shoppers were eager to use Apple Pay at CVS or Rite Aid and were disgruntled that they will not be able to do so.
@CVS_Extra looks like I can't currently accept shopping at CVS. I'm evaluating my pharmacy options.

Twitter user growth disappointsTwitter user growth disappoints
Hannah Kuchler – San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c4082b0-5e0e-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A how-to guide to Chinese creativityFinding failure in the art of persuasion
Patti Waldmeir
A how-to guide to Chinese creativity is not sending the right message, writes Patti Waldmeir
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/857c63c4-5b7b-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govts black money list: Why it could be just an eyewashTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

4 900 dead and counting: a close look at Ebola virusBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

All in a name: How Kal Penn closely escaped becoming Kal PacinoComments
Amongst the most popular Indian faces in Hollywood today, Kal Penn aka Kalpen Suresh Modi is best known for his stoner comedy series Harold and Kumar.
But he is one of that rare breed - a person who worked in a stoner comedy and then went on to work with US President Barack Obama in the White House. Having done his service to his country, he was back to his first love: acting, and yes, those oft named stoner comedies.
Busy promoting his upcoming film, Bhopal: A Prayer For Rain , which is based on the Bhopal gas tragedy, the actor accepts that once he realises a cause is worth fighting for, he does not hold back.
Kal Penn, American actor, producer and a civil servant will be starring in an Indian film for the first time with Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain.  (Photo: APrayerForRain/Facebook)
For instance, in this particular film he plays a tabloid journalist who begins as yet another media hound looking for a scoop but changes midway to a man who really cares for his environment.
"Five years ago, when I first met the film's director Ravi Kumar and read the script, I realised that he was very passionate about the subject. He had met NGOs and understood the various aspects of the tragedy. He spoke so eloquently about it. Even though the film has been made on shoe-string budget, it has an international cast and it was a great experience to work in it," Penn says.
Another new experience that Penn had while working on the film was learning Hindi. "When I landed in Hyderabad for shooting, I had no idea that I was supposed to speak in Hindi. It was a big miscommunication as I was given the script in English and I though the film will be in the language too. But the entire cast helped me with it, especially Rajpal Yadav and thankfully I don't sound like an American speaking in Hindi."
However, ask him if he can carry on a conversation in Hindi and he says it will take another film to reach there. "It is very different when one speaks from a script. I would love to do another film in Hindi so that I can breach this language barrier," he says.
     
The man who has his got his political chops (he did work with the Obama administration for years), what does he have to say about the gas tragedy and what it means in Indian history? "The film is a fictionalised adaptation, it's not a biopic.  The tragedy is about corporate greed, government corruption and the limitation of law but the film is more concerned with how characters felt and how much the people suffered. The political ramifications are there in the film but they are presented in a very fair way."
From India to his career in Hollywood… how did Kalpen Modi become Kal Penn? "Lot of actors have screen names and when I was making my CV in college, I thought that I should have a name which is cool. For the next one hour, my friends came up with bizarre options. In fact, I very closely escaped being named Kal Pacino! Finally we decided on Kal Penn and whether it was the name or a new agent I had hired then, it seems to have worked for me."
And now, last but not the least, when are we going to meet Harold and Kumar again, the famous dudes in that very famous stoner comedy? "Very soon. We are working on an animated series and it will hopefully be out next year."

NATO chief: what s needed to improve Russia tiesNATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg gives a policy speech entitled "A unique Alliance with a clear course" at an event hosted by the German Marshall Fund of the United States, in Brussels on Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Brussels | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:50 pm
NATO’s new secretary general says only a strong Western alliance can negotiate better ties with Russia.
Jens Stoltenberg said Tuesday that his experience as Norway’s prime minister was that robust defense capabilities and a strong trans-Atlantic bond were fundamental to bring about constructive relations with Russia.
In his first policy speech since taking office Oct. 1, Stoltenberg said there was no contradiction between wanting to keep NATO strong and continuing to attempt to engage with the leadership of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“NATO is here to say. Russia is here to say. So we’re going to have some kind of relationship,” Stoltenberg said. The question, he said, is “what kind.”

Prominent defector says North Korea has taken his father hostageWeapons exports are a crucial source of hard currency for North Korea. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Seoul | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:00 pm
A prominent North Korean defector who has advocated U.N. action to stop the country’s human rights abuses said on Tuesday authorities have taken his father hostage in a campaign to discredit his story of survival and escape from a prison camp. North Korea has been on a diplomatic campaign to counter charges by a U.N. commission that highlighted widespread human rights abuses and a move by some member states to refer it to an international tribunal for crimes against humanity.
North Korea says the accusations of human rights abuses are fabrications and “wild rumours” peddled by “hostile forces” determined to undermine its leadership, and points to the United States as the mastermind. Shin Dong-hyuk is one of the most prominent defectors from North Korea whose account of torture and escape from a political prison camp gripped international investigators examining the North’s human rights conditions.
He said the North had put his father in a propaganda video released this week that portrays Shin as a criminal active in fabricating human rights problems. “The dictator is holding my father hostage,” Shin said in a post on his Facebook page on Tuesday, referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The page carried a series of still images of an elderly man taken from the video interview.
The man in the video, which was seen by Reuters, was speaking in a modestly furnished Korean-style living room. He urges Shin to “come to your senses and return to the embrace of the Party,” referring to the North’s ruling Workers’ Party, which Kim Jong Un heads. Speaking to Reuters later by telephone from South Korea, where he lives, Shin said he could not be sure where the video was taken or whether his father had been brought from a prison camp to produce the footage.
“I had thought my father had died. But this is definitely my father,” he said. “I’d never thought I’d be grateful to North Korea … for showing me that he is alive.” “I think it’s probably because of everything that’s going on at the United Nations … maybe the message is if I refuse to be quiet, they will kill him.”
LAZY AND UNRELIABLE
The video was titled “Truth and Lies” and was released by the China-based Website Uriminzokkiri, which carries pro-North Korea propaganda, aimed at Koreans abroad. It also showed people it said knew Shin before his escape and by his former name “Shin In Gun”. Those interviewed in the video said Shin was lazy and unreliable as a worker at a mine, and he left the country to avoid punishment for the rape of a 13-year-old girl and he now spread “preposterous false information” about human rights.
Shin said the accusation of sexual assault was a fabrication which he had heard before. Neither the narrator in the video continued…

DuPont Reports Increase in Third Quarter EarningsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Western women deploy soft-power of Isis© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d8b020c-5792-11e4-8493-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crude price fall hits energy companiesEnergy groups left bruised as falling oil prices bite into profits
Michael Kavanagh and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcbe77dc-5e96-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fadnavis selected Maharashtra CM  says will lead people s govtDevendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:37 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:12 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis will be the new chief minister of Maharashtra after he was elected the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s legislature party on Tuesday, as the party continued talks with former ally Shiv Sena on whether to form a government together.
Advertisement
Fadnavis is the first BJP chief minister of the state and will head a minority government if the party fails to strike a deal with the Sena.
He will be sworn in along with seven ministers on Friday at Wankhede Stadium.
At 44, Fadnavis will be the second youngest Maharashtra chief minister - next only to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar, who was sworn in when he was 37 years old. Fadnavis will also be the first BJP CM in the politically crucial state.
Speaking in Marathi and Hindi as supporters went wild celebrating his elevation, Fadnavis credited the BJP's performance in the assembly polls to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, party president Amit Shah and other colleagues.
"It will be a government of people… We will follow the path shown by Modiji," Fadnavis said after his selection.
"I thank the party for picking me, though there were other eligible people," he added.
Complications had cropped up after nearly 40 BJP legislators from the Vidarbha region - where the party won 44 seats in the assembly elections - openly backed Union minister Nitin Gadkari for the top job. Three MLAs even offered to quit in order to pave the way for Gadkari to get elected.
Amid the confusion, Gadkari met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat on Saturday. There were indications the BJP's parent body had endorsed Fadnavis as CM.
According to RSS insiders, Bhagwat wanted Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to take the reins of the state. The RSS chief is believed to have advised Fadnavis to take major decisions after consulting Gadkari.
Fadnavis, whom Modi had described as "Nagpur's gift to the country" at an election rally, had headed the BJP in the state when it posted most impressive performances in both Lok Sabha and assembly polls.
Known to be a meticulous politician with a clean image, he has his roots in the RSS. The BJP CM-designate tore into the former Congress-NCP government during the election campaign, making the issue of corruption both a poll plank and an election promise.
An articulate politician, he is also credited with pushing the previous government into a corner over the alleged irrigation scam, which many say is primarily responsible for a spate of suicide by farmers in the parched Vidarbha region.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is also the only the second Brahmin to become the chief minister — after BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi .
Unlike some of those whose names were doing the rounds for chief ministership, Fadnavis has never held any ministerial position. Fadnavis’ detractors had highlighted his lack of administrative experience to edge him out of the race.
However, his clean public image and solid backing from the Modi-Shah combine helped the young leader from Nagpur emerge as the winner.
According to reports, just seven BJP ministers will take oath on Friday in an event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
To ally or not to ally
There is still no clarity, however, on whether the BJP will join hands with the Shiv Sena to form the government.
"BJP wants to take Sena along,"  JP Nadda, party-in-charge of Maharashtra, said on Tuesday.
The Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on Friday.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP told the Sena on Sunday to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The NCP weakened the Sena's case further when Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
(With agency inputs)

NOT-SO-SWEET HOME ALABAMATim Cook Calls Out His Home State Over Lack Of LGBT Rights
 | By                                                                JAY REEVES
reddit
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama was too slow to guarantee the rights of minorities during the civil rights era, and now it's too slow to ensure the rights of people based on sexual orientation and gender identity, Apple CEO Tim Cook said Monday in challenging his home state to do better.
Cook's comments came as he, University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban and six others were inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, which recognizes living state natives for their contributions.
Speaking at the Capitol in the chamber where the state voted to secede from the Union in 1861, Cook said Alabama and the nation "have a long way to go" before realizing Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream of equality.
Alabama was "too slow" to guarantee rights in the 1960s, Cook said, and it removed a ban on interracial marriage from its Constitution only 14 years ago.
"And (Alabama is) still too slow on equality for the LGBT community. Under the law, citizens of Alabama can still be fired based on their sexual orientation," said Cook, a native of coastal Baldwin County. "We can't change the past, but we can learn from it and we can create a different future."
Alabama is among the states that do not recognize same-sex marriage, and it also doesn't offer legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Cook also called educational equality "one of the greatest civil rights issues of our times." Earlier this year, Apple said it would give $100 million for school technology, and Cook announced the money would go for equipment and training at 114 schools in more than 29 states, including five in Alabama.
"We at Apple view it our responsibility to step up and act," Cook said. The company is partnering with the White House on the project.
Cook is a native of Robertsdale who attended Auburn University. He succeeded Apple founder Steve Jobs as chief executive officer in 2011.
Other honorees included University of Alabama President Judy Bonner; Big Oak Ranch founder John Croyle; biotech leader Jim Hudson Jr. of Huntsville; U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions; former Mountain Brook mayor Margaret Porter; and businessman Edgar Welden.
The Apple executive spoke on behalf of the group. He visited a Baptist church once pastored by King before the ceremony.
More:

Tim Cook Calls Out His Home State Over Lack Of LGBT RightsTim Cook Calls Out His Home State Over Lack Of LGBT Rights
 | By                                                                JAY REEVES
reddit
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama was too slow to guarantee the rights of minorities during the civil rights era, and now it's too slow to ensure the rights of people based on sexual orientation and gender identity, Apple CEO Tim Cook said Monday in challenging his home state to do better.
Cook's comments came as he, University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban and six others were inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, which recognizes living state natives for their contributions.
Speaking at the Capitol in the chamber where the state voted to secede from the Union in 1861, Cook said Alabama and the nation "have a long way to go" before realizing Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream of equality.
Alabama was "too slow" to guarantee rights in the 1960s, Cook said, and it removed a ban on interracial marriage from its Constitution only 14 years ago.
"And (Alabama is) still too slow on equality for the LGBT community. Under the law, citizens of Alabama can still be fired based on their sexual orientation," said Cook, a native of coastal Baldwin County. "We can't change the past, but we can learn from it and we can create a different future."
Alabama is among the states that do not recognize same-sex marriage, and it also doesn't offer legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Cook also called educational equality "one of the greatest civil rights issues of our times." Earlier this year, Apple said it would give $100 million for school technology, and Cook announced the money would go for equipment and training at 114 schools in more than 29 states, including five in Alabama.
"We at Apple view it our responsibility to step up and act," Cook said. The company is partnering with the White House on the project.
Cook is a native of Robertsdale who attended Auburn University. He succeeded Apple founder Steve Jobs as chief executive officer in 2011.
Other honorees included University of Alabama President Judy Bonner; Big Oak Ranch founder John Croyle; biotech leader Jim Hudson Jr. of Huntsville; U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions; former Mountain Brook mayor Margaret Porter; and businessman Edgar Welden.
The Apple executive spoke on behalf of the group. He visited a Baptist church once pastored by King before the ceremony.
More:

Security scare for David Cameron as UK man runs into himDavid Cameron's personal security is provided by officers from the Metropolitan Police's Specialist Protection Command.
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:03 pm
The British police unit responsible for Prime Minister David Cameron’s security said they would conduct a review after a man ran up to the leader on a street and appeared to collide with him Monday.
Video of the scene, broadcast repeatedly on British television, showed the man rushing at Cameron as he left a news conference and walked toward his car in the northern English city of Leeds on Monday. Security staff then bundled the man to the ground, as Cameron got in the car unharmed.
Police detained the 28-year-old man briefly, but quickly released him after establishing that no threats were made. West Yorkshire Police said that there was “nothing sinister” about the incident, and the man was just “in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
Cameron’s personal security is provided by officers from the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Protection Command, which said they would review the incident.

Earnings-season fight song: "Beat It"SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Michael Jackson performs “Beat It” during his “30th Anniversary Celebration, The Solo Years” concert at New York’s Madison Square Garden, Friday, Sept. 7, 2001. (AP Photo/Beth A. Keiser, Pool)
Corporate America is taking a page out of the late-Michael Jackson’s songbook. This third-quarter earnings season, the Wall Street fight song mimics the pop star’s hit: “Beat It.”
More than seven out of 10 companies, or 73%, of the 245 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index that have reported earnings, have topped Wall Street forecasts. That “beat rate” is better than the 20-year average of 63%, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The strong start to the third-quarter earnings reporting season is a big reason why the stock market has been in rally mode. Last week, the S&P 500 posted its best weekly gain of the year, rising more than 4%. And today the benchmark large-company U.S. stock index is up 13 points, or 0.6%, to 1974.
Pacing the beat parade in the July-through-September quarter is the industrial sector, with 86% of companies beating expectations, and technology, with 83% topping forecasts.
Here’s how all 10 sectors of the S&P 500 are faring versus Wall Street earnings-per-share expectations. The chart below shows the percentage of companies in each sector that have topped forecasts so far:
With nearly half of companies having reported, more than seven out of 10 companies in S&P 500 have topped expectations. (Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S)
The growth rate for profits is also coming in better-than-expected. Currently, profit growth of 8.1% is expected vs. the same period a year ago, which is better than the 6.4% expected at the start of the month.
The chart below shows the earnings growth rate for each of the 10 S&P 500 sectors, vs. estimates back on Oct. 1:
Companies in the S&P 500-stock index are posting better-than-expected earnings  growth in the third-quarter of 2014. (Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S)

Questions for Within: What to Ask Yourself When Creating Your Dream Businessreddit
Recently, a prospect of mine told me how much she was impressed by how I knew my business' services and agendas inside and out despite it being a newborn business.  I giggled a little and commented back after a thank you, "It was always inside of me, I just know what it is now."
It is surprising to me sometimes that a few hours poring over a composition notebook evolved into an already thriving business but to me I see is as a business that was always within me but didn't have the allowance to speak.  Throughout my consultations recently, I have seen the same aspects screaming from my prospects.   To begin the pathway for their dream message however, starts like every other life change with a few questions to yourself and being honest when you answer.
Do You Really Want To Work For Yourself?
While I call myself an accidental entrepreneur, I love that I am one.  However, working for yourself is a struggle as well as a service to yourself and others.  That being said, I always make sure any prospect I work with truly wants the responsibility that comes with the freedom of being your own boss.
Do You Love Your Business Today?
Believe it or not,  I have had many clients who have a thriving business but, to be blunt, they hate it.  They dread waking up in the morning as well as serving their clients.  Money is needed in a business but what is needed more...passion for the cause you serve with your offerings.  My husband likes to say that with the economic era we are in, our generation will probably work for our entire lives or at least most of it.  With that in mind, I try for myself and my clients to assure that passion always comes first and to remind them that with passion...there will always be profit.
What is the One to Three Services You'd Do For Free?
This question is important for two reasons.  One is that when you first start a business, until you get the right message and marketing agendas, you will be doing your services (both for visibility and practice) for a low-cost if not free. I personally have many blogs on the World Wide Web and press releases in newsroom files that I did not get paid for or was paid less than what I charge today.  The other reason this is an important question is that while profit does come, it should not have to come as a result of any struggle within yourself.  The best services come from those who are happy to give them, not the ones giving them only for a paycheck.
Do You Have a Plan To Check In on Yourself?
One of the first blogs I wrote was how your blog can actually tell you how in love or out of love you are with your business. While this is a great thermometer to use, everyone in business for themselves must have some aspect of their daily or at least weekly lives that is made just to check-in and make sure your business still speaks your voice as well as what you are attempting to say. For me, it's journaling the answers to questions such as this as well as asks for reviews from coaches and consultants I trust to review recent actions I have taken and agendas such as this blog.  This keeps my business in check and makes sure any changes or evolutions that are needed occur immediately and strategically.
In the end, the only person that can really make or break your business is you.   Because of that, you have to serve yourself before you can serve others.  That is why before I work with anyone I have them ask questions such as this; not only does it make sure they are really hearing the whisper within but also the screams which in the end can either evolve into a business they truly desire, or finally closing a life chapter and going back to their own drawing board.   Either way, if the questions are answered honestly, the new chapter they enter is always one of passion, profit and as I say to my clients...their own monetizing movement.
Follow Heather Piedmont on Twitter: www.twitter.com/heatherpiedmont
More:

The Holidays Are Here: Get Fourth Quarter Content Readyreddit
By now -- thanks to Starbucks' widely favorited Pumpkin Spice Lattes and Christmas decorations already on sale -- the holidays are clearly upon us. As families buy gifts, finalize travel arrangements and plan festivities, one thing is for sure: there's never a better time than the holidays to be a marketer.
Take it from Netflix , Target and more, whose marketing efforts fueled millions of dollars in profits: the holidays are a goldmine for engaging audiences, forging new connections and driving revenue. In 2012, almost 130 million consumers shopped online to take advantage of Cyber Monday's deals and steals. In 2013 alone, 49 percent of holiday marketing campaigns were created and launched before Halloween -- and in 2012, 20 percent of marketing budgets was attributed to these holiday campaigns, proving that companies are willing to spend big to see traction during this important time of year.
Marketers are in the throes of a major opportunity and having a plan in place this holiday season is crucial. After all, Santa doesn't start building his list the day before Christmas. To ensure that your content gets seen, makes an impression and, most importantly, drives performance, here are three tactics your brand should focus on going into the fourth quarter's many festivities:
1. Develop creative assets.
If we've learned anything about holiday marketing campaigns, we know that they're nothing short of creative. Think back to the most memorable Christmas commercial or Halloween advertisement you've seen: why did it grab your attention? Chances are, there's an image that resonates with you still. It's no secret that image-based content makes an impression; after all, the attention span of the average consumer is eight seconds, so marketers must be strategic.
According to a recent study , image and video content boasts higher click-through-rates in more than half of search positions. Adding a creative element to all of your digital assets is paramount to engaging users. Take Coke Zero's 2013 Sweater Generator , for example. To give consumers a creative way to engage with the brand, the brand conceptualized the epitome of an old holiday tradition: ugly sweaters. Sweater enthusiasts made over 18,000 in the first 36 hours of the campaign, proving that a visual experience can be a great way to generate conversation with a company's users. Clearly, it's paid off: Coke Zero has 5.8 million fans and 130,000 followers on Twitter, helping followers keep tabs on the company's future creative pursuits.
2. Know the competitive landscape.
Thousands of brands of all sizes and industries flock to digital channels left and right, hoping to engage, impress and strike a chord with audiences around everyone's favorite time of year. While it can be inspiring, it's also downright crowded: if your brand wants to see true success understanding the competitive makeup of your market is crucial.
Look at Emirates, for example. Just in time for the holidays, the Dubai-based airline has unleashed an entirely new content marketing strategy, and has been called the "World's Most Glamorous Airline" by AdWeek. In an industry that is as crowded as any, it can be tough for air travel companies to find success. According to a recent report , a startling zero individual airline companies fall in the top ten domain listings for air transportation, meaning that consumer demand is sharply focused on agencies like Expedia, Tripadvisor and Kayak (which make up nine of the top ten players). For Emirates, the challenge of a fiercely competitive market only served as inspiration: the company's branding experts examined the market and discovered a serious lack of luxury airlines -- and launched its attempt to bring "glamour, service and comfort back to air travel." As we enter the holiday season at full speed, take a lesson from Emirates and fill the gaps in your crowded market -- before another company does it first.
3. Don't forget the bigger picture.
When going to bat with dozens of competitors, it's a given that you'll have to stand out. While it is essential to end the year with a bang, don't put all your eggs in one basket. The trickiest part of holiday marketing isn't just the holiday part: it's making sure your marketing efforts can translate to the rest of the year. Before launching your holiday campaigns, determine the potential to recycle your holiday-related content for other seasons, events and festivities. Plus, it's never too early to start thinking about 2015. Consider launching the first of a multi-year campaign, and be prepared to monitor user data to improve future holiday marketing efforts. Executing a content strategy that builds year-over-year is not only smart, it's necessary to going above and beyond the holiday status quo. Besides, engaging with your consumers is all cultivating a memorable experience -- and isn't that what the holidays are really about?
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

4 Ways to Get Away With Napping on the JobThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Google officially announces Android 5.0 Lollipop with default encryptionBy Andrea Peterson October 28 Follow @kansasalps
(Georges Gobet/AFP/Getty Images)
Google officially announced the latest version of its popular Android mobile operating system (5.0, dubbed "Lollipop")  in a blog post Tuesday, which includes a feature that will automatically encrypt users data by default. The update  will begin rolling out in November.
The company has allowed users to encrypt information stored on some mobile devices running the Android operating system since 2011. But the feature was not widely adopted.
Soon, devices with the latest version of the Android software will be encrypted by default during the activation process -- preventing Google from unlocking the device, even at the request of law enforcement. The new default encryption works by creating a unique key for decrypting the device that is stored on the phone and not accessible to Google.
Only someone who knows the device's password would be able to see the pictures, messages and videos stores on the device, although law enforcement could still gain access to information backed up in the cloud, as well as metadata from wireless carriers through court orders.
Not all Android users are likely to receive the latest version at the same time . Android devices are made by various manufacturers and supported by various wireless carriers -- each of whom tailors Android updates to consumers. So it may be months before this update makes its way into the hands of most or even some consumers.
The move to default encryption was revealed  last month , shortly after Apple announced a similar shift in its latest mobile operating system. It comes as major tech companies have rushed to add layers of security to their products and services in the wake of former contractor Edward Snowden's revelations about the pervasiveness of data collection by the National Security Agency.
Law enforcement figures have sharply criticized the companies for the encryption, arguing that it will limit the ability of investigators to pursue legitimate warrants. Earlier this month, FBI Director James Comey said he was "deeply concerned" about the companies' actions in a remarks at a Brookings Institution event -- suggesting they had to potential to create a "black hole" that law enforcement count not penetrate.
Others, including The Washington Post's editorial board,   have argued that tech companies should maintain a "golden key" to be used only in the event of a court-approved search warrant. But security experts widely mocked  such suggestions, saying that such a universal key amounted to the creation of a backdoor that would fundamentally weaken the mobile device's security and create an avenue that could be exploited by cybercriminals.
"Software systems are incredibly complex, and it is a challenge to protect them from attack even in the most ideal circumstances," said Tom Cross, director of security research at network visibility vendor Lancope, who has written about problems in systems designed to help law enforcement access data. "Deliberately introducing additional vulnerabilities for law enforcement access just makes matters worse – we don't know how to design those backdoors reliably."
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

YouTube explores paid  ad-free video service0
"There are going to be cases where people are going to say ‘I don't want to see the ads or I want to have a different kind of experience'," Susan Wojcicki, a Google senior vice president who heads the YouTube business, said at the Code/Mobile technology conference in Half Moon Bay, California late on Monday.
Wojcicki, who became the head of YouTube in February after several years overseeing Google's multibillion-dollar advertising business, said a paid video service was "near-term" but provided few details, including how much a subscription would cost.
In May 2013, YouTube launched a pilot program that allowed individual content creators to charge consumers a subscription fee to access a particular "channel" of videos. Wojcicki on Monday described a broader subscription service in which consumers would pay to access an ad-free version of YouTube's vast collection of videos.
"We're early in that process. But if you look at media over time, most of them have both ads and subscription," he said.
(Reporting by Alexei Oreskovic; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)

Homeownership rate slips again in third quarterHomeownership rate slips again in third quarter
RealEstat
Stefano Paltera, For The Times
Stefano Paltera, For The Times
Percentage of people who were homeowners fell to a near 20-year low
Renters continue to push down homeownership rates
Low mortgage rates aren't sparking rise in homeownership
The growing ranks of renters have pushed down the nation's homeownership rate once again.
The Census Bureau reportd Tuesday that the nation's homeownership rate fell to 64.4 percent in the third quarter, a low not seen since the first quarter of 1995, when the rate was 64.2 percent. 
It was the fourth consecutive quarterly decline for homeownership. In 2013's third quarter, the rate was 65.3 percent, according to the data.
Home price gains in the Chicago area showed signs of slowing in August, posting the smallest monthly increase in home sales prices in six months, according to data released Tuesday. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
Also during the third quarter, 7.4 percent of rental housing units were reported as vacant, almost 1 percent lower than a year ago, and the homeowner vacancy rate of 1.8 percent was slightly lower than a year ago. As of September, the rental vacancy rate was the lowest it has been since at least early 2005.
On a national level, the median rent was $756 a month.
mepodmolik@tribune.com

Three Quotes To Help Entrepreneurs When Things Get Toughreddit
Last week was Goldman Sachs' third annual Builders + Innovators Summit , created to gather the year's 100 most intriguing entrepreneurs from around the country and give them the opportunity to hear from, and even more notably, mix and mingle with a select group of extremely accomplished entrepreneurs.   To say the days are energetic doesn't do it justice (and that's without even considering the SoulCycle and Newton running crowds). Everyone there is intent on learning as much as possible from each other as quickly as possible.
One of my favorite things to do there is to listen for themes and quotes.  The themes tell me what seems to be top of mind for the entrepreneurs who came to speak to the up and comers. The quotes give me powerful words to share with the business owners I work with the rest of the year.  Given that small business owners often talk about being lonely, actual words from other owners carry a great deal of weight.
"If you don't have jobs, it's hard to have other things like health and education."  - Michael Dell, Founder and CEO, Dell Inc.
My first B+I quote for this year comes from the opening speaker, Michael Dell .  Dell has one of the more intriguing entrepreneurial  histories, going from the fabled dorm room start-up, through growing the company and taking it public, stepping down as CEO, coming back as CEO, then leading it back to its current private iteration.  Living through all these changes would seem to provide him with a business perspective not available to many other people.   At one point Dell was talking about his efforts to make job creation part of the United Nations sustainability efforts .
"Where can we take no the product, but the idea?"  - Kevin Plank, Founder of Under Armour
Next up was Kevin Plank .  I was really intrigued by how Plank described what he saw around him as a usual approach to the women's athletic market, starting from a point of "shrink it and pink it", and how he decided that this was not going to be the Under Armour approach. Instead, Kevin challenged us all to think of our approaches to our businesses from a different perspective.
"Be brutally honest about the short term and optimistic and confident about the long term."  - Reed Hastings, CEO of Netflix
And finally, Lloyd Blankfein was up interviewing Reed Hastings of NetFlix.  Notably, this was the morning of the day when NetFlix stock had gone down by 19% and HBO and CBS had announced their entry into the streaming content market.  That would seem to be enough to daunt mere mortals, but not Mr. Hastings.
While I hope you find the quotes intriguing, it's when you put them together that the "What's Working" messages pop out at me. Each of these entrepreneurs is asking us to think differently about what we do, how we do it, and what we are trying to create.  Plank suggests that we not limit ourselves to mere replication of existing solutions to people's problems, especially not limit ourselves to changing color or size.  Instead, what are the different, sometimes radically different ways we can solve our customers' pain.  Hastings pushes on the how we do it - looking ahead in a positive manner while at the same time being completely realistic about the current situation.  And Dell reminds us of the importance of creating value for our communities, with the creation of jobs being a foundation that leads to so many other opportunities for making a difference in people's lives.
To hear the words of advice from the intriguing entrepreneurs themselves, click here .
Patricia is the National Academic Director of Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses and a Professor of Entrepreneurship at Babson College . Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
More:

Is McDonald s Losing To Chipotle Maybe Notreddit
It's an assumption too often repeated as fact that McDonald's and other QSRs are losing customers to fast-casual restaurants and their claims to better food at higher prices. But interesting new data from The NPD Group provides strong reasons to doubt that assumption.
Here, from a Motley Fool post in May, is how this assumption is commonly packaged: "McDonald's has a problem. For years now the global fast-food giant has been losing sales to fast-casual restaurant chains Chipotle Mexican Grill and Panera Bread. Customers, especially in the U.S., are turning to other restaurants that offer a more appealing menu with fresher ingredients, allowing them to eat healthier and get more bang for their buck."
The Wall Street Journal recently reported that data compiled for it by Technomic that it said shows, "Customers in their 20s and 30s--long a mainstay of McDonald's business--are defecting to competitors, in particular so-called fast-casual restaurants like Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. and gourmet-burger chain Five Guys Holdings LLC."
But NPD Group's data finds that while millennials' visits to QSRs indeed have declined over the past five years, this age group still patronizes QSRs far more often than it does fast-casual restaurants. Further, the average number of millennials' fast-casual visits has not greatly increased.
NPD Group's research suggests that while QSRs are having trouble keeping millennials, fast casuals are having more difficulties attracting increasing millennial visits than is widely assumed. For the year ended June 2014, for example, younger millennials (ages 18 to 24 who make up 43% of the cohort) made 164 visits while older millennials (ages 25 to 34) visited QSRs 171 times during the year. That's down from 174 and 198, respectively, in 2009.
So where did those visits go? Younger millennials made 12 fast-casual visits and older millennials 10 fast casual visits in 2013, up from 9 and 9 respectively in 2009. It's an increase in percentage but not really in number. So while QSRs lost millennials, few of those lost visits moved laterally to the fast-casual column. They went elsewhere or simply went away; NPD does not speculate where in its report. Total QSR/fast-casual visits by all millennials declined by 13.6% between 2009 and the year ended June 2014.
The 74 million millennials made over 14 billion visits to food service establishments in the year ending June 2014, which translated to spending of $95 billion on meals and snacks away from home, NPD reports.
But millennials aren't all data analysts at tech start ups with lots of discretionary income. The 18-to-34 age group also includes a great many low-income consumers struggling in a tough economy with little discretionary income. These consumers certainly aren't considering whether to buy a burrito at Chipotle (where the average check is $9) or a half panini and soup at Panera Bread. They're more likely to be deciding what they can afford on the Dollar Menu & More. I think a significant share of those "lost" millennial QSR visits are lost at the low end of the income spectrum; not lost to fast casuals, just lost.
McClatchyDC reports that in 1999, slightly more than 52% of kids age 16 to 19 held a summer job. Last year, just 32.25% had summer employment. "It means that slightly more than three in 10 teens actually worked a summer job, out of a universe of roughly 16.8 million U.S. teens," McClatchyDC writes .
My belief is that McDonald's and other QSRs have been losing lower- and middle-income customers to a poor economy more than they have lost well-heeled customers to $9 burrito meals. There has been some trade-up out of QSRs, of course, but it's not the whole story. NPD's data make it clear that millennials are significantly decreasing their QSR visits though not greatly increasing their fast-casual visits. Attracting this age group is a challenge the whole industry faces.
Says Bonnie Riggs, NPD restaurant industry analyst, "To increase visits from millennials, restaurant operators need to meet their needs and that includes providing a unique dining experience and great service.  Price promotions, coupons, and loyalty programs--they want to be rewarded for their loyalty--can also be useful in encouraging more visits from this influential group."
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

An estimated 5.9 million voting-age Americans wont be able to vote next TuesdayBy Niraj Chokshi October 28 Follow @NirajC
Next Tuesday, tens of millions of Americans will take to the polls to vote on everything from ballot issues to federal, state and local representation. But millions of voting-age adults will be sitting this one out.
An estimated 5.85 million Americans won’t be able to vote due to prior felony convictions, according to an estimate from the Sentencing Project , a criminal justice nonprofit think tank. Of those, roughly 44 percent are estimated to be felons who live in the 12 states that still restrict voting rights after sentences have been served, a practice that excludes as many as 1 in 10 voting-age residents of Florida, the state with the highest rates of felon disenfranchisement.
The disproportionate effect on blacks
Such policies have a disproportionate impact on blacks, restricting the vote for roughly 1 in 13 voting-age blacks nationwide.
But in some states, the rate is much higher . More than 20 percent of voting-age blacks in Florida, Kentucky and Virginia will not be able to vote due to felony convictions—whether or not they have fully served their sentences. In six more states, such policies affect between 10 percent and 20 percent of black adults.
Overall disenfranchisement rates by state
Florida is home not only to the highest rates of black felon disenfranchisement, but overall disenfranchisement, too. More than 10 percent of voting-age Floridians are not able to vote . Mississippi is next, with a disenfranchisement rate of 8.3 percent. Another five states—Kentucky, Virginia, Alabama, Tennessee, and Wyoming—have rates above 5 percent.
Impact on the election
Felony disenfranchisement in the 2014 Senate battleground states. (Sentencing Project)
Felon voting restrictions could have consequences on the election, especially where races are tight, such as the battleground states highlighted by the Sentencing Project graphic above.
A policy rooted in post-Reconstruction America
The Sentencing Project’s estimates for disenfranchisement in the current election are based off of a 2012 report  and are in line with numbers cited by Attorney General Eric Holder, who in February made the case for restoring voting rights for felons.
In that speech, Holder said that such laws were used by states after the Civil War to keep blacks from casting ballots. Blacks account for 38 percent of disenfranchised Americans. Such disenfranchisement rates are highest in the South, as the proportional 2010 map below shows.
Cartogram of disenfranchisement rates, 2010. (Sentencing Project)
Who has the strictest felon-voting restrictions?
Felony Disenfranchisement Restrictions by State, 2014. (Sentencing Project)
Only two states—Maine and Vermont—allow felons in or out of prison to vote. Thirteen states and D.C. prohibit voting for those currently in prison or jail. Four more states also ban voting for those on parole. Nineteen states ban voting for this in prison or jail, out on parole or out on probation. And 12 states additionally ban voting in at least some way for voting-age adults who have fully served their sentence.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Trotz scrambles lines again before DetroitBy Alex Prewitt October 28 Follow @alex_prewitt
Ovechkin and Backstrom are no more…at least for now. (Sergei Belski/USA TODAY Sports)
For the third time in five day-before-game practices, the Washington Capitals arrived at the rink and discovered significant changes on their forward lines. Without prior notice, they put on different colored sweaters and set about developing chemistry beside new teammates. And for the first time all season, Alex Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom skated on different lines.
After Coach Barry Trotz scrambled the lines before Washington faced New Jersey, and then again in western Canada before Calgary, the Capitals won both games. So following a disappointing end to their week-long road trip with a loss at Vancouver, with Detroit visiting Verizon Center on Wednesday evening, Trotz again slipped into his lab coat, poured the ingredients into his beakers and shook everything up.
“I think there’s always a time to do something,” Trotz said. “I think the way we play and the guys that are playing, I think they can move around … Moving guys around, you send different messages.”
The latest iteration saw Andre Burakovsky and Joel Ward promoted onto the top line beside Ovechkin, who for the second time in his career has mustered fewer than three shots in four straight games. The captain and Backstrom had excelled together in puck possession, registering a 61.1 percent Corsi-for – a measurement of shot differential – at even strength, but Ovechkin has also not scored since Washington beat the Devils, 6-2.
“I think we’ve been playing really well defensively, but maybe hasn’t really clicked offensively,” Backstrom said. “Maybe that’s what he’s thinking, switch it up, get a couple new looks.”
Trotz singled out Ward as proof of the motivation such tweaks could offer. He demoted Ward to the fourth line after a lackluster game in Edmonton, then the right winger scored twice in Calgary. With Backstrom now centering Marcus Johansson and Troy Brouwer, it appears Trotz searched for something similar in the offensive zone.
“We need some balance in our scoring a little bit,” he said. “I think we’re getting it from our bottom six. Need a little more consistency on our top six. Game in and game out. That’s the group. If we’re going to be a good team, we need to be a deep team. I think we are. We’re deep enough that we can come with four lines if we need to.”
With seven points in eight games and a 57 percent even-strength Corsi-for , Burakovsky has exceeded all preseason expectations as a 19-year-old rookie, particularly since he began playing center less than six months ago. He had spent the entire regular season skating beside Johansson, with either Brooks Laich or Brouwer on the right wing. But only 3 minutes, 23 seconds of Burakovsky’s even-strength ice time has come with Ovechkin, and 8 minutes, 32 seconds with Ward.
“I think sometimes you have to change the lineups to get everyone going,” Burakovsky said. “I think the line looks really good right now. I think I was playing well with JoJo, but I think I can be even better with Ovi and Ward. It feels good out there and I think it can be good.”
As Tom Wilson prepares to possibly make his season debut with the Capitals, back from a weekend rehab stint in Hershey after offseason ankle surgery, Jay Beagle and Eric Fehr both skated Tuesday at right wing beside Evgeny Kuznetsov and Jason Chimera.
Eight games into the regular season, Trotz also saw secondary benefits in frequent changes, safeguarding against injury by allowing players to experience skating with different linemates. He handled the preseason in similar fashion.
“The great thing about mixing the lines up, you can always put them back together,” Trotz said. “That’s the cool thing. It’s not like they’re written in stone.”
And if you feel dizzied by the recent changes, here is a handy Microsoft Paint chart to help you out:
Three line tweaks over the past five games, visualized in Microsoft Paint. pic.twitter.com/8nuZDa9roE
— Alex Prewitt (@alex_prewitt) October 28, 2014
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

The campaign of beers: Why suds are flowing on the midterm trailBy Emily Heil October 28 Follow @emilyaheil
President Obama has a beer at Wynkoop Brewing Co. in Denver with Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper on July 8. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Not since Hillary Rodham Clinton ordered a shot of whiskey to chase her brew during her 2008 presidential run has the campaign trail felt so awash in booze.
Beer has played a notable role in the 2014 elections. Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) famously helped a tailgating LSU student do a keg stand .  Senate candidate Scott Brown (R) attended a suds-soaked tailgate earlier this month at the University of New Hampshire, then campaigned at a craft-beer festival last week. His Democratic opponent, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, highlighted her support of small-business legislation by sipping a pour during a tour of the Smuttynose Brewery.
Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley recently campaigned for Democrats in Colorado, where he appeared at a fundraiser held at Denver’s Epic Brewing. There, he vowed to buy a beer for anyone who signed up to volunteer,  the Denver Post reported . “This is not an idle promise,” he told the crowd.
Put it on your calendar: Beer with Brat on November 1! #VA07 pic.twitter.com/5nU03Yg4A7
— Dave Brat VA 7th (@DaveBratVA7th) October 16, 2014
Politicians have long turned to the bottle when courting voters, the conventional wisdom being that knocking back a beer lends even the stiffest candidate an Everyman appeal. But brew-as-campaign-prop can come with perils, and a candidate can’t be seen as too hard a partier. Landrieu, for example, was all too happy to assist the LSU student with his keg-draining (she held the tap), but she had her limit: Asked if she wanted to take her turn, she declined.
Matt Laslo, a freelance reporter who runs an interview series with lawmakers called “Bills and Brews,” says the new comfort with suds on the trail is related to the proliferation of craft breweries in congressional districts in states both red and blue. Now, the act of drinking a beer is not just a gesture meant to show how likable and relate-able one is. It’s also an act of economic boosterism.
“The huge economic success of small brewers… gives them cover,” Laslo says. “It’s win-win.”
But there’s one new danger for candidates looking to toss back a frosty pint of job creation, he notes. Creative — and sometimes edgy — names that might not jibe with a family-values platform (Polygamy Porter, anyone?) are common among the new wave of ales and IPAs.
“So they have to watch out for that.”
 

Wall St. climbs on earnings  confidence dataWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

SC slams Centre  asks it to reveal all names of black money account holders todaySupreme Court pulls up Centre over black money, asks it to submit full list of names today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:59 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Wednesday, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
Sternly rejecting the Centre’s argument that revealing the identity of legal account holders would amount to breach of privacy, a special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu said, “Don’t give us your list... but the names given to you by France and Germany. If it breaches confidentiality, let it be.”
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
“Why are you taking the trouble to investigate? We have taken the responsibility to bring back the (black) money and we will decide the future course (of action),” the CJI said when attorney general Mukul Rohatgi argued that a modification was imperative as the court order was acting as a hindrance in signing future tax treaties.
The top law officer, who denied the government was shielding anybody, offered to give the names to the court-appointed special investigating team (SIT) after completion of the probe.
But the court retorted, “It (probe) will never happen during our time. You don’t verify. Just pass (on) the information to us. We will ask the SIT or income tax department or probably the CBI to investigate… Let SIT declare the accounts don’t have a tinge of black money. If the money is hard-earned, nobody will insist it be brought back.”
Read: Govt discloses eight names to SC, no politician in first list
Bowing to the court’s direction, Rohatgi later told HT, “There are over 600 names in the list — we will give the entire list in sealed cover to the court. I’m sure the court will take appropriate steps to maintain their confidentiality.”
“The government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it (the list) to the court, and the government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given it to the court-constituted SIT,” finance minister Arun Jaitley also told the media.
“The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law, we must get to the root of the matter and the truth about these names as also these accounts must come out.”
The court’s direction came a day after the Centre filed an affidavit giving the names of seven individuals and a mining company who have allegedly stashed black money abroad and are facing prosecution for tax evasion under the Income Tax Act.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter. Accusing the BJP of protecting such people, he also tweeted, “If BJP discloses all black money holders’ names, then who will give them money to fight elections in some states and buy MLAs in others?”
The Congress, on its part, said the court order had exposed the Centre’s “lame excuses” on disclosure of names and vindicated its stand that there should not be partial and selective leaks. “During the Lok Sabha election campaign, BJP leaders were declaring from the rooftops that black money stashed abroad would be brought back within 100 days. But when it came to declaring the names, they just released three,” general secretary Ajay Maken said.

RSS outfits concerned over some govt policiesRSS outfits concerned over some govt policies
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 00:10 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:12 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
Organisations affiliated to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) listed their priorities and voiced concerns over a few policies of the Narendra Modi government in a brainstorming session with four Union ministers on Tuesday.
The meeting was held behind closed doors as the RSS has decided not to allow its associates to embarrass the government by airing grievances against it in public, sources said.
Representatives of the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS), Swadeshi Jagran Manch (SJM) and a few other groups met the ministers for agriculture, information and broadcasting (I&B), labour and power “to iron out differences in an amicable way”, sources said.
Similar meetings will be held with other ministries as well, a minister told HT.
BMS members said the government should revisit its policy on contractual employment and asked that the status of “employee” be granted to anganwadi workers, while labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar promised to look into the matter “compassionately”, sources said. The meeting was also attended by senior RSS leaders Suresh Soni and Krishan Gopal, and BJP general secretaries Ram Lal and Ram Madhav.
The BKS expressed concerns over field trials of genetically modified (GM) crops, saying they would be detrimental to farmers’ interests. I&B minister Prakash Javadekar briefed the representatives about the status of a GM crops case before the Supreme Court and promised to take their views into consideration before making a decision.
While the SJM raised concerns over the government’s growing dependence on foreign direct investment (FDI) in various sectors, the ministers said the approach was cautious and had proper safeguards.

October scare fades: S&P 500  Nasdaq in black for monthOctober scare fades, S&P 500, Nasdaq in black for month
By: Adam Shell October 28, 2014 2:48 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A spooky start to October on Wall Street has turned less frightful. Members of the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders and guests prepare to perform in costumes at half time of an NFL game against the Washington Redskins Oct. 27 in Arlington, Texas. (Tim Sharp, AP)
Earlier this month, October lived up to its reputation as a “jinx month.” Stocks plunged, only to zoom back up in a rollercoaster-like ride. Well, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have erased all their October losses.
The S&P 500 tumbled 5.6% from its closing September level of 1972.29 to its closing low for the month of 1862.49 on Oct. 15. But in today’s trading action, which was bolstered by a seven-year high in consumer confidence and more strong earnings reports from Corporate America, the S&P 500 was back in the black for the month with about an hour left in the trading session. The index was up 15 points, or 0.8%, to 1976.65.
Similarly, the tech-packed Nasdaq composite shrugged off weaker user growth and tepid earnings guidance last night from social media stock Twitter to rally and erase all of its October losses as well. It erased the 6.2% hole it dug for itself at its low on Oct. 13, and rallied 60 points Tuesday, or 1.3%, to 4545.88 — eclipsing the 4493.39 level at the end of September.
The Dow Jones industrial average, despite today’s 114-point gain to 16,932, is still below the 17,042.90 level at the end of September.

Sarah Palin: Im hopefully running for office in the futureBy Sean Sullivan October 28 Follow @WaPoSean
Palin says she may be back on the ballot sometime. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File)
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin (R) suggested Tuesday that she has not run her last campaign for public office.
Palin said in an interview on Fox Business Network that her "haters" only strengthen her resolve to be a force in politics.
“It invigorates me it wants me to get out there and defend the innocent," she said. "It makes me want to work so hard for justice in this country. So, hey, the more they’re pouring on, the more I’m going to bug the crap out of them by being out there with a voice, with the message, hopefully running for office in the future too.”
Palin, the 2008 vice presidential nominee, resigned as governor of Alaska in 2009.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Do you ride the Silver Line from Maryland or D.C. to TysonsBy Paul Duggan October 28
(Robert Thomson – The Washington Post0
Do you live east of the Anacostia River – in either Prince George’s County or Southeast Washington – and use Metro to travel to and from work in the Tysons Corner or Reston areas? We’d like to talk with you for a story.
Contact Post reporter Paul Duggan, either by phone, 202-334-5595, or e-mail, dugganp@washpost.com. Please include a phone number and the best times to reach you.

Grudens halftime talk rallied offenseBy Liz Clarke October 28 Follow @lizclarketweet
Coach Jay Gruden during overtime in their win over the Cowboys. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
For quarterback Colt McCoy , who hadn’t started an NFL game in nearly three years, getting through the first half of Monday’s game against Dallas was a matter of shaking off rust, settling his nerves and adjusting to the speed of DeSean Jackson .
McCoy proved a quick study in the 20-17 overtime upset . But it apparently took strong words from Coach Jay Gruden at halftime to keep the receiving corps from imploding in frustration after the third-string quarterback they barely knew under-threw them, missed throws and squandered scoring opportunities in a shaky first half.
A punt return by Andre Roberts and a Cowboys fumble forced by Brandon Meriweather and recovered by Trent Murphy handed Washington two drives that started at the Dallas 48 and 25, respectively. But the Redskins managed three points from them. At the end of the first half Washington trailed, 7-3, and was 0 for 4 on third downs.
“Pierre in particular felt [we were] leaving things out there,” Gruden said afterward. “[I] had to come in at half and put out some fires. … Everybody started panicking, getting upset. But we just had to calm everybody down, stay the course and stick with the game plan.”
McCoy, who finished 25 of 30 for 299 yards , one interception, one rushing touchdown, shouldered the blame for the shaky first half. He praised the defense for keeping Washington in the game, forcing multiple turnovers, and thanked the receivers for bearing with him.
“I called a play wrong in the huddle,” McCoy said. “I got really frustrated early in the game — short-armed DeSean on a completion he could have scored on. I missed him on a third down outside low ball where I just needed to let the ball go.”
McCoy completed 8 of 11 throws for 112 yards in the first half.
After Gruden’s talk at the break, Washington’s offense put together an 80-yard drive to open the third quarter, with Alfred Morris retaking the lead on a five-yard rushing touchdown. McCoy did better at trusting his receivers, letting the ball fly and gauging Jackson’s breakaway speed.
“I felt in the pocket that I threw good balls, but DeSean is so fast that I’ve just got to let it go,” McCoy said. “I grew up as the game went on, and I felt more and more comfortable.”
The stats reflected it. McCoy was 17 of 19 for 187 yards in the second half and completed 14 of his last 15 throws.
Jackson gave him a qualified endorsement.
“The biggest things I can say about him is that he understands and knows the more he is out there, the better he is going to get,” Jackson said of McCoy. “We just have to stay patient with him. We know there’s going to be good times, there’s going to be bad times. But throughout a full, 60-minute game, we just have to be there for him when it counts, when it matters, like it did tonight. All receivers came up with big plays.”
The victory snapped a six-game winning streak by the Cowboys (6-2, 1-1 NFC East) and improved the Redskins to 3-5 overall and 1-2 in the division heading into Sunday’s game at Minneapolis.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in Tuesday’s  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

How our winner-take-all society makes us tougher on our kidsBy Roberto A. Ferdman October 28 Follow @robferdman
There's a reason why some countries emphasize hard work while others don't. (Seokyong Lee/Bloomberg News)
The rise of helicopter parents like Amy Chua, whose 2011 book "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" brought attention to an increasingly popular parenting style emphasizing hard work and strict child rearing, could be less of a cultural phenomenon than a mere economic reality.
Strict parents -- the sort who practice an authoritarian form of parenting that restricts children's choices -- are more common in countries with high inequality, according to a study by the National Bureau of Economic Research . The study used the World Value Survey to measure whether parents in different countries care more about qualities desired by stricter parents, like "hard work" and "obedience," or qualities desired more by passive parents, like  "imagination" and "independence.
It found that the more unequal a society, the more likely people were to favor strict parenting.
Countries like Sweden and Norway, for instance, which have relatively low levels of inequality, had a much larger percentage of respondents who valued imagination and independence when raising children. Notice in the chart below that the lower the Gini coefficient (which measures inequality), the higher the response rate tends to be for imagination.
On the other hand, countries like the United States and China, where inequality is much higher, were much more likely to care about hard work and obedience. Notice in the chart below that the higher the Gini coefficient, the higher the response rate tends to be for hard work.
But that trend doesn't merely exist across countries. It's actually observable historically in, for instance, the United States. Low inequality in the 1960s and 1970s, the study notes, coincided with relatively passive parenting styles, while rising inequality ever since has been met with an increasing emphasis on hard work. The time American parents spent educating and caring for their children has risen considerably since the 1980s, according to the American Time Use Survey.
Based on this data alone, it's hard to say anything definitive about the relationship. But one reason that parenting habits appear to be linked to inequality might be the relative presence of opportunity.
In countries like Sweden, where society is more economically level, nosedives to a point of homelessness or soars to the status of megarich are equally unlikely. Forcing one's children to work their butt off then might simply not be worth the hassle (which might be why only 11 percent of Sweden's population emphasizes hard work).
Conversely, in countries like the United States and China, where someone growing up can land anywhere on the spectrum of sleeping on the sidewalk to living in the biggest house on the block, hard work might be viewed as a key factor in determining where along that spectrum a child lands — and hovering over a child like a helicopter might be the best way to ensure a comfortable landing.
 
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Protesters allege hiring discrimination by Ferrara CandyProtesters allege hiring discrimination by Ferrara Candy
Hiring practices lead to candy company protest
African American workers claim Ferrara Candy Company treats them and Mexican immigrants like second class citizens. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)
African American workers claim Ferrara Candy Company treats them and Mexican immigrants like second class citizens. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)
By Alejandra Cancino and Jessica Wohl, Chicago Tribune
Protesters claim job discrimination by Ferrara Candy
Job discrimination alleged at Ferrara Candy
Workers and community leaders claiming discrimination against African-Americans by Ferrara Candy and temporary-employment agencies protested Tuesday morning at the candy-maker's Forest Park factory.
0
Twenty-five people wanted to speak via phone with Ferrara CEO Todd Siwak, who is at the company's Oakbrook Terrace headquarters. But ultimately, they handed the plant manager a letter asking for an end to discrimination in hiring, fair treatment on the job, reliable work schedules and a clear path to direct employment, among other things.
Plant manager John Conversa promised to deliver the letter to the CEO.
Charles Perry, director of community organizing for Westside Health Authority, which helps connect workers with jobs, said some of the black workers it helps have complained about being fired or sent home for small infractions.
For example, a worker was sent home last week for being unshaven, he said. He added that workers have received beard guards in the past, and that this worker wasn't offered one.
The plant manager said the company's policy prohibits its temporary workers from having beards. He added that beard guards are only for workers hired directly by Ferrara.
Perry said that since the suit was filed last year, black workers have been hired but not treated the same as Hispanics. Redmond said workers keep making similar allegations.
The lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, was brought in federal court in Chicago by three black workers against Ferrara and two staffing agencies alleging they applied for jobs at Ferrara through staffing agencies but were denied employment based on their race. Parties in that lawsuit were discussing a settlement, according to court documents.
Five complaints alleging discrimination have been filed against Ferrara with the Illinois Department of Human Rights since 2012, the department said. Two women who brought cases regarding gender, perceived sexual orientation, sex discrimination and retaliation withdrew the charge in 2012 and asked the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to investigate. The EEOC declined to comment Monday.
"Ferrara has a policy of treating its employees and prospective employees with fairness, equality and respect. As a matter of policy, Ferrara does not comment on ongoing litigation," a Ferrara spokesperson said.

Gadkari declined so BJP chose Devendra FadnavisThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Texas Instruments and NCTM Launch New Resources to Help Teachers Implement Common Core State StandardsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

For Japan s SoftBank  Snapdeal is  India s AlibabaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China fake invoice evidence mounts as HK figures divergeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infratweets: Reforms get more gasE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Verdict corner: Welcome push for labour reformsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Almunia stresses moral purpose in his legacyGoogle case casts shadow over competition chief Almunia’s legacy
Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/927a13ec-5eb3-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why stress tests are not nearly enoughEurope’s banks are too feeble to spur growth
Martin Wolf
One doubts whether the capital in eurozone institutions is enough to drive the economy forward
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb939e1a-5dc7-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-Tullett broker charged in Libor probeFormer Tullett broker charged in Libor probe
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f759d368-5ec9-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quiet repression in Hungarys illiberal democracyOctober 28, 2014 6:38 pm
Days of impulse and quiet repression in Orban’s illiberal democracy
By George Szirtes
Two steps forward, one step back – it is a familiar dance of the Fidesz party, writes George Szirtes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c89bf3e0-5dc9-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CPM to alter draft on political line after Yechury redflagPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:16 am
The CPM will alter the draft review report on the party’s political-tactical line after the issue of its revision caused simmering differences within the party to come to the fore with senior leader Sitaram Yechury challenging the document prepared by the Politburo and circulating a counter note for discussion in its central committee meeting.
The central committee, party’s top decision-making body, concluded three days of intense discussion on the official draft and Yechury’s counter note after which the Politburo met. Sources said the official draft will now undergo changes incorporating the various views since several members pointed out organisational failures in implementing the tactical line adopted 35-years-ago.
Sources said it is unlikely that the draft report would be finalised Wednesday, the last day of the central committee four-day sitting, since there is little time left for the changes to be incorporated. In that case, the draft was likely to come up for discussion again in the next meeting of the central committee, possibly to be held in January.
Yechury’s alternative draft forced an intense debate in the central committee. While the official draft blamed the CPM’s decline on the political-tactical line followed since 1978 and pushed for fresh tactics, Yechury had argued that the fault lay in the implementation of the line. In a veiled attack on CPM general secretary Prakash Karat, Yechury had also sought a review of the “organisational failures” in implementing the tactical line.
Meanwhile, Yechury Tuesday got support from Kerala CPM strongman V S Achuthanandan, who attacked the central leadership, accusing it of acting like a mere bystander. Given the largescale desertions in West Bengal, many members felt primacy should be given to building the organisation rather than wasting time and energy on tactics.
Strike to protest CPM supporter’s murder
Thiruvananthapuram: The CPM in Kasargode district observed a dawn-to-dusk strike on Monday evening in protest against the murder of its supporter.
A four-member gang stabbed to death CPM member P Murali, 37, at Seethangoli in the district.
According to police, the attack took place when the gang waylaid a bike on which Murali was riding pillion. The assailants then stabbed him several times and he succumbed to his injuries in a hospital. The attackers had also tried to attack Murali’s friend Manjunath, but he escaped unhurt.
Murali was one of the alleged accused in the murder of BJP worker Dayanand in 2001, but the trial court had acquitted him.

From BJP office to Vidhan Bhavan 700m away  it was saffron all thewayNewly elected MLAs at the Vidhan Sabha on Tuesday.
Written by Anjali Lukose | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:16 am
A thick mop of silver hair stood out in the sea of young and enthusiastic BJP supporters that thronged the Vidhan Bhavan on Tuesday evening. Balasabeh Baburao Jambulkar (82) was one of the oldest supporters of the BJP who had travelled from across Maharashtra to witness their favourite political party elect its chief minister.
Jambulkar, who introduces himself as a freedom fighter and RSS man, says he couldn’t have possibly missed out on this once-in-his-lifetime sight of “his” BJP forming a government in Maharashtra.
“All these years of work has finally borne fruit. An RSS-supported CM will change the situation in Maharashtra, which suffered so much corruption over the years,” he said as the BJP leadership announced Devendra Fadnavis as the chief minister-elect.
“This country needs the RSS. BJP ka janm RSS mein hua. Desh ke pradhan mantri kaun hai, ek RSS pracharak (BJP was born in RSS. Who is our PM, an RSS worker). The RSS will keep BJP in check,” he said.
While Jambulkar travelled back to Pune and will return with more people for the swearing-in ceremony on Friday, Haji Ashfaq Patel, who travelled from Nagpur, will stay back in Mumbai and “continue to take part in the festivities till the swearing-in”. “The CM is from our city. We will continue to support and celebrate,” he said.
For the hundreds that thronged the city, it was also an emotional moment. While some said they had come to support and cheer their elected MLAs, others claimed they turned up in large numbers to push their MLAs for a cabinet berth.
Hand-in-hand, these roughly 1,500 people from Nagpur, Buldhana, Aurangabad and Vidarbha marched alongside their 121 elected BJP MLAs, MPs and MLAs from the party office on Mantralaya road (Madame Cama) towards the Vidhan Bhavan, 700 metres away. The BJP held a meeting of the elected MLAs at the Vidhan Bhavan around 4.30pm.
Was it a show of strength or victory march? No, said a beaming Vivekanand Gupta, Mumbai BJP secretary. “It was easier to have the march than have 123 cars clogging the road towards Vidhan Bhavan and throwing traffic out of gear in the area. It also adds to the festive nature to have supporters and MLAs and MPs walking together,” he added.
While half of them waited for their leaders outside Vidhan Sabha, others rushed back to the party office to lay out the long chaddar bomb to celebrate.
The street outside the party office, all the way to Vidhan Bhavan and Mantralaya, 500 metres away,    wore an saffron hue. The lotus bloomed at every street corner as BJP flags and festoons run across, clinging to lamp posts and trees lining the streets.
After a full day of festivities at the party office, the march and the wait for their leaders at Vidhan Bhavan, party workers still wore smiles, chatting away with their elected MLAs while the core continued…

Islamic State uses captive UK soldier as war correspondent in propagandavideoA captive British photojournalist has been used by the Islamic State group to take on the role of a war correspondent.
By: Associated Press | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:15 am
A captive British photojournalist has been used by the Islamic State group to take on the role of a war correspondent in the extremists’ latest propaganda video.
In the video, made public on Monday, John Cantlie calmly stands before a camera in what he identifies as the embattled Syrian town of Kobani. He asserts in the video that Islamic State group fighters have pushed deep into the town despite airstrikes by a US-led coalition and that they are winning the battle against Kurdish forces.
The strange spectacle of a prisoner who has admitted to being afraid for his life being used as a spokesman is the latest of example of the IS’s attention-getting approach to propagating its message and its threats.
The Associated Press could not independently verify the video as authentic, although some of the images, including footage the Islamic State group says was shot by a drone, appear to be Kobani, a town near the Turkish border. Sporadic gunfire can be heard in the background. At one point in the 5½-minute report, a Turkish flag can be seen flying atop a grain silo; Cantlie is not in the same shot.
Although it was unclear exactly when the video was recorded, Cantlie mentions specific news reports and statements by Western officials from as recently as last week.
“Without any safe access, there are no journalists here in the city,” Cantlie intones in the video. He wears black clothes and is bearded. In previous videos, he wore an orange jumpsuit — as did the hostages beheaded by the extremists.
IS militants launched an offensive on Kobani in mid-September, capturing dozens of Kurdish villages and entering parts of the town. The attack has displaced more than 200,000 people. American officials say the US has conducted dozens of airstrikes against the militants in and around the town, killing hundreds of Islamic State fighters.
In contrast to those accounts, Cantlie gave the IS’s different slant on the fighting.
“Airstrikes did prevent some groups of mujahedeen from using their tanks and heavy armor as they’d have liked, so they’re entering the city and using light weapons instead, going house to house,” Cantlie says in the video, a fly buzzing around his head. “The battle for Kobani is coming to an end,” he continues. “The mujahedeen are just mopping up now, street to street and building to building. … As you can hear, it is very quiet — just occasional gunfire.”
The video is entitled “Inside Ayn Al-Islam,” the name IS uses for Kobani. The Arabic name for the predominantly Kurdish town is Ayn al-Arab.
Since September, IS has used Cantlie as a public face.
“Now, I know what you’re thinking. You’re thinking he’s only doing this because he’s a prisoner. He’s got a continued…

From giant lotus cutouts to grand musical  this Friday  Wankhede will have nomatchComments
FOR the swearing-in of the BJP’s first-ever CM in Maharashtra, the party is pulling out all stops, ensuring not only a glittering affair at the Wankhede Stadium but also an event laden with symbolism for the BJP juggernaut. By all accounts, the grand affair on October 31 (Friday) will be a BJP event as much as a formal government function.
For one, even as Devendra Fadnavis is sworn-in as the CM along with a compact Cabinet, 25 fishing boats will be bobbing along the Arabian Sea just off Wankhede stadium, each with a giant cutout of a lotus at the centre and BJP flags on either end. “It was Atal Behari Vajpayee who said in 1980 in Mumbai that he would like to see the lotus bloom on the seafront of Mumbai. The lotus has now bloomed across India. And on Friday, it will bloom off Mumbai’s shores as well,” said Atul Shah, Mumbai BJP general secretary.
The BJP has roped in popular Bollywood set designer Nitin Desai and event organiser Ravi Savla for the planning, design and construction of the stages, barricades and for the decor at the event.
At Wankhede on Tuesday evening, PWD employees were working along with with private event organisers and BJP leaders. A set of three stages, together measuring about 3,300 sq feet, are almost ready.
The BJP has asked the state’s protocol department to make arrangements for seating up to 200 people on the stage. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP president Amit Shah, senior BJP leader L K Advani, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, Union ministers, BJP chief ministers and various religious gurus will occupy seats on a 1280 sq ft stage portion on its right.
In a break from tradition, the BJP is also planning a cultural performance by renowned Marathi artist Ashok Hande (of Marathi Bana) fame before the official swearing-in to entertain those present. Apart from the 30,000-strong capacity of the stadium, seating arrangements for as many as 6,600 special invitees.
Nagpur erupts in joy
NAGPUR: The city erupted with joy after news broke that local MLA Devendra Fadnavis was elected by the BJP legislature party as the CM-designate. Party workers burst crackers and danced to drumbeats in various parts of the city.
Hundreds of BJP workers gathered in front of party offices in Mahal and Dhantoli areas and distributed sweets.
Friends, relatives and ordinary men and women alike, had started gathering near the MLA’s residence in the Dharampeth locality even before the announcement was made.
By: Vivek Deshpande

Cong gears for internal polls as Rahul hopes to liftmoralePrint
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi during a meeting with party state presidents and general secretaries in New Delhi on Tuesday. ( Source: Express photo by: Anil Sharma)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:15 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:43 am
Having suffered a string of electoral defeats that pushed down the morale of its rank and file, the Congress leadership is hoping that organisational elections would lift the mood of despondency in the party. Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi Tuesday met general secretaries and state Congress chiefs, his first such meeting after the setbacks in Maharasthra and Haryana, and asked them to ensure that the internal elections are held in a fair and transparent fashion.
It is another matter that the once-in-five-year internal elections are not being held the way Rahul wanted, suggesting that the age-old approach of electing leadership through consensus would not change. Rahul introduced mandatory elections in NSU(I) and Youth Congress, but the parent body is not yet ready to make the switch. He has been promising a larger say to grassroot workers in the election of party office-bearers for long.
Rahul has also been arguing that even the officebearers of the AICC — general secretaries and secretaries — should be elected and not nominated.
Both Rahul and Congress president Sonia Gandhi want the internal election process to be utilised to reinvigorate and rejuvenate the party which is virtually a rudderless ship right now. Rahul conveyed this to the general secretaries and PCC chiefs on Tuesday.
Mullappally Ramachandran, who heads the central election authority, had a lengthy meeting with Sonia on Monday. He has been asked to ensure that the internal election exercise is truly effective and foolproof. At Tuesday’s meeting, state units were asked to begin a month-long membership drive in December to kick-start the organisational election process. Ramachandran said the pradesh returning officers for all the states would be appointed by this month end.

Bollywood hairstylist Miranda gets life for stabbing wife to death in2012Print
Written by Meghna Yelluru | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:13 am
A special women’s court on Tuesday convicted hairstylist Lisbon Miranda for killing his wife in their Andheri apartment in 2012. The court awarded life imprisonment to Miranda, who was once the stylist of Tollywood star Akkineni Nagarjuna and several Bollywood actors.
Miranda stabbed his wife Bindiya Chawla continuously with a dagger, following an argument on May 25, 2012, the prosecution said.
According to the statement of Conrad Lobo, a mutual friend of the duo, the couple and their three-year-old daughter had attended a party on May 24, organised by his (Lobo’s) sister. In his statement in the magistrate court, Lobo mentioned that Bindiya told her sister-in-law Preeti that she would spend the night at her place “as Miranda used to beat her after drinking”.
“I, along with three friends, planned to drop Miranda at his apartment in Neel Gagan building at DN Nagar, Andheri. After escorting Miranda to his apartment, we left the apartment and waited downstairs for Bindiya. After a few minutes, I ran upstairs to the duo’s fourth floor apartment after I heard shrieks,” Lobo said, adding, “I saw Bindiya lying on the floor, next to the bedroom door. Miranda was standing close to her. I asked him what did he do? He told me that ‘I (Miranda) killed her’. The passage was full of blood. I ran out.”
Miranda had locked himself up in his apartment and had threatened to blow up the house when the police arrived. A case was registered with the D N Nagar police station and Miranda was booked under Sections 302 (murder) and 498(A) (husband or relative of the husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The trial in the case began in July 2013, while Miranda was lodged at Arthur Road jail.
Defence lawyer Girish Kulkarni argued that Miranda was under the influence of alcohol and had passed out in his apartment. “He could not have committed the crime as he was not even in a position to go to his flat on his own. Three of his friends were the last ones to leave his flat and their statements had not yet been produced as evidence,” Kulkarni said.
However, Chief Public Prosecutor Kalpana Chavan argued, “No one else was present in the flat and the dagger with which Miranda stabbed his wife was taken from the bar of his house. Someone unfamiliar with the house would not have known the place where the dagger was kept.”
Moreover, Chavan contended that according to Miranda’s call data records, he made calls to Bindiya’s brother as well as Preeti, and received international calls on his phone at 2:30 am, after the murder, which proved that he was conscious.
Bindiya was employed as ground staff of Kingfisher and GoAir airlines. According to Chavan, Chawla had to leave her job as Miranda raised an issue regarding her work hours. Their five-year-old daughter now would be in the custody of Chawla’s family, Chavan said.
Anand Chawla, Binidya’s brother, said the family did not know how to react to continued…

Sena mellows further  will hold meetingtodaySena mellows further, will hold meeting today
By: Express News Service | Mumbai |       October 29, 2014 1:11 am
Comments
The Sena leadership will be holding a meeting on Wednesday to chart the party’s future course of action.
With the BJP officially staking claim to form the next government in Maharashtra, its estranged ally Shiv Sena has mellowed its stand futher and claimed that it was ready to join the government.
“For an alliance to be formed, both the sides have to take a step forward. We have always maintained that both the parties have the same blood group. The people want us to stay together, “ Sena leader Sanjay Raut said.
The Sena leadership will be holding a meeting on Wednesday to chart the party’s future course of action.
The party claimed that it had not made any demands regarding portfolios. “Discussions are still on and we only want to be treated in a just and honourable way,” he said.
Sources, however, said Sena was insisting on getting a third of the total ministries along with the post of Deputy CM and Assembly Speaker. Senior leaders, Anil Desai and Subhash Desai, have been meeting BJP central leadership.
“If the BJP does not heed our demands, we will play the role of an aggressive opposition,” a senior Sena leader said. Eknath Shinde is being touted as a probable leader of the party in the Assembly.

Twitter: One of the very priciest stocksEMAIL
Getty
Twitter (TWTR) investors are trying hard to figure out what’s wrong with the stock. But it really comes down to one number: 175.
Twitter is just one of 16 stocks in the broad Russell 1000 sporting an astoundingly high price-to-earnings ratio of 150 or more, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Investors might be willing to pay lofty P-E ratios, but when valuations get to 150 or more it can get increasingly difficult to justify the price. And what’s even more amazing is that these stocks’ P-Es are this high based on expected adjusted earnings over the next 12 months. That means these stocks have these lofty P-Es even if they grow as expected.
Twitter is the best-known example of a stock with a sky-high valuation. True, shares are down 9% to $44.14 Tuesday after investors were disappointed with the company’s profit report Monday. But here’s the problem. Analysts expect the company to post an adjusted gain of 25 cents a share over the next 12 months. If the company hits that earnings number, it would be a impressive 400% increase from adjusted earnings the past 12 months. But even after that growth, Twitter’s stock still would have a P-E of 175.
The P-E of Twitter is high, but it’s not the highest by any means. The Russell 1000 stock with the highest forward P-E is Incyte(INCY) , a biotech company. Analysts are calling for the company to earn $0.003 a share on an adjusted basis over the next 12 months. That means the stock has a P-E of 17,654 based on Tuesday’s stock price of $58.26.
Amazon.com, too, is another pricey stock that’s been beat up. Shares of the e-commerce company are still trading for 959 times the 31 cents a share analysts say the company will earn on an adjusted basis over the next 12 months.
And don’t just think that Internet and social media stocks have ridiculous valuations by definition. Facebook (FB) , the leader in the industry, has a high P-E at 44, but it’s still well below 150. And some Internet stocks aren’t included since they’re expected to lose money.
Will all these stocks correct over time? Time will tell. But certainly, these are stocks with huge valuations to justify.
RUSSELL 1000 STOCKS WITH THE HIGHEST FORWARD P-E RATIOS (BASED ON ADJUSTED EPS ESTIMATES)
Company

Retail Skirmish Blocks Apple Pay at Checkout LineThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

AP  Seattle Times Upset About FBI ImpersonationThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Pres. Obama: Ebola will be defeated
Experts have a lot of thoughts about the 2014 election. Heres a sampling of their wisdom.By Jaime Fuller October 28 Follow @j_fuller
Here is our panel of experts.
Over the next week, it will be hard to avoid the midterms. They will be in the yards you pass on the way to work. They will be on the television when you try to watch Seinfeld reruns. Perky volunteers will call you reminding you to vote. Pollsters will call you asking who you are voting for. Desperate candidates will send you e-mails asking for money. It's going to be miserable.
If you're just tuning in to the election season, however, you've missed an entire year's worth of Election Day pre-gaming. You've missed everything the experts have had to say about the election. Shame.
If you'd like to catch up on everything attributed to experts during the 2014 election -- and the 2016 election, which if you haven't already started paying attention to, you're probably too late -- here is an abridged list that should be very useful when you think about who to vote for this year.
Oh, and if you mention any of the below bits of analysis, don't forget to cite the experts. No one will believe you came up with these gems on your own.

Winning fast vs. the Islamic StateIn Freedom House’s fascinating analysis of the coalition battling the Islamic State, it finds:
President Obama in the Oval Office last week. (Jacquelyn Martin/Associated Press)
The actual contributions of tiny and distant states like Luxembourg and Iceland are probably rather small, while those of others, like France, are more substantial. But the overall breakdown of coalition countries indicates that without the involvement of the United States and its democratic allies, the Islamic State crisis would be left in the hands of regional powers with human rights records that range from mediocre to extremely poor, making a positive outcome—which is already in doubt—even less likely.
This is one of many reasons the United States cannot simply wave its hand in the direction of local powers and tell them to deal with the threat. It may be tempting to look for some other party to replace U.S. fighting forces — the Kurds! the Saudis! — but from both a military standpoint and a geopolitical standpoint it is better for the United States to lead, with others contributing, rather than abandon the region and leave the mess to others. Without U.S. commitment to protect civilian population centers, what civilians are going to stand up to the Islamic State?
It is not clear how long — the rest of his presidency? — President Obama is going to try to skate by on a minimalist war plan in Iraq and Syria. He and some right-wing critics seem not to appreciate how detrimental it is to leave the Islamic State in control of vast territory and claiming success. This plan is premised on the notion that we can keep the Islamic State at bay with very little risk to our own people. Considering the ongoing threats to allies, the mass murder and torture, and the threat of inspired lone wolves and foreign fighters returning home, that seems like a foolish gamble.
It is very hard for Obama or his anti-interventionist critics , both of whose understanding of the region is based on false premises, to come up with an effective and timely response to the rise of the Islamic State. Granted, this is a very difficult problem after more than three years of inactivity in the face of slaughter in Syria and the foolish withdrawal of forces from Iraq. But it’s virtually impossible if you construct a series of obstacles based on a faulty understanding of the facts and our available options. If you think the United States makes things worse, or that the public is war-weary and not responsive to wartime leadership, or that the choice in these places in bipolar (between Sunni and Shia extremists), it will be hard to come up with something constructive. (Hence you see so much criticizing and so few proposals.)
Fortunately two analysts at the Foreign Policy Initiative list a batch of actions, the rationale behind them and the reason they are superior to Obama’s half-hearted efforts and others’ foolhardy schemes. For all those urging more air power, they explain that we not only need to increase the number of strikes but also we must have people there to locate targets: “The relative paucity of U.S. airstrikes in Operation Inherent Resolve is due in no small part to the lack of American personnel on the ground to help direct airstrikes.  U.S. forward air controllers, paired with front-line partners in Iraq and Syria, could direct far more effective and accelerated air strikes against ISIS forces.”
In Syria, they observe: “The Assad regime has killed more than 190,000 Syrians, fueled ISIS’ rise, and systematically uses chlorine gas against civilians. By ignoring this slaughter, the Obama administration is undermining it credibility as a partner to the Syrian people who would stand up against both Assad and ISIS.”  That requires “safe zones in northern Syria, which would both save countless civilian lives and facilitate the growth of moderate opposition forces” and adequate support for the FSA and other groups obviously not allied with (and indeed ferociously battling) Islamists. Moreover, “A serious strategy would partner U.S. troops to train and advise Syrian rebels to roll back ISIS’s safe haven.”
And finally in Iraq it is essential to help overhaul the military (eliminating Iranian advisers), work (as we did in the surge) with Sunni tribes and fully arm the Kurds. The president or isolationist lawmakers who cheered the complete withdrawal of troops need to recognize that this seminal and destructive move sent events spiraling out of control.
The notion that we can off-load our responsibility to others or dabble in a war without consequences is foolhardy. There are many steps we could be taking, and those who merely criticize the president without embracing these or an adequate alternative share responsibility for the inevitable results — namely, a failure to destroy a barbaric enemy that threatens Americans.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Reveal entire black money list: SC to govtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lupin net up 55%  led by strong US & India salesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SC black money order a step in right direction: SorabjeeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kapsss bro..till what level we can hold moldtek packagingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Competition will come in after two to three years of good run. next tw...Platinum Member
19 Followers
Best  will come out of the co. when there is competition. As it is , it is the most efficient co. of the entire lot. The refineries capacities is in expansion at full throttle.  Mozambique  is one fo the soundest investment.  Wait for the quarterly result & find out yourself where we stand.
10.56 AM Oct 28th

Raqs oil ministry has chosen these companies from a list of more th...Punj Lloyd (India) and Mass Global International (Iraq);
Saipem (Italy);
Consolidated Contractors Company (CCC) (Greece);
Go Gas (India), Larsen & Toubro (L&T) (India), and Fius Capital (Dubai);
Petrofac (UK) and Stroygazconsulting (SGC) (Russia); and,
Orascom (Egypt) and Petrojet (Egypt).
It is understood that the State Company for Oil Projects (SCOP) will invite the short-listed companies to receive the tender package, and then submit their offers by November or December.
1.27 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Bonus already announced  why isn`t the stock moving upwardsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

JSPL top loser on Nifty; slips nearly 15% in OctYou are here: Home > Collections > Mining
JSPL top loser on Nifty; stock slips nearly 15% in October
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 09.47AM IST
(The probe is for alleged…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel & Power Ltd (JSPL) slipped nearly 4 per cent in trade on Tuesday and was also the top loser on Nifty index, after falling nearly 8 per cent in the previous session following reports that the CBI has started a fresh inquiry against unknown officials for alleged diversion of forest land in Jharkhand for mining purposes.
The probe is for alleged irregularities between 2007-13 in granting clearance to JSPL for diversion of Saranda forest land in Jharkhand for mining purposes, PTI reported.
Reacting to the news, JSPL continued its southward journey for second day in a row. The stock has fallen nearly 15 per cent (intraday) so far in the month of October.
At 09:30 a.m.; JSPL was trading 3.5 per cent lower at Rs 147.25. It hit a low of Rs 146.50 and a high of Rs 151 in trade today.
According to experts, investors and traders should stay away from stocks where there is cloud of uncertainty and look for stocks with a clean track record.
"When you have a cloud of uncertainty, always stay out whether it is JSPL or whether it is a DLF. These are stocks where the temptation is always going to come in the minds of traders and retail investors," says Mehraboon Irani, Principal & Head- Pvt Client Group Business, Nirmal Bang Securities.
"There are always decent stocks which do not have any sort of controversy behind them. Those can be picked into," he added. Despite the fact that I like the stock at 220-230, I do not think I am going to come out and recommend the stock, clarifies Irani.
Saranda, a sensitive area that was under Maoist control for a decade before paramilitary forces took over in 2011, is also home to elephants, giant squirrel, reptiles, sloth bear and barking bear and is in the core area of the elephant reserve, added the PTI report.
Meanwhile JSPL said in a statement on Monday that it will respond to queries by the investigating agencies.
"JSPL reiterates that we have always co-operated with the investigative agencies and will respond when we receive these queries from the investigative authorities," the statement said.
According to reports, nearly 512.43 hectares of ecologically sensitive Saranda forest in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand was diverted for Ghatkuri iron ore mining lease project in favour of Jindal Steel and Power.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Radha Timblo denies having undisclosed bank accountsUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:20 IST
Radha Timblo denies having undisclosed bank accounts
PTI
PTI In this October 27, 2014 photo, Timblo Private Ltd director Radha Timblo, who has been named in the affidavit filed by the Centre in the black money probe, speaks to the media in Panaji.
TOPICS
court administration
“My conscience is very clear. We have paid all the taxes. We have no undisclosed bank accounts in India or abroad”
Radha Timblo, a Goa-based miner whose name figures in the black money list submitted by the Centre in the Supreme Court, on Tuesday denied having any “undisclosed” bank account in the country or abroad.
On the affidavit filed before the Supreme Court on Monday, she said the “matter in the affidavit was already settled and adjudicated.”
“My conscience is very clear. We have paid all the taxes. We have no undisclosed bank accounts in India or abroad,” Ms. Timblo said.
Ms. Timblo also said that though the firm has given political donations, they don’t have any political affiliations.
“We have no political affiliation. Making official donations to political parties is not a crime,” she said.
Names of Dabur group promoter Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based bullion dealer Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited and its five Directors — Ms. Timblo, Chetan Timblo, Rohan Timblo, Ms. Anna Timblo and Ms. Mallika Timblo — figured in the affidavit filed in the apex court on Monday by the government as part of its drive to unearth black money abroad.
Timblo Private Limited, a mining firm, had also figured in the reports of Justice M.B. Shah Commission and the Empowered Committee that probed illegal mining in Goa.

Dynamos seek to build a winning momentum against NorthEastNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:56 IST
Dynamos will strive to keep momentum going
Priyansh
The Hindu Delhi Dynamos Mads Junker along with teammates exults after scoring against Chennaiyin FC in the India Super League football match at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi on October 25, 2014. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
soccer
Saturday’s 4-1 win over Chennaiyin FC represented the achievement of another level in Delhi Dynamos’ Hero Indian Super League journey. The first two matches had signified growth but ended in draws; the previous match brought goals and three points.
Consolidation of the momentum gained in the previous match will be a natural aim when Dynamos play Northeast United FC at the Jawaharlal Stadium on Wednesday. But the visitor is experiencing buoyancy as well; a 2-0 away success at the expense of Mumbai City FC was worth its weight in gold.
Despite the impressive nature of its performances till now, Dynamos has multiple reasons to be wary of its latest opponent. Trained by former New Zealand manager Ricki Herbert, Northeast is a well-organised side that excelled in a 4-2-3-1 formation against Mumbai.
The side’s deep-lying central midfielders Kondwani Mtonga and Felipe de Castro pose a threat with their late runs into the opposition box, as evidence by the duo’s goals in the previous contest.
Considering a major factor behind Dynamos’ success this season has been the successful partnership of Hans Mulder and Bruno Arias in the centre of the pitch, the pair could once again hold the key for the host. The host, though, could benefit from Joan Capdevila’s absence as the 2008 Euro winner is doubtful due to injury.
While both sides won their previous game, Dynamos coach Harm van Veldhoven said on Tuesday that it’s difficult to maintain a winning run in the ISL. However, despite the side’s near-insistence on scoring early, the Dutch coach believes consistency shouldn’t be an issue for his charges.
It’ll be intriguing to see how Dynamos responds if the match remains goalless at the hour mark. The side’s high-intensity approach places severe physical demands on its players and it wouldn’t be easy for the host to force the issue late into the match.
But, as van Veldhoven acknowledged, it’s easier for him to prepare his side at this stage of the tournament as he knows more about the opponent.
With only Pavel Elias out for another week to 10 days, the Dutchman will have an almost full squad available on Wednesday.

Softbank sees Snapdeal investment as another...Softbank sees India Snapdeal investment as another Alibaba
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 07.26PM IST
In just four years, Snapdeal, whose other investors include top global asset manager BlackRock, has risen to become India's biggest e-commerce marketplace with 25 million users.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI:Japanese technology giant SoftBank said it is hoping to replicate its success with China's Alibaba through its $627-million investment in leading Indian online marketplace Snapdeal.
SoftBank, a one-third owner of e-commerce giant Alibaba that just staged a record-breaking $25 billion initial public offer, has become the biggest single investor in the Indian online retail firm.
SoftBank, run by billionaire Masayoshi Son, has bought into the company which styles itself as an "Indian version" of Alibaba and has grown explosively in the country's fast-expanding e-commerce market.
It's part of a $10 billion Indian investment binge planned by the Japanese company in the next few years.
"Snapdeal has the potential to be the Alibaba of India," Son said.
In just four years, Snapdeal, whose other investors include top global asset manager BlackRock , has risen to become India's biggest e-commerce marketplace with 25 million users.
"Alibaba had a similar genesis to Snapdeal," Ankur Bisen, vice-president of retail consultancy Technopak, said, adding, "Snapdeal has demonstrated an ability to be a seriously scalable business."
Kunal Bahl , the 30-year-old co-founder of Snapdeal and its chief executive, said Tuesday that the portal was "thrilled" to ally with SoftBank.
While Snapdeal has grown quickly, the road to success was studded with false starts for Bahl and partner Rohit Bansal , self-confessed "tech geeks" and "serial entrepreneurs".
Bahl, who holds US engineering and business degrees, joined Microsoft out of school but was deported over visa problems.
He returned to India and teamed up with school-mate Bansal, an Indian Institute of Technology grad, and got involved in retailing.
"It was a bit of a sobering experience (getting deported) but it turned out way better than even an optimist could have expected," Bahl joked in an interview recently.
The pair launched several businesses and at one point wondered how they would pay wages. But they hit lucky when they went to China and, inspired by Alibaba, decided to create an online marketplace to help businesses reach a wider consumer base in India where real-estate costs deter expansion.
"We were late to enter the market but we've been in hyper-growth mode," said Bahl.
While Bahl has big ambitions for Snapdeal, it's still a sales minnow. Alibaba last year sold $248 billion in merchandise while Snapdeal hopes to crack the billion dollar sales mark next year.
Unlike a number of inventory-led Indian online retail portals, Snapdeal steers away from costly warehousing, Bahl explained.
"The business model is about simplicity." He was euphoric about e-commerce possibilities in India and for Snapdeal.
E-commerce represents just 0.8 per cent of India's retail pie, compared to seven percent in the US and 10 percent in China, according to Technopak.
"We've only just begun the journey. It's hard in someways to get one's head around the potential -- you just know it's humungus," Bahl grinned.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Aadhaar enrolment tops 70 croreNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 19:25 IST
Aadhaar enrolment tops 70 crore
PTI
The Hindu The Unique Identification Authority of India has issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers to residents across the country as of now. File photo
TOPICS
personal data collection
Nine States, including A.P., Kerala, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, have crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 States have over 70 per cent coverage.
The Unique Identification Authority of India has issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers to residents across the country as of now.
Nine States, including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, have crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 States have over 70 per cent coverage, a press statement by the UIDAI said.
Aadhaar enrolment in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh are going on at a fast pace.
These four States with a combined population of about 34 crore were added earlier this year to the UIDAI’s mandate by the government. As on date, Aadhaar numbers have been issued to 8.93 crore residents in these States, which is 26 per cent of the target population.
Over 25,000 Aadhaar enrolment kits are operational across the country as on date, including both camp mode and Permanent Enrolment Centres, with a total output of approximately 10 lakh enrolments per day.
The UIDAI has already geared up its processing capabilities to achieve the targets and has the capacity to process around 15 lakh enrolment packets every day. Enrolments are expected to pick up further once the festival season is over.

Of every three Sri Lankan refugees  two want to stay onPrint
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:48 am
More than five years after the Sri Lankan conflict came to an end, two out of every three Lankan refugees in India want to stay on, a survey has revealed. And among the rest, two out of every three want to go back. There are about one lakh Sri Lankan refugees in Tamil Nadu.
The survey was conducted by Mumbai-based Tata Institute of Social Sciences in collaboration with Adventist Development and Relief Agency and Danish Refugee Council. The findings will be shared with the ministries of External Affairs and Home. It found 67 per cent of 752 respondents preferring “local assimilation”, and 23 per cent preferring “voluntary repatriation”.
“From this study, it is evident that the refugees have complex needs and it requires a proactive and inclusive approach,” said K M Parivelan, associate professor with TISS. “Governments of India and Sri Lanka should jointly come forward to address the needs… It will be ideal to have refugee legislation in the first place to recognise refugees and for their welfare. We need to shift from a charity approach to a legal rights-based approach.”
The 752 respondents were chosen both from camps in Tamil Nadu and from those not living in camps.

Army officer  militant die in encounterBy: Express News Service | Srinagar | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:48 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:54 am
An Army officer and a militant were killed in an encounter in North Kashmir’s Handwara area.
Army sources said that based on specific intelligence about presence of militants in Waderbala forest near village Petta, Handwara, a coordinated joint operation was launched by Rashtriya Rifles units of Army and Special Operation Group.
“Troops of Rashtriya Rifles and Special Operation Group launched the operation on the night of 27 October. The area was cordoned off preventing the escape of militants.The militants hiding in the area opened heavy fire on the search party, inviting retaliation. The firing (from both sides) continued for some time during which a militant was killed,” a Defence spokesperson said. Search operation was still in progress, he said.
He said the identity of the slain militant is yet to be established.
The spokesman added that the Junior Commissioned Officer was injured in the encounter and later succumbed to injuries.

Vidarbha puts BJP on fine lineAfter Devendra Fadnavis’s elevation, celebrations outside his home in Nagpur.( Source: Express photo by: Sudarshan Sakharkar)
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:46 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:42 am
The BJP owes much of its march into the Maharashtra assembly to Vidarbha’s voters, who gave the party 44 of its 122 seats — the region has 62. And it has now designated a chief minister whom few can match in the demand for the region’s statehood.
Devendra Fadnavis, known for his cool and winner of a best parliamentarian award, once lost his temper in the assembly over the emotive issue, telling MLAs from western Maharashtra, “Chalte va!”, effectively giving them marching orders. Over the years, the state BJP chief has conducted end-to-end yatras across Vidarbha and been part of an all-party forum launched in 2010.
The party’s victory and Fadnavis’s appointment having come in the wake of a renewed debate on statehood, and when the BJP remains the only major party to unequivocally support the movement, two questions follow naturally. Why couldn’t the BJP do as well earlier as it has done now? And what course will its government, once installed, take on Vidarbha?
It is now 25 years since the BJP formally resolved at its national convention in Bhubaneswar to create a Vidarbha state. Considering it has swept the region only now, it might suggest that the electoral success should not be seen so much as a referendum in favour of statehood as an effect of Narendra Modi’s popularity. There is, however, also an argument that it is indeed due to the statehood sentiment. The performance has been strengthened by the Modi effect, but that too has a statehood connection.
Historically, the statehood sentiment has remained largely unseen because there weren’t as many public protests and as much participation as in, say, Telangana. Many pro-Vidarbha leaders gave the impression that they were taking up the cause only to further their political ambitions rather than being serious about statehood.
The debate was revived strongly with the BJP having come to power at the Centre. Just ahead of the Lok Sabha polls, Nitin Gadkari explicitly promised to carve out Vidarbha state. This charged up pro-Vidarbha non-political fronts. Besides their usual seminars, protests, debates, padyatras and rallies, they moved on to holding “referendums” in various cities and declared that over 90 per cent had voted in favour of a separate state. For the first time, the campaign by non-political organisations was a sustained one, especially with use of new media.
Ahead of the assembly elections, many of these organisations released appeals to elect pro-Vidarbha parties’ nominees. The Shiv Sena, traditionally against dividing the state, called the BJP “a party out to balkanise Maharashtra”. Now with the BJP in power both at the Centre and in the state, the hopes of statehood supporters are higher than ever.
It is possible, however, that the new government will feel the need to keep them waiting. Fadnavis and his party may continued…

US cant shy away from Ebola battle  says Barack ObamaPresident Barack Obama said Tuesday that the United States can't be seen as shying away from battle against Ebola.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:46 am
President Barack Obama said Tuesday that the United States can’t be seen as shying away from battle against Ebola and must support health care workers who are returning from the front lines in Africa.
Obama did not directly criticise quarantine policies for returning health care workers implemented in the states of New York and New Jersey, but he said monitoring of those who come back from the fight needs to prudent and “based in science.”
“We don’t want to discourage our health care workers from going to the front lines and dealing with this in an effective way,” he said.
Obama said a robust response in Africa will stop the spread of the disease in the United States. He reminded Americans only two people have contracted the disease in the US and both are now disease-free.
The president spoke to reporters from the White House after a phone call with one of those patients, nurse Amber Vinson, just after her release from the hospital. He also called a USAID team deployed to West Africa and said he plans to meet Wednesday with public health workers who have there or are planning to go to talk about how public policy “can support the incredible heroism that they are showing.”
“America cannot look like it is shying away because other people are watching what we do,” Obama said. “If we don’t have robust international response in West Africa, then we are actually endangering ourselves here back home. In order to do that, we’ve got to make sure that those workers who are willing and able and dedicated to go over there in a really tough job, that they’re applauded, thanked and supported. That should be our priority. And we can make sure that when they come back they are being monitored in a prudent fashion.”
A hodgepodge of state policies, some of which directly contradict Obama’s recommendations, has sowed confusion about what’s needed to stop Ebola from spreading in the United States. While public health advocates denounce state quarantines as draconian and scientifically baseless, anxious citizens in non-quarantine states are asking whether they’re at greater risk because their governors and the president have adopted a lesser level of caution.
For the first time, the Centers for Disease Control on Monday recommended 21 days of isolation and travel restrictions for people at highest risk for Ebola — a nurse stuck by a needle while treating an Ebola patient in Guinea, for example — even if they have no symptoms. States are still free to go above and beyond the CDC guidelines.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease at the National Institutes of Health, defended the Washington policy Tuesday, but said that states have a right “to continued…

Kochi youths plan kiss day after cafe vandalismPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:38 am
To express “freedom of love” after BJP workers vandalised a coffee shop in Kozhikode alleging immoral activities, a group of youngsters have decided to mark November 2 as ‘kiss day’ in Kochi.
Last week, Congress-owned Jaihind TV aired a show alleging immoral activities at cafe Downtown. Within hours, the restaurant was attacked by workers of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, the youth outfit of the BJP. Since then support has been pouring in for youngsters’ right to express their love.
A group of youths led by short filmmaker Rahul Pasupalan began a Facebook page ‘kiss of love’ three days back. Around 2,600 people have so far accepted the invitation to join the event to be held at Marine Drive at the shore of Kochi backwaters.
The Facebook page said participants should come with placards reading ‘kiss of love’ at 5 pm Sunday. “The event would be an open challenge to moral policing,” says Pasupalan. The campaign has also invited the TV channel for exclusive coverage of the event.
Noted writer N S Madhavan said, “This is Kerala’s ‘pink chaddi’ moment. Remember how social media campaign against Mangalore pub attacks resulted in moral police chief Pramod Muthalik of Sri Ram Sena getting drowned under a sea of pink underwear…I have to warn about equally vigilant  Kerala police who can misuse Section 294 of IPC against public display of affinity. Well-intentioned youth behind the campaign should be cautious.’’
Kochi police commissioner K G James said police would not allow the kissing event.

Explained: Energy geopoliticsPosted: October 29, 2014 1:37 am
What is the agreement?
ONGC Videsh Ltd, ONGC’s overseas investment arm, has signed a “Heads of Agreement” with PetroVietnam, Vietnam’s national oil and gas explorer and producer, “for mutual cooperation for exploration in [PetroVietnam’s] Blocks 102/10 and 106/10” in the South China Sea. OVL will take 40% equity in Block 102/10, and 50% in Block 106/10. Also, PVN will take 50% equity in OVL’s Block 128 in the South China Sea. This is an exploration block that OVL got in 2006, but had planned to exit. OVL, which currently holds 100% interest in this block, would get a two-year extension starting June 2014. Finally, ONGC has signed an MoU with PVN for “mutual cooperation for exploration in NELP blocks in Andaman and Cauvery basins, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation”.
Does China have a problem?
China lays claim to almost all of the South China Sea, whose bed is rich in hydrocarbons. It has been objecting to India’s oil exploration projects there, but the new blocks, 102/10 and 106/10, lie outside China’s claimed area. But concerns remain. Block 128 is in a part of the sea that China claims. In June 2012, OVL had decided to return the block as its exploration was not commercially viable, but held off after the Ministry of External Affairs insisted that India continue its presence in the region.
OVL has now offered equity in the block to PVN in order to cut its risks.
How has it reacted to the deal?
Cautiously, saying it would have no problems as long as the exploration was carried out in waters that were not disputed. “China’s position is consistent and clear,” Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in Beijing. “China has indisputable sovereignty over the Nansha islands [Beijing’s name for the Spratly Islands, an archipelago of over 750 reefs, islets and atolls, which China, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan and Brunei all claim]. Any lawful and justifiable oil exploration activity… is fine by us. But if (it) undermines sovereignty and interests of China we are firmly opposed to this.”
What is its record on the issue?
Beijing’s reaction to any activity in the South China Sea must be seen in the larger context of the aggression and assertiveness it has shown in the region over the past several years. A Letter of Intent signed between OVL and PVN during President Pranab Mukherjee’s visit to Hanoi last month provoked Beijing to say that China would not “support any agreement” that dealt with any “waters administered by China, or is not approved by China”. Earlier, in July 2011, the INS Airavat, an Indian naval vessel, was reportedly contacted in the South China Sea by someone claiming to be the Chinese Navy, to say the ship was entering Chinese waters. In September that year, after ONGC announced cooperation with PetroVietnam, China said it “hope(d) that relevant countries… would respect China’s position… (On) oil and gas exploration, our consistent position is that we are opposed to any country engaging in (these) in waters under China’s jurisdiction”.

UN Security Council to hold emergency meet on latest Israel-Palestine tensionsThe UN Security Council will hold an emergency meeting this week on recent tensions between Israel and the Palestinians.
By: Reuters | United Nations | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:35 am
The UN Security Council will hold an emergency meeting this week on recent tensions between Israel and the Palestinians in East Jerusalem due to Israel’s plans to build more settlements, council diplomats said on Tuesday.
The meeting, scheduled for Wednesday afternoon, is being convened in response to a request made by Jordan to Argentina’s UN Ambassador Maria Cristina Perceval, president of the 15-nation Security Council this month.
Jordan, the sole Arab nation on the council, cited Palestinian complaints about “the dangerously escalating tensions in Occupied East Jerusalem” in seeking a meeting. The emailed request was seen by Reuters.
Diplomats said it was unclear if the council would issue a joint statement, though they said it was doubtful anything significant could be agreed as the United States is wary of supporting declarations it deems critical of its ally Israel.
An Israeli government official said on Monday that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will expedite planning for some 1,000 settler homes in East Jerusalem in a bid to placate a restive coalition ally without further aggravating a dispute with Washington.
Palestinian officials have voiced alarm – echoed in the international community – over settlement building, viewing it a key obstacle to the creation of the independent state they seek in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, with East Jerusalem as its capital.
Another source of tension is Jerusalem’s holiest site, the Temple Mount and al-Aqsa mosque. Netanyahu has promised repeatedly that the “status quo” governing Jerusalem’s holiest site is not about to change, though his reassurances have done little to quell Palestinian fears.
So charged has the atmosphere become over the Old City esplanade, known to Muslims as Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount, that the Palestinians are expected to bring it up during Wednesday’s Security Council meeting.
Since the end of the Gaza war in August, tension has been rising steadily in the eastern, Arab side of Jerusalem, with almost nightly clashes between Israeli security forces and Palestinian protesters throwing rocks and petrol bombs.
A major focus of anger is the increasing number of visits by Orthodox Jews, including some politicians, to the raised marble-and-stone compound that houses the Dome of the Rock and the al-Aqsa Mosque, the third holiest site in Islam.
The Security Council is rarely able to reach a consensus on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict since the United States, a close ally of Israel, is a permanent veto-wielding member and usually blocks any measures it views as unfairly critical of the Jewish state.
The Palestinians have drafted a council resolution calling for an end to Israeli occupation by November 2016, which they have shared with Arab states and some council members. But the council has not acted on the draft.
Efforts by Jordan and European council members to get a council continued…

Tata  Airbus team up to bid for IAF aircraft dealPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:34 am
In the first big boost to the government’s ‘Make in India’ initiative, Airbus Defence and Space and Tata Advanced Systems Ltd (TASL) on Tuesday announced a joint bid for a government contract to supply military aircraft for the Indian Air Force (IAF).
The IAF is looking to replace its fleet of 56 Avro aircraft while the JV will supply the Airbus’ C295 medium transport aircraft, a joint statement said. If the combine wins the bid, Airbus would supply 16 planes while the remaining 40 would be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems (TAS) in India.
If the Airbus-TASL combine bags the order, it would be a big next step for the Tata Group firm, which thus far has been a supplier of components for Sikorsky and Lockheed Martin. It would be the first time that the firm would be building an aircraft from scratch at its unit in India.

Shoppers leery of stores hit by data breaches  survey finds0
Retailers may be heartened, however, by findings that the wealthier the households, the less likely they are to be scared off by a data breach. Also, women are significantly more likely to continue shopping at stores that have been breached than men. Retailers that have experienced data breaches in the past year include Target and Home Depot.
Looking at the 45 percent more closely, 29 percent said they "probably" would not shop there, even if they used to frequent the store, and 16 percent "definitely" would no longer shop there.
Less than a third of households with annual income of at least $75,000 are likely to avoid affected stores. In contrast, more than half of households with annual income of less than $30,000 are more likely to shop elsewhere.
The survey also found that just one in eight Americans say they are more likely to shop with credit cards this holiday season, even as credit cards offer more consumer protections than, say, debit cards.
Nearly half of major credit and debit card holders plan to pay with cash more frequently this holiday season in response to the data breaches, CreditCards.com said.
On behalf of the credit-card comparison Website, Princeton Survey Research Associates did telephone interviews, both landline and cellphone, with what it said was a nationally representative sample of 865 holders of major credit and debit cards in the continental United States. The interviews were conducted in English and Spanish Oct. 2-5. The margin of error is plus or minus 3.9 percentage points.

Sun-Times reverses stance on endorsements  will back RaunerAll act surprised: Sun-Times to endorse Bruce Rauner
posted on
Tweet
Chicago Sun-Times
After insisting for nearly three years that it would no longer endorse candidates for political office, the Sun-Times is reversing itself and formally backing Republican Bruce Rauner for governor.
The Sun-Times announced Friday that its Sunday edition would carry its choice for governor. Although the announcement stopped short of saying whom the newspaper would endorse, sources confirmed that Rauner would get the nod enthusiastically over Democrat Pat Quinn.
Michael Ferro Jr.
The decision to endorse Rauner and no other candidates on the November ballot is certain to fuel cynicism about the motives of Michael Ferro Jr., chairman of Sun-Times Media parent company Wrapports LLC. In recent weeks, sources said, Ferro has been exerting pressure on editors regarding coverage of Rauner, who held a 10 percent stake in Wrapports before he became a candidate for governor.
The back-pedaling by the Sun-Times may have been foreshadowed earlier in the week when the paper ran a full-throated editorial in support of Rauner ( “Economy only thing that matters” ) that many regarded as a tacit endorsement.
Questioned about it by Chicago magazine political blogger Carol Felsenthal, Sun-Times publisher and editor-in-chief Jim Kirk said: “This was not a backdoor endorsement. If it were an endorsement we would be upfront about it.”
The Sun-Times said it would make endorsements in the February Chicago municipal elections and “other key local races.”
Here is the text of the Sun-Times editorial announcement:
Why we are back in the endorsement business
The Chicago Sun-Times will again endorse candidates in elections.
We will plunge back in Sunday with an endorsement in the race for governor, and we will make endorsements in the February Chicago municipal elections and other key local races.
Two years and nine months ago, we announced we would no longer make endorsements, explaining that we had come to believe they feed a perception of a hidden bias throughout a newspaper. The Chicago Sun-Times has always taken great care to keep its news coverage separate from its editorials and opinion pieces, but we are sensitive to the fact that we operate within an increasingly fragmented and politicized media market.
Our readers have taken a different view. They have told us they understand the difference between the independence exhibited in the news coverage from opinions expressed in the editorials.
We appreciated this feedback and understanding.
In the years and months since our decision to stop making endorsements, readers have told us constantly that they found great value in them and wished we would make them again. Our endorsements, they said, offered another frame of reference, fresh analysis and insight. Even when they disagreed with an endorsement, readers said, it was of help to them in exercising the most fundamental right of a democratic republic — deciding who will represent them. For every reader who has commended us for standing on the sidelines, seemingly hundreds of others have asked, “Who’s gonna tell me how to vote for …?”  
When we stopped making endorsements, part of our rationale was that in this digital age citizens already have access to a vast number of resources for boning up on the issues and candidates and deciding whom to vote for. While this is true, we also know we have something extra to offer, given our deep Chicago and Illinois roots and knowledge, that can’t be found elsewhere. This is especially true for down-ballot local races for which there often is not a wealth of other information or insight.
The heart of the matter is that Chicago is our city and Illinois is our state. We belong here, love being here, and want to do our best by our hometown. It is our reason for being. The
Chicago Sun-Times is inextricably and permanently tied to this wonderful town, its fortunes becoming our own fortunes. A newspaper has a special bond with a community, and a unique obligation to be of service.
If taxes get too high, it’s our job to say so, for your sake and ours. If taxes must be raised, for that matter, we had better speak up — for your sake and ours. If our schools are inadequate, we must say so. And we had better make darn sure we are represented by the best possible elected officials, men and women of the highest caliber, looking after the near and long-term needs of the people.
The Chicago Sun-Times will make endorsements without fear or favor. We will immerse ourselves in the issues and in the qualifications of the candidates, seek the views of a broad range of experts and thought leaders, offer the best possible analysis and, finally, give you our take on who deserves your vote.
With every endorsement we make, we hope to serve our readers better.
PREVIOUS POST

NYT Describes Terrifying Ordeal Of ISIS Prisoners Before BeheadingsThe Horror Before The Beheadings - NYTimes.com
The New York Times
reddit
The hostages were taken out of their cell one by one.
In a private room, their captors asked each of them three intimate questions, a standard technique used to obtain proof that a prisoner is still alive in a kidnapping negotiation.

GM to Move Production of Volt Part to USThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

No elections in Delhi  BJP gets President Pranab Mukherjee nod to form govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

E-comm can t be back-door entry to multi-br...Confederation of British Industry
("There has been a lot of talk…)
LONDON: India today said that it is conscious not to allow e-commerce to become an avenue for foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in the much sought-after multi-brand retail sector.
"There has been a lot of talk on e-commerce. We are conscious that e-commerce should not become a back door entry for multi-brand retail," Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
She, however, clarified that she is not "pronouncing any policy on e-commerce."
Referring to India's largest e-retailer and its so-called 'Big Billion Day' sale earlier this month which had led to complaints, she said: "Post the Flipkart issue, a lot of inputs have come from concerned citizens, retailers and consumers and these complaints are being looked into."
"That does mean any investigation is going on into any particular e-commerce company," Sitharaman added.
"There is nothing promised on e-commerce at the moment." The senior BJP leader, who is also the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, is here on a two-day visit to hold discussions with investors and members of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) on the government's newly-launched 'Make in India' campaign.
In reference to the US Trade Representative's (USTR) controversial decision to initiate a review of India's Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) regime, the minister dismissed it as a "pedagogic exercise."
"I would only look at it as an exercise to understand policies of other countries. India and its courts are conscious of our intellectual property rights and we hold on to defending everything that is due to us and we shall work and engage with the United States to explain our position to them but clearly we stand our ground," she said.
She emphasised the Indian government clearly understands its intellectual property rights.
"The laws that prevail in India are very buoyant, vibrant, up-to-date and robust and that has been established by the various judgements that have come from Indian courts," she said, adding that a more definitive policy framework is being worked on and the government hopes to announce a new IPR policy by early next year.
Sitharaman will hold talks with UK business secretary Vince Cable before heading back to India later today.
She admitted that various sections of the UK industry and government had made references to the retrospective tax issue as well as specifically Vodafone and the recent court judgement.
"Our position has been very clear and we reinforce the view that we will not resort to retrospective taxation. At the same time, this government is working on simplifying the entire taxation framework completely and this will be an important tool with regard to ease of doing business in India."
FEATURED ARTICLES

List of the World s Richest Countries and America s Special Role in It31.15. New Zealand $16,871 / $47,748
32.48. Chile $16,536 / $46,697
33.19. Denmark $15,959 / $104,865
That's national wealth, and now it will be related to national power:
If the global power-ranking of countries depends upon each country's super-rich -- the billionaires in it -- then the U.S. (with its superabundance of billionaires) will have vastly more power than it has wealth, because it will have a disproportionately large number of the people who are the world's "movers and shakers," the people who fund political campaigns, and who hire former and future government (and NGO) employees ("the revolving door"). The U.S. therefore vastly disproportionately dominates the
Forbes list of a thousand people with net worths of $1.8 billion or more. In fact, America's having 1,568 billionaires, or about half of the "movers and shakers" who are eagerly sought out by politicians in every country, gives the United States Government an international clout that is far beyond our nation's wealth, because this is not only vast wealth, but it is also extremely concentrated wealth.
This helps to explain U.S. President Barack Obama's phrase referring to our country as "the one indispensable nation." He was indirectly praising the extreme economic inequality in the United States. (He doesn't praise it directly, because he is a 'Democrat.') As was mentioned, this nation is the most unequal among the wealthy ones; so, he proudly insisted, in his speech, that not only has our country been "the one indispensable nation" for "the century passed [sp.: 'past']," but that "it will be true for the century to come." He bragged: "By most measures, America has rarely been stronger relative to the rest of the world. Those who argue otherwise -- who suggest that America is in decline, or has seen its global leadership slip away -- are either misreading history or engaged in partisan politics." It sounded much like George W. Bush. This speech at West Point went on to assert: "America must always lead on the world stage. If we don't, no one else will. The military that you have joined is and always will be the backbone of that leadership. But U.S. military action cannot be the only -- or even primary -- component of our leadership in every instance. Just because we have the best hammer does not mean that every problem is a nail. And because the costs associated with military action are so high, you should expect every civilian leader -- and especially your Commander-in-Chief -- to be clear about how that awesome power should be used."
Especially the Central Intelligence Agency has been important in achieving bigger bang for the buck than the military, by secretly (though always violently) overthrowing national heads-of-state in Iran in 1953, Guatemala in 1954, Chile in 1973, and Ukraine in 2014 -- just to mention the CIA's proudest accomplishments. Our President was saying that not every nail needs the same big and expensive hammer such as the U.S. applied, for example, in Iraq in 2003 -- an all-out invasion. He told these graduating cadets: "Class of 2014, you have taken this time to prepare on the quiet banks of the Hudson. You leave this place to carry forward a legacy that no other military in human history can claim. You do so as part of a team that extends beyond your units or even our Armed Forces, for in the course of your service you will work as a team with diplomats and development experts." Of course, those "diplomats and development experts" work with the CIA, but he didn't mention the CIA in his speech. After all, it's a secret agency, and it's always trying to do things cheaply that the military charges a lot more money and American blood to do. (The CIA might be as costly in foreign blood, but that's another story entirely. America's KGB isn't much more popular abroad than theirs was.)
This is Obama's vision of how to develop America, when the U.S. Government deals with other nations. NATO relies upon it. If this country weren't the most inequitable of the wealthy countries, his plan wouldn't be able to succeed; it wouldn't be practically feasible. So, Obama is committed to keep things the way they are; he's a national leader who is determined to project his nation's past onto its future, "for the century to come." He has a vision for the country, and it's focused on the past, which he likes just fine.
Every conservative should admire him. He is a classic conservative, though not in his campaign rhetoric (remember, he was the candidate of 'change'). However, any intelligent conservative can see that he is actually one of them, despite the liberal phrases. Unfortunately, there aren't many intelligent conservatives. If they understood what conservatism is, they'd probably get a heart-attack before they'd embrace this man. But conservative leaders always rely upon their followers not understanding what they are doing. So, that too is normal for a gifted conservative leader, such as Obama is. Funneling wealth from the public to the aristocracy isn't the kind of operation that politicians want to talk about, unless they are progressives who oppose it; but politicians who do that don't get much support from America's 1,568 billionaires.
----------

Africa Online: Egypt s Digital Future and the Global Economyreddit
Technological innovation has long been a driving force of social progress. With rampant social, political, and economic instability, the flourishing ICT sector may hold the key for Egypt's advancement.
With a strong and conducive ecosystem in place, there are no limits to the positive impact the ICT sector can have in Egypt -- socially, economically and politically. With over 50,000 people currently employed in the offshore outsourcing sector, ICT growth holds massive opportunity for job creation -- something of increasing necessity in the face of high youth unemployment.
The impact extends beyond national boards, as Egypt could play a major role in creating an alliance between North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa, effectively positioning the continent as an offshore outsourcing destination to rival the global leader India.
Prior to the January 25 Revolution, Egypt was well on its way to establishing itself as a leader in the ICT business process outsourcing (BPO) sector. Ranked fifth worldwide in terms of attractiveness in the offshore outsourcing field, Egypt was home to companies like Xceed -- the largest call center and BPO company in the southern Mediterranean, and one that I was proud to lead as CEO from 2001 until 2013.
During my tenure at Xceed, I observed the competitive advantages Egypt holds in the BPO realm. Along with a geographic location perfectly situated to service USA, Asia and Europe, Egypt sits atop the fiber optic submarine cables that connect East to West. When combined with its world-class communication systems and multilingual talent pool, Egypt's infrastructural capacity for offshore outsourcing is unparalleled.
This not only allowed Xceed to grow and flourish, but enabled other multinational call centers such as Sykes, Stream and Teleperformance to emerge within Egypt, making it an internationally competitive market. The logical next step was for Egypt to emerge as a regional leader, starting with cross-country integration of its BPO companies. However, the post-Revolutionary economic downturn prohibited these companies from seeking growth and expansion opportunities.
Despite this temporary setback, now is the time to resume these plans. While the entire country struggled in the aftermath of the Revolution, the ICT sector remained an area of strength and growth -- albeit nominal -- throughout. With political stability on the horizon for Egypt, now is the time to build on this momentum, regain our lead, and uncover the potential a strong ICT sector holds for our development.
In order to do so, however, a proper ecosystem must first be created.
Such a process requires dedication and stakeholder engagement on multiple levels -- namely the company, industry, and governmental level. Firstly, a minimum local demand must be created by companies -- the "bread and butter" that will both create and sustain the industry. For example, when Xceed started, we could not afford to do international projects before first establishing ourselves locally. We did this by first working with Telecom Egypt 111 -- the Telecom Egypt hotline. Starting with just 300 seats, we were able to obtain new customers by showing the results and quality of our work in action. While the BPO sector is established locally, it must continue to grow in terms of quality and capacity at the national level in order to attract international clients.
Secondly, industry-wide support structures must be established -- an excellent example of which is the Smart Village. With hassle-free and world-class infrastructure, as well as business continuity services and green e-waste, the Smart Village technology park has been crucial in providing the necessary ecosystem to protect, stimulate and attract foreign direct investment to the ICT sector. This experience, while great in and of itself, must now be replicated in order to expand the sector.
Finally, governmental support on the regulatory and legislative level and partnership with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) is required to create an ecosystem conducive for ICT sector growth. With government support, the Information Technology Institute (ITI) is currently providing university graduates with two-year intensive language courses to meet the demands of offshore outsourcing call centers. Effective NGOs such as Education For Employment can also contribute to an increasingly skilled and globally competitive workforce.
Governmental support can also leverage potential partnerships and increase visibility. The local ICT industry can increase its participation in international shows under the Egyptian Pavilion, with cost-sharing schemes in partnership with the private sector. International delegations, including analysts, reporters and opinion leaders, can be invited by business associations and the government to the Smart Village and the newly-minted Maadi Technology Park to get a first-hand account of the booming ICT sector and alleviate concerns about the situation in Egypt. The government can also support and facilitate the active participation of Egyptian industry leaders as speakers in international conferences to share success stories and reinstate Egypt's position on the radar of potential outsourcers and investors. Finally, the government can actively seek out the revival of one or two anchor multinational ICT companies, such as Microsoft and Cisco, in order to serve as a success story for international media coverage. Economically, ICT holds the key to directing high levels of FDI into the local economy and giving it the push it needs.
The "Digital Economy" is not just merely online commerce. It is about applying IT and telecommunications technologies across the board as enablers of job creation, economic development, and social progress, thereby offering citizens wealth, prosperity and a better quality of life.
This post is part of a series produced by The Huffington Post and Education For Employment (EFE), a non-profit focused on creating job opportunities for unemployed youth in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA). Conflict and upheaval have dominated the news on MENA in 2014, and some see a region spiraling into chaos. But beneath the alarm bells, some digital pioneers are doubling down on their bets that the region's next generation could have a brighter future tied to technology and skills. For more information on EFE, read here .
Follow Adel Danish on Twitter: www.twitter.com/adanish
More:

Can Delegation Killreddit
When C-level executives are asked what change they could make to become a more effective leader, one of the most common answers is, "I need to delegate more!"
My caution to these executives is always the same: Inappropriate delegation can kill. Kill morale, careers, and even a company.
Delegation is not a quality like "demonstrating integrity" or "complying with the law." Honest, ethical, and legal behavior is always appropriate -- delegation isn't. Inappropriate delegation can do more harm than good.
I saw an extreme example of the "empowerment is good" flaw in one of America's largest companies. The CEO naively believed that his employees would always rise to the occasion and see the value of their learning through mistakes they made. He eventually promoted people to levels that were far beyond their capabilities. These people were not ready for the challenge. Perhaps they could learn from their mistakes when the mistakes cost thousands of dollars, but the company went bankrupt when the mistakes cost billions. Delegation killed morale, careers, and the company.
So what do you do, kill delegation? My answer is "no."
Instead don't delegate more. Delegate more effectively. So let's examine what I mean by "effective delegation."
Two Causes of Ineffective Delegation
When feedback from direct reports indicates that a manager needs to delegate more effectively, the dissatisfaction could come from one of two causes: The direct reports may feel that their leader is micro-managing or getting overly involved with subordinates, or the direct reports may not feel micro-managed at all, but see their leader engaged in tasks that could be done effectively by someone at a lower level in the company.
How to Ensure Effective Delegation
To help leaders ensure effective delegation, my advice is simple:
Have each direct report list her or his key areas of responsibility. Schedule one-on-one sessions with each person. Review each area of responsibility and ask, "Are there cases where you believe that I get too involved and can let go more? Are there cases when I need to get more involved and give you some more help?" When leaders go through this exercise, they almost always find that in some cases, more delegation is wanted, and in others it is not. In fact, more help is needed.
Ask each direct report, "Do you ever see me working on tasks that someone at my level doesn't need to do? Are there areas where I can help other people grow and develop, and give myself more time to focus on strategy and long-term planning?" Almost invariably, direct reports will come up with great suggestions.
For example, for several of my C-level clients, team management has emerged as an area where letting go can both free up executive time and help develop direct reports. Too many top executives feel a need to schedule team meetings and then act as traffic cop during the meeting to ensure that the time schedules are met and that agendas are completed. This meeting management task can usually be delegated on a rotating basis to direct reports. This helps direct reports understand the agendas of the peer team members and allows them to develop their skills in building collaboration and reaching consensus.
In one example, a CEO was frequently traveling. He would not schedule any team meeting when he was on the road and was falling behind on some important projects. A team member suggested that he did not have to be present at every meeting and that the team could still get a lot done without him in the room. He was pleasantly surprised at the outcome. Decisions that involved cross-divisional cooperation were made effectively without involving him. Another advantage was that his direct reports were getting on-the-job training that could help them take on larger responsibilities in the future.
On the other side of the coin, a division president learned that his employees consistently wanted more direction on one key topic. The company was operating in a rapidly changing environment. His direct reports didn't need to be told what to do or how to do it in terms of technical details. They needed to know how their work was fitting into the larger strategy of the corporation and how their efforts were aligned with their peers both in the division and across the company. By establishing regular bi-monthly check-in meetings with each person, the president was able to increase the effectiveness of the team and help them build better relationships across the company.
What are your next steps? When are you getting too involved? When do you need to get more involved?
Ask yourself these tough questions. Then ask the people who are working with you. The answers may save your time and increase your team's effectiveness.
If you don't ask these questions, you might be delegating without input--and literally without a compass. You will be flying blind.
Instead, with input, you can delegate with your eyes wide open. Delegation won't blindly kill--instead it will appropriately breathe new life into an organization and build morale, careers and a company.
*     *     *
Please view the Marshall Goldsmith Thinkers50 Video Blog . The next short video in the series Coaching for Leaders: Two Elements for Effective Delegation accompanies this article. I'll post these blogs once a week for the next 50 weeks. The series will incorporate learnings from my 38 years of experience with top executives, as well as material from my previous research, articles and books, including What Got You Here Won't Get You There, MOJO, Coaching for Leadership, and Succession: Are You Ready? The blogs will also include material from my exciting new research on engagement and my upcoming book Triggers (to be published by Crown in 2015).
Follow Marshall Goldsmith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/coachgoldsmith
More:

FTC Says AT&T Misled Customers Over Unlimited DataThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Maybe you can change peoples minds about climate change after all(Photo by David McNew/Getty Images)
It's no secret that certain political worldviews prevent people from accepting the science of global warming.
And it's not just that conservative and  pro-free market  beliefs are  strongly correlated  with dismissal of climate science. Get this: Conservatives who are more scientifically literate, or better at math, are even  less likely  than their ideological compatriots to accept global warming. That's how powerful ideology can be -- and such findings have often been used to call into question whether educational initiatives can really make any difference when it comes to hot-button scientific issues like climate.
A new study just out in the journal Climatic Change, however, suggests education may work after all.
Kathryn Stevenson and her colleagues at North Carolina State University studied a sample of 378 sixth, seventh, and eighth grade students in North Carolina, administering questionnaires that assessed their level of scientific knowledge about climate change, their degree of acceptance of mainstream climate science (the idea that humans are causing global warming),  and also how ideologically "individualistic" -- a worldview that emphasizes freedom and free markets, and that is very skeptical of government regulation -- they were.
And they produced a result that reversed prior findings: In middle school "individualists," as their level of scientific knowledge about global warming increased, so did their acceptance of the idea that it is caused by humans. In fact, the knowledge-acceptance relationship was stronger in these young individualists than it was among kids who had a disposition toward communitarianism -- an ideological view that is best captured in Hillary Clinton's famous phrase " it takes a village ," and that emphasizes our co-dependency in society, rather than the importance of individual freedom and initiative.
In the study, communitarian kids started out with a higher level of acceptance of human caused global warming overall -- but individualist kids showed a lot more movement in relation to how much climate science knowledge they had:
Figure showing the relationship between scientific knowledge about climate change, political ideology, and acceptance of human-caused global warming in middle-schoolers. Credit: Kathryn Stevenson et al, " Overcoming skepticism with education: interacting influences of worldviews and climate change knowledge on perceived climate change risk among adolescents ," Climatic Change, 2014. Reproduced with permission.
In other words, climate science education may well work to counteract political ideology after all -- at least if you get to kids when they're young enough, before ideological views have become crystalized.
Somewhat surprisingly, the study suggests that middle school kids do seem to have ideology -- at least in a nascent form. "Kids are just developing their worldviews, their political ideologies," says North Carolina State's Stevenson, the study's lead author. "The worldviews and political ideologies are just starting to form, and so our data seem to suggest that they’re exerting some influence, but it’s just not strong enough to have the type of lens that we have as adults -- which just sort of takes over everything else."
Indeed, middle school students in the study did show a glimmering of ideological traits similar to those of adults -- some were more individualistic than others, for instance. And just as in adults, individualistic thinking in these adolescents was associated with less global warming belief (at least when students’ levels of knowledge were low). The difference, though, lay in how this ideological disposition seemed to interact with levels of knowledge or education about climate science -- unlike among adults, it just didn't seem to interfere in the same way.
This is not the only study suggesting such a result. Another recent paper, also in Climatic Change,  evaluated the effectiveness of a popular climate science education program, the Alliance for Climate Education 's entertaining hour-long climate literacy session for high schoolers -- and also seemed to suggest that this educational program can counteract the effects of political ideology.
In this case, the researchers involved -- affiliated with Yale, Stanford, George Mason, Saphir Research Consulting, and the Alliance for Climate Education -- used a different measure of students' ideology or views on global warming: The well-known  "Six Americas" paradigm , in which Americans are classified into the following groups with respect to climate change: "alarmed," "concerned," "cautious," "disengaged," "doubtful," and "dismissive." The latter two groups, and especially the "dismissives," tend to be more ideologically individualistic.
The study found that after attending the Alliance for Climate Education's hour long live assembly presentation about climate change -- which has been seen by 1.5 million high school students so far -- 49 percent of students who started out as "dismissive" shifted into a more positively engaged "Six Americas" segment. Those in the "doubtful" and "disengaged" categories moved even more -- 68 percent and 72 percent, respectively. In other words, once again, education seemed to at least partly overcome ideology.
education program: The Alliance for Climate Education ," Climatic Change, October 19, 2014. Reproduced with permission.
Not everyone agrees with this line of research, though. In particular, Yale researcher Dan Kahan, who has done much of the pioneering research on how individualism and other ideological dispositions shape climate change beliefs -- and how levels of scientific knowledge can actually exacerbate this problem -- composed a lengthy blog post  gently critiquing the study by Stevenson and her colleagues.
While Kahan praised the researchers for extending this line of inquiry into a new demographic -- middle-schoolers -- he also suggested there might be a problem with the study design. Students' climate science knowledge or literacy may be difficult to disentangle from their ideological disposition, Kahan suggested, leading to potential confounding in the study. "Propositions of fact on climate change -- like whether it is happening & whether humans are causing it -- have become entangled in antagonistic cultural meanings, transforming them into badges of membership & loyalty to affinity groups of immense significance in people’s everyday lives," he wrote.
In an interview, the study's lead author, North Carolina State's Kathryn Stevenson, responded to Kahan's critique as follows:
He suggests the knowledge scale is not really measuring knowledge, it’s measuring worldview. But I was looking at our data again, and we’re just not finding it. We’re not finding any correlation between the kids’ worldviews, and their knowledge. An individualist is no more or less likely to answer one of the knowledge scales correctly than a communitarian.
No doubt the researchers will have to work this out further. In the meantime, though, climate science educators can have a little hope.
Chris Mooney reports on science and the environment.

Dems push sleeper issue in Kentucky Senate race: Social Security privatizationBy Greg Sargent October 28 Follow @theplumlinegs
The other day, the Dem-aligned Senate Majority PAC made a splash by going up in Kentucky with a very harsh ad hitting Mitch McConnell over his previous support for Social Security privatization . The ad linked that stance to an assertion that McConnell had “rearranged his portfolio” after private calls with a top Treasury Department official, implicitly suggesting McConnell had milked inside connections to bolster his own retirement security while gambling with that of others.
The ad ticked off the McConnell campaign, which circulated a fact check that said it had oversimplified the claims in the original article on which it was based and overlooked the fact that it had alleged no wrongdoing.
The McConnell campaign is trying to get TV stations to stop running the ad. I’ve checked in with Kentucky stations, and most declined to reveal their plans for the spot, though an official at one — Fox affiliate WDRB — told me: “We reinstated the spot, finding the assertions factual.”
A spokesman for Senate Majority PAC told me the ad is still airing “on every station we bought on.”
The dust-up shows that Democrats are pushing hard to make Social Security privatization a sleeper issue in the last days of the Kentucky Senate race. And they were handed an unexpected opening in this regard, when McConnell himself made an offhand reference to his own involvement with George W. Bush’s Social Security privatization efforts in 2005. “He wanted us to try to fix Social Security,” McConnell said during a recent speech . “I spent a year trying to get any Democrat in the Senate…to help us.”
As Steve Benen notes , bringing this up was a surprising move, given how deeply unpopular the privatization push was at the time. Democrats have since been hammering the issue, and McConnell has been asked by reporters to clarify his plans for Social Security. When reporter Joe Sonka asked whether a GOP Senate majority would pursue privatization, McConnell replied: “I’m not announcing what the agenda would be in advance,” though his spokesman clarified that he wasn’t interested “in reviving the 2005 debate.” Meanwhile, according to one local report , McConnell today “evaded questions” on the topic.
The Grimes campaign, by contrast, is pushing the topic hard. When McConnell brought Bobby Jindal to Kentucky to campaign for him the other day, the Grimes camp quickly pointed out that Jindal had supported the 2005 privatization push, too. And on the stump, Grimes has repeatedly floated variations of the idea that unlike McConnell, she would never gamble away her grandmother’s Social Security on the stock market.
The larger story here is that Democrats are going back to an old standby, not just in Kentucky, but in multiple other races, too, such as Alaska, where Senator Mark Begich has talked about expanding social insurance for the elderly, and in Iowa, where Democrats are running ads lacerating Joni Ernst on the topic . And there really is a legitimate policy contrast of sorts here. Ernst really has talked about privatizing Social Security “as an option,” and her Democratic opponent, Bruce Braley, really does oppose it under any circumstances. And McConnell really did remind everyone of his own very real role in Bush’s privatization drive. As Michael Tomasky puts it :
It will be a theme of Grimes’s closing week in a race that the experts might have written off a little prematurely…they’re doing it because it often enough does work. Old people vote in midterms, so it stands a much better chance of having an impact than a last-second student-loan scare. And it’s not a stretch of the facts. McConnell did what he did in 2005, and he was foolish enough to boast about it in public less than two weeks before an election.
 
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Foot Locker ad predicts hilarious future for Wizards John WallBy Scott Allen October 28 Follow @ScottSAllen
 
John Wall’s first signature shoe from Adidas hits stores Friday, and as Wall’s friend in a new Foot Locker commercial explains, the milestone is all part of The Process for the rising Wizards star.
Wall’s signature shoe — the J Wall 1 — begets a championship run. Then Wall gets married, buys a mansion, has his number retired and opens a sports bar — Wall’s Wings and Burgers.
(Via Foot Locker)
And then, the same friend explains, Wall lets his fame and fortune go to his head and gets a little too comfortable. He loses his money, his girl, his mansion and his sports bar. All part of The Process, you see.
(Via Foot Locker)
Eventually, Wall winds up doing local car dealership commercials. But hey, the Wizards would still have a championship.
(Via Foot Locker)
Check out some behind-the-scenes footage from Wall’s commercial shoot here, via Bleacher Report’s Lance Fresh.
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

Global shares rally on earnings  data; bond prices slip2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Burdwan probe: Mamata  NSA open all lines of contactBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

BJP wants TMC declared violent  terroristpartyPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:17 am
A DAY after three people were killed in a political clash at Makra village in Birbhum district, the West Bengal BJP Tuesday said it will move the Calcutta High Court demanding a CBI inquiry into the incident and Rs 10 lakh compensation to the kin of the victims.
State BJP president Rahul Sinha also said the party will ask the Election Commission to declare the ruling Trinamool Congress “a violent, terrorist party”.
“The TMC talks of secularism and calls us communal. Then how should we term the genocide that the TMC committed Monday in Makra, where all those who died were from the minority community? I will visit the chief election officer Wednesday and submit a memorandum and ask the Election Commission to declare TMC as a violent and a terrorist party,” Sinha said.
He was addressing the media after leading a silent rally of the party in the heart of Kolkata to protest against the killings.
“We will also move the High Court Wednesday seeking its intervention and a CBI probe into the matter,” he said, adding that the party will also seek a compensation of Rs 10 lakh each to the kin of those killed and Rs 2 lakh to each injured.
Sinha claimed that most of the clash victims were BJP members. “They (TMC) attacked Makra as the entire village consists of BJP supporters. The terror tactics of TMC won’t work any more in Bengal. The minorities too have started realising the true face of TMC,” he said, adding that the ruling party used the police administration as “mute spectators” in the entire incident.
A BJP team that visited Choumandalpur village, where the officer-in-charge of Parui police station was attacked during a raid on October 24, will also submit its report to the central leadership Wednesday after which Sinha will talk to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh. “Our party president Amit Shah and general secretary J P Nadda has already inquired about the incident,” Sinha said.

CBI to probe Lucknow-based jewellers role in murder of wife  children inPuriPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:15 am
Ten months after the pregnant wife of a Lucknow-based jeweller and their two children were found dead in a hotel room in Puri, the Orissa government has handed over probe to the CBI. The jeweller, main accused in the case, has been missing since the mysterious deaths.
Earlier, the in-laws of the jeweller had written to Orissa DGP demanding a CBI probe in the case. State police officials said considering the inter-state ramifications, the CBI was best suited to probe the matter.
Amit Agarwal, 31, a resident of Surangi Tola in Lucknow, suddenly disappeared along with his wife Ankita, daughter Bani and son Vidyansu on August 18 last year. Police on August 20 found his car abandoned near Allahabad and found a suicide note in which he allegedly stated that he was committing suicide with his family members.
On December 15 last year, the bodies of Ankita along with two children were found. Ankita was two-months pregnant at the time of her death. All the three were reportedly strangulated.
According to police, Amit was in heavy debt. Even his father refused to bail him out. He then took his family on a tour. The family had checked into hotel Zamindar Palace in Puri on December 9. After killing his family, Agarwal has been absconding. A case of murder was registered at Sea Beach police station of Puri.

Burdwan blast: Mamata accepts lapses bypolicePrint
Mamata Banerjee said police did a ‘fine job’ with the probe
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:12 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:53 am
Admitting to lapses by the West Bengal police in the Burdwan blast case, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee reportedly informed National Security Advisor Ajit Doval that the state government has ordered an internal inquiry to find out how the prime accused Kauser Ali, a key operative of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB), managed to escape. A preliminary probe by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has so far not found any “political patronage” being given to the accused, sources said.
Sources said Banerjee, who met NSA and senior Home Ministry officials, said though the police did a “fine job” with the investigations, they could not understand its magnitude and may have “downplayed the incident.”
“The Chief Minister was told that Kauser Ali, who escaped from the Burdwan house where the blast took place, was in neighbouring Birbhum from October 2-5 and could have easily been caught had the police acted more swiftly,” said a senior official.
Investigators said the two prime accused Kauser Ali and Sheikh Habibur, both Bangladesh nationals, used to teach at two girls madrasas — at Simulia in Burdwan and at Lalgola in Murshidabad. “The two accused belong to Bangladesh and were teaching the girl students here. We have come to know they were being indoctrinated as well as being taught about chemicals,” said the official. The two women who were arrested from the house — Razia Bibi and Alima Bibi — also belong to Bangladesh but had residential proof that showed them as natives of West Bengal.
The MHA is planning to hand over the case in Assam, where six people were arrested, also to the NIA as it is linked to the Burdwan case and the government has no objection to it.
Doval explained to Banerjee the deep-rooted conspiracy being hatched from West Bengal to target installations in neighbouring Bangladesh. India will also be handing over a dossier to the Bangladesh government for preventive steps and necessary action that Dhaka needs to take to counter the threat posed by JMB.
Officials said the JMB module was active in West Bengal for the last three years and the house where the blast took place was taken on rent of Rs 4,200 per month since July from a person who is a supporter of the ruling Trinamool Congress.

MLA meets Jung to develop Mahipalpur garbagedumpThe plan is to develop Mahipalpur as a green belt. (Archive)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:03 am
Pushing for a multi-utility recreation and fitness centre, a water body and a 200-bed hospital in Mahipalpur village, AAP leader Devinder Sehrawat took up the issue of developing a green belt in the area with Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung on Tuesday.
According to Sehrawat, who had contested Lok Sabha polls from South Delhi on an AAP ticket, around 20,000 square yards of land in Mahipalpur should be used for building a multi-utility recreation and fitness centre.
“This land has turned into a garbage dump. A pond and a recreation and cultural centre for villagers should be built on this land. We had met the L-G on September 26 for the development of Mahipalpur and a follow-up meeting took place today. The area needs to be developed as a green belt,” Sehrawat said.
Concerns were also raised over the alleged plans of the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to allot the land for construction of hotels.
Alleging that the plans were a violation of court orders, Sehrawat said, “The court has banned diversion of village grazing land (gram sabha land). Village Mahipalpur is located in the environmentally sensitive Aravali ridge. In the past, the ridge has been plundered for the construction of malls and institutions on Nelson Mandela Marg… The L-G’s office has assured that these issues have been taken up with the departments and agencies concerned.”
He said an environment committee formed by a court had recommended a ban on construction on the South Central Aravali Ridge area.
“Another issue in the area – regarding construction of a 200-bed hospital in the area – was also discussed during the meeting. This project is lying approved since 2003. The hospital is essential for residents as well as accident and trauma cases on the national highway. The hospital also has the potential to play a vital role in case of a disaster at the international airport,” Sehrawat said.
Responding to these allegations, a DDA official said, “The DDA does not acquire land. It is acquired by the Delhi government.”

SC slams Centre  tells it to list all with foreignaccountsPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:03 am
SC slams Centre, tells it to list all with foreign accounts Slamming the government for seeking modification of its order on the black money issue, the Supreme Court on Tuesday gave it an ultimatum to disclose the names of all Indians who hold foreign bank accounts by Wednesday morning, reports fe Bureau in New Delhi. Finance minister Arun Jaitley told reporters later the government would give the list in a sealed envelope.
A bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu directed the government to reveal to it all information received from various foreign banks. As the government cited the confidentiality clause in international treaties that prevented it from revealing information on Indians’ foreign bank accounts with untaxed funds till charges are filed in a court of law, the court directed it to “pass on the information even if it amounts to breach of (the) clause”.
“We cannot touch our 2011 order and we won’t change even a word of it… New regime at (the) Centre can’t ask modification of order when it was passed in an open court and accepted by the government,” the court said.
By its 2011 order, the court had asked the government to reveal names of Indians with foreign bank accounts once the probes were concluded, that is, even without launch of prosecution. The government has since argued that such a commitment to the court would not only breach secrecy clauses in international treaties but would come in the way of signing of new information-sharing pacts that are essential for gathering relevant information in the first place.
“Why are you trying to protect people having bank accounts in foreign countries?… Whatever you have got, you first give it to us. You do not do anything. You don’t have to verify. Just pass information of account holders to us and we will pass order for any probe to be done by (special investigation team)or any other agency including CBI and income tax department… SIT will take all the trouble. Let (the) Union government cooperate with the SIT and the court,” the CJI directed. “Don’t investigate. You give it to us. We will take the trouble. You pass on the information even if it amounts to breach of confidentiality clause,” the apex court said.
Jaitley told reporters: “The government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given it to the court-constituted SIT. The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law we must get to the root of the matter.” The minister said the government will do everything to bring back the black money as well as to punish all illicit foreign account holders.
The apex court diktat came a day after the Centre on Monday revealed eight names, which included consumer products giant Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chamanlal Lodhiya, Goa mining company Timblo Private Ltd and five of its directors — Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. Prosecution has been continued…

Surya Prakash appointed Prasar BharatichairmanPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:03 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:02 pm
Author-journalist A Surya Prakash was Tuesday appointed the chairman of public broadcaster Prasar Bharati for a full term of three years.
Prakash, who has worked with an array of media organisations in the past is currently consulting editor at The Pioneer and a Fellow at Vivekananda International Foundation (VIF) — a New Delhi-based think-tank.
After weeks of delay, Prakash’s appointment was cleared by a three-member committee headed by Vice-President Hamid Ansari and comprising Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju and Information & Broadcasting Secretary Bimal Julka.
Prakash’s candidature was preferred over those of Swapan Dasgupta and Balbir Punj both of whom were in the running for the top job, government sources told The Indian Express.
Prakash has held key positions in several print and electronic media organisations. He was editor at Zee News, executive editor at The Pioneer, India Editor at Asia Times — a business and political daily published from Bangkok and Singapore — political editor at Eenadu Group of Newspapers and Chief of Bureau at The Indian Express, New Delhi.
He is also the founder-director of the Film and Media School at the Institute of Integrated Learning in Management, New Delhi, and founder-director of the Pioneer Media School.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Prakash said, “Public service is the key for a public service broadcaster, but in today’s environment, there is great scope for Prasar Bharati to be there competing in a professional way. Also, All India Radio and Doordarshan are far more credible in today’s times than they were when they existed as mere government departments. I feel a lot can be done, especially on the look and feel of our channels. Prasar Bharati just needs a good professional approach.”
Correction: The print version of this copy and two earlier copies wrongly mentioned P K Mishra as a member of the VIF. The error is regretted.

Black money: SIT seeks probe unit  changes inDTAAPrint
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:02 am
In its first report submitted to the Supreme Court, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money has sought an investigation unit, with the Enforcement Directorate as the nodal co-ordinating agency.
The court-appointed SIT, headed by retired Supreme Court judges M B Shah and Arijit Pasayat, has made several recommendations like redrafting the Double Tax Avoidance Agreement (DTAA), audit by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on suspicious exports and appointing officers to complete pending investigation in top 15 tax evasion cases.
In the HSBC Geneva account holders’ case, the SIT summoned all investigation-related information from the Income-Tax Department as well as the inspection report of the Reserve Bank of India on the bank’s activities in the financial year 2012.
As first reported by The Indian Express, the SIT has also suggested sweeping changes in various laws in connection with the money laundering.
Most significant of all, the SIT wants DTAA, under which the Indian government receives information, to be rewritten. After the SIT recommendation, the Finance Ministry has asked Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi’s opinion on the matter.
The SIT also wants the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) amended to introduce seizure of value equivalent to the assets or funds stashed abroad. It has recommended including tax evasion as a predicate offence under the definition of PMLA, which attracts stringent punishment.
The report also recommends redefining “Beneficial Ownership”, which guides the ownership of trusts and corporate vehicles.
While critical of the lack of co-ordination between various enforcement agencies, the SIT has directed the Income-Tax Department to give access to 360 degree data profiling facility to Customs and Central Excise to detect tax evasion cases.
It has also put a time frame on both Income Tax and Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) for completing cases. The CBEC has been asked to put three officers on job to complete top 15 cases pending with them, while Income-Tax Department has been asked to place officers to look at 8,080 pending cases and not transfer officers until they complete their assignments.
The Income-Tax Department has been directed to introduce a new column in its return forms for disclosing foreign bank accounts in past eight years and scrutiny of those years.

Traffic police chief gets court notice for e-rickshaws onroadPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:01 am
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday issued contempt of court notices to the Joint Commissioner of Traffic Police Anil Shukla and Transport Commissioner Satish Mathur for allowing e-rickshaws to ply in the capital despite court orders banning the vehicles.
On July 31, the High Court had banned e-rickshaws from plying in Delhi after observing that the vehicles were illegal and plying without authorisation.
The court of Justice V K Shali issued orders to Shukla and Mathur to “show cause as to why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against them” after noting that e-rickshaws continued to “ply with impunity” in the city.
The notices were issued on a plea filed by social worker Shanawaz Khan, who had filed a PIL seeking regulation on e-rickshaws, following which the High Court had banned the vehicles from plying without proper rules. Khan had also named Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi in his contempt plea, but the court has, for now, not issued any notice to the commissioner.
“Why are you allowing them to ply?” the court said.
During the brief hearing, Delhi government counsel Zubeda Begum also told the court that a draft notification on the rules to govern plying of e-rickshaws had been circulated by the Ministry of Road Transport, and would be finalised soon.
Khan, in his plea, has alleged that despite the July 31 ban on the vehicles, e-rickshaws were plying in Old Delhi, Delhi, trans-Yamuna area and Delhi University. The court also took note of pictures submitted by the petitioner showing e-rickshaws in the city.

http://usat.ly/1u3FTTvUSA TODAY, WSJ, NYT are top three papers in circulation
USA TODAY, WSJ, NYT are top three papers in circulation, according to Alliance for Audited Media
Post to Facebook
USA TODAY, WSJ, NYT are top three papers in circulation USA TODAY, WSJ, NYT are top three papers in circulation, according to Alliance for Audited Media Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u3FTTv
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
USA TODAY, WSJ, NYT are top three papers in circulation
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 4:06 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
3/24/14 8:34:35 AM -- Washington, DC, U.S.A  -- USA TODAY General view of the Hub inside the USA TODAY newsroom during the morning news meeting. --    Photo by Andrew P. Scott, USA TODAY Staff ORG XMIT:  AS 130043 USAT NATIONAL NEWS DE [Via MerlinFTP Drop]
(Photo: Andrew P. Scott, USAT)
97 CONNECT 62 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
USA TODAY was the nation's top newspaper in circulation for the six-month period ending September, according to industry data released Tuesday.
The top three U.S. newspapers by total average circulation – from print products, digital subscriptions and other papers that use their branded content – are USA Today (4,139,380), The Wall Street Journal (2,276,207) and The New York Times (2,134,150), according to Alliance for Audited Media.
The report contains data for more than 1,200 U.S. newspapers.
With newspapers offering subscriptions in various ways beyond print products, it has become increasingly difficult for AAM to provide apples-to-apples comparison data used to rank newspapers.
Some newspapers have installed a "paywall," requiring readers to pay for content online. Others e-mail PDF copies of the print paper. Many newspapers, including USA TODAY, offer content for free online while retaining a large base of print customers. And there are other content partnerships that make comparable assessment difficult.
USA TODAY gets a significant boost in circulation from its "Butterfly" program, in which it produces a branded insert for news and features distributed to other newspapers owned by its parent, Gannett. Its average weekday print circulation totaled 1.08 million, but the paper also had an additional 1.6 million in "branded editions" circulation.
USA TODAY also has 1.4 million in "digital non-replica" circulation, which refers largely to the number of readers who read the publication for free on its mobile apps.
AAM stopped publishing its comparative U.S. rankings and industry averages a year ago. "Due to ongoing AAM newspaper rule changes, no comparable data is contained in the September 2014," AAM said in a statement. "For this reason, we advise against comparing year-over-year data."
The Wall Street Journal reported 1.36 million in print circulation and has about 916,000 paying customers online.
The New York Times' weekday print circulation averaged 640,000 (1.18 million for Sunday). With a paywall on its main site and mobile apps that require monthly subscription, the paper's digital circulation totaled 1.38 million.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u3FTTv
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Facebook s Advertising Revenue Soars in 3QThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Shark O Leary: Facebook s Q3 really good
How to become the world champion of beardsBy Jessica Contrera October 28 Follow mjcontrera
This is a story about a man, and how he achieved his dream  — by doing nothing.
Nothing, people said, was the first step in growing a beard, even a beard worthy of entering the World Beard and Moustache Championships. That’s a thing, the World Beard and Moustache Championships , and it happened to be happening in the man’s home town, Portland, Ore. The 29-year-old was known for his rapid facial hair growth, and the man had many friends who did much convincing.
And so, with the championship more than a year away, the man began to do nothing.
Nobody seemed to mind the man’s amassing facial hair, being that he is a filmmaker/artist/musician, and those are occupations mostly free of what the bearding community calls “beard-ists.” (Haters of beards, i.e.: the U.S. Army, Brigham Young University and the New York Yankees, the director of the championship says). But as D.C. barbers at the Wise Owl Club put it, “these days, beards are synonymous with trendy.” Facial hair, those stubble-aficionados know, goes in and out of style. In 2014, the beard is mainstream.
So Madison Rowley, 29, didn’t think much of it. Until of course, the beard started to overtake his face, and the mustache grew long enough to wrap around his ears, and then there was much to consider.
The eating of peanut butter: On sandwiches, on apples, it will inevitably end up grazing his mustache, and thus, the smell of peanuts sits under his nose until the next wash.
The antics of friends: “Let’s see how many bottle caps we can hide in your beard!” sounds like a good idea, until he can’t remember how many were in there. They fall out the bottom eventually.
The kissing of ladies: “As soon as the time for the kiss arrives, I always seem to apologize beforehand,” Rowley said in an interview. “That probably isn’t necessary, but I always feel self conscious because I can’t imagine someone wanting to subject themself to this beard.”
Rowley began to recognize that his pursuit would be inconvenient at all times. “I never found myself thinking, ‘Oh, it is awesome that this is keeping my chest dry from the rain,’” he said. But the championships were getting closer, and so he would stay away from razors and would keep doing nothing. Sometimes mustache wax to get it out of the way, but mostly, nothing.
His dad said, “If you win, I’ll grow mine out and enter next year.”
Strangers said, “Can I touch it?” and before the words left their mouths, their hands were already invading his personal space.
The woman who sold him a black satin smoking jacket for the event said, “you look amazing.”
And so when Saturday, Oct. 25 came, Rowley was ready. He went to his parents’ house and spent 30 minutes fluffing with his mom’s purple metallic hairdryer. He assured himself that he was entering just to show he had done it. And soon, he could shave it off.
He went to the auditorium, where 300-some participants paraded their follicle feats proudly on their faces. The competition was fierce: moustaches curving up to eyes, goatees braided into ropes, even a beard weaved with Cheetos. For five hours the show went on for a row of judges that included a beauty pageant winner and a man often referred to as “the foremost authority on the cultural history of facial hair.”
Photos courtesy of the World Beard and Moustache Championships.
The contestants were asked to strut and the crowd was asked to cheer and when it came time to announce the winner, our man with the nothing-doing and peanut butter smell heard a familiar name:
“Madison! Rowley!”
And like that, he had the best beard in the world.
His mom hugged him and newspapers photographed him and more strangers touched him and then they reminded him, now he wins a trip to Austria! For the 2015 World Beard and Moustache Championships, next October! To show off his beard!
The beard. Next year.
So he won’t be shaving, after all.
But he did win, which means his dad should keep his promise. Now that’s quite a dream: a bearded father-son duo, taking on the World Championships.
They would start doing nothing right away.
Madison Rowley, champion of facial hair. Photo courtesy of the World Beard and Moustache Championships.
 

House of Cards actress and Washington native Elizabeth Norment deadBy Emily Heil October 28 Follow @emilyaheil
Elizabeth Norment, the actress who played the long-suffering and ever-loyal secretary to scheming politician Frank Underwood in the Netflix hit “House of Cards” died on Oct. 13 at the age of 61, according to the Hollywood Reporter .
Norment was a Washington native whose father was a CIA administrator. Before joining the cast of the D.C.-set show as Underwood aide Nancy Kaufman, her career included roles on the miniseries “Political Animals” with Sigourney Weaver and as Eunice Kennedy in the 1985 CBS miniseries “Robert Kennedy and His Times.”
“Everyone at House of Cards is deeply saddened by Elizabeth’s passing. She was a talented actress, a warm soul and a good friend to us all,”  Beau Willimon, the series’ showrunner, said in a statement to the Hollywood Reporter.
 

Suburban Chicago homebuilders talking about land again0
In southwest suburban Plainfield, for example, builders have begun talking with the village about getting land they may purchase into the development pipeline and potentially adding hundreds of homes to the community.
Village planner Michael Garrigan said if someone asked him a year ago whether he expected to see raw land developed next year, he would have scoffed at the notion, but not anymore. "A lot of these guys are very bullish on 2015," Garrigan said. "It's a weird market. Developers with houses are selling houses, but there's still a very cautionary approach to moving dirt. That's the dilemma. There are really no lots left."
Some 70 miles away in northwest suburban Woodstock, officials have had some preliminary discussions with companies about unannexed raw land, but nothing has materialized. At the same time, the Apple Creek development by bankrupt Kirk Homes remains unfinished, according to Cort Carlson, director of community and economic development.
To be sure, there have been plenty of opportunities at unfinished subdivisions, and builders have seized upon them.
Ryland Homes, for instance, has restarted home construction in stalled subdivisions in eight municipalities since 2010 as it seeks to broaden its geographic footprint. Some of those deals have been tricky, working through financial issues. With its completion of Fields of Shorewood near, Ryland is under contract to acquire a nearby parcel, finish the streets and market the construction of 86 homes.
"We're trying to restart development in neighborhoods that were suspended if we can figure out the right homes at the right prices," said John Carroll, president of Ryland's Chicago division.
William Ryan Homes, which also has entered several subdivisions started by a failed competitor and found success, is looking at raw land as well. However, despite buying a parcel in Hampshire, it largely is confining its searches to east of Illinois Highway 47, according to company vice president Deborah Beaver.
By year's end, M/I Homes hopes to start marketing homes in Kettering Estates, a 241-home development in Lemont, where it is now pushing around raw dirt to get roads built. It also is moving forward this year with raw land it acquired in Warrenville, where it will build 74 attached single-family homes.
"I think today's consumer would rather wait for the right location and area and if affordability is an issue, they'll just get a smaller unit rather than going for the big box out on the outer growth ring," said Ron Martin, region president of M/I.
Most of the five additional parcels M/I has under contract are raw land also in suburban Chicago's inner growth ring, Martin added.
Despite the activity, housing starts for the year are likely to be down from 2013 and remain a pittance of their level in the mid-2000s.
"We've slowed this year," said Lance Ramella, a senior vice president at John Burns Real Estate Consulting. "We had Chicago rated a warm (market) until this month and we changed it to cold. The fundamentals are still pretty strong. We're just not selling houses. We don't have enough new housing in really strong locations, and people want to live in really strong locations."
In the first quarter of 2006, annualized housing starts topped 34,000 in the 12-county area, a market high. Exactly three years later, the number of new projects started didn't even break 6,000, according to Metrostudy.
In the 12 months that ended in September, construction began on 5,400 homes. For all of last year, there were 4,900 starts.
"When the numbers are as low as they are, a 10 percent increase isn't as exciting," Huecksteadt said. "The recovery is certainly not as strong as we thought it would be."
The slowdown in home construction, and concerns about that dip, isn't just local. Nationally, homebuilder confidence fell this month after four consecutive monthly gains, according to a National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo index.

Twitter analytics: Learn more about your tweets0
Why go deeper? Because if you're doing the things, you can keep doing them and even make adjustments to do them better. But you could also find out what you're doing wrong and where improvement is necessary. That can be a game changer.
Here are the kinds of things you can find out with Twitter analytics, followed by my tips to make the most of them.
Impressions, engagement, engagement rate: Impressions are the number of times users saw the tweet on Twitter. Engagement is total number of times a user interacted with a tweet. Engagement rate is the number of engagements, divided by the total number of impressions. Engagements include all clicks anywhere on the tweet, including hashtags, links, avatar, user name and tweet expansion, as well as retweets, replies, follows and favorites. You can also see specific graphics that look closer at retweets, link clicks, favorites and replies.
Why does it matter? If your numbers often hover around zero, people aren't interested in your tweets. If your numbers spike, look at what you did differently in that tweet and try to replicate it elsewhere. Obviously, something is getting people's attention.
You can learn a lot about your followers: Click on the follower tab to be transported to a different world of detail. See a line graph of your followers over time to see how fast -- or slowly -- you have grown. Then learn about your followers and their interests, including their top five unique interests and their top 10 interests. Learn where most of your followers are and what accounts your followers also follow.
Why does it matter? Because you can learn a lot about your followers. If your followers really like business news, don't tweet about Amanda Bynes. You'll probably have more followers in the city where you live, but look at the second-place city and consider tweeting something relative to that audience. That will show that you are paying attention. And if your followers really like another Twitter account, see what kinds of information you can glean from there.
All of this will leave you wanting more, because the information is so useful. So instead of just tweeting and hoping something sticks, go into your social media day with a social media plan.
What questions do you have about social media? Tweet them to @scottkleinberg with hashtag #SoSocial. He might select yours for use in a future column.

Aamir and Anushka launch the must-watch trailerCelebrity
The trailer launch of PK
P.K. is a movie that has Aamir Khan and Anushka Sharma in lead roles. The most awaited trailer has finally been launched by Aamir Khan, Anushka Sharma and the producers Rajkumar Hirani and Vidhu Vinod Chopra.
The story revolves around Aamir Khan (PK) supposed an alien who is living amongst the public in an unusual manner.
1 / 23

This woman won an election in Brazil - it s good news for India!How Rousseff’s re-election benefits India
Recommend
Link
1 month 10 days ago, ET NOW
Experts say that with re-election of Leftist Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, global investors will be wary of investing in that country. Some of those funds could be headed to other emerging markets including India that have shown reform-oriented policies.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Twitter shares sink on worries about usageTwitter shares sink on worries about usage
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 09.46PM IST
The shares, which have traded as high as $74.73 since the company went public nearly a year ago, fell to $42.47 in mid-morning trade.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Shares in Twitter sank more than 12 percent Tuesday as disappointing user numbers overshadowed a doubling of income in its third quarter and sparked several analyst downgrades.
The shares, which have traded as high as $74.73 since the company went public nearly a year ago, fell to $42.47 in mid-morning trade following the earnings release late Monday.
Analysts said that although revenues at the micro-blogging service soared 114 percent from a year earlier to $361 million, user data was not as impressive as hoped, and did not support the rich valuation in the share price.
"Their user growth is mildly encouraging, but I want to see better," said Forrester Research analyst Nate Elliott.
"Users is their key metric; they need to get people using the site every day."
"Facebook is constantly giving people new reasons to come back to the site. Twitter needs to do more of that," he added.
The number of monthly users grew 23 percent from a year earlier to 284 million, matching analyst expectations.
But "timeline views" -- which give an idea of how much time each user spends on the website, and thus is exposed to advertising and other income generators for Twitter -- were up only 14 percent year-on-year.
As measured against monthly active users, timeline views were down seven percent on average.
Twitter chief financial officer Anthony Noto said the fall in average usage "primarily reflects the changes we've been making to allow users to more efficiently access our content."
At the same time, he told analysts late Monday, timeline views per user will remain flat in the current quarter.
As a result, a number of broker analysts cut their ratings and price target for the company.
Cannacord Genuity lowered their target to $56, down from the previous $62. RBC Capital Markets reduced its target to $47 from $65, and Merrill Lynch set its target at $50.
Stifel took the most bearish view, calling the stock a "sell" at the current price.
Twitter went public on November 6, 2013, at $26 a share, and quickly soared to nearly triple that. Shares slumped back to near $30 in May but rebounded to around $50 before Tuesday's selloff.

The FTC is suing AT&T for throttling its unlimited data customersBy Brian Fung and Craig Timberg October 28 Follow @b_fung Follow @craigtimberg
(Rick Wilking / Reuters)
Federal officials on Tuesday sued AT&T, the nation’s second-largest cellular carrier, for allegedly deceiving millions of customers by selling them supposedly “unlimited” data plans that the company later “throttled” by slowing Internet speeds when customers surfed the Web too much.
The Federal Trade Commission said the practice, used by AT&T since 2011, resulted in slower speeds for customers on at least 25 million occasions – in some cases cutting user Internet speeds by 90 percent, to the point where they resembled dial-up services of old. The 3.5 million affected customers experienced these slowdowns an average of 12 days each month, said the FTC, which received thousands of complaints about the practice.
The legal action -- which AT&T immediately criticized and signaled it was prepared to fight -- is one of the most aggressive yet under FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, a reserved former corporate lawyer who took office last year. In challenging one of the nation’s largest cellular providers, she also tread close to the jurisdiction of a sister agency, the Federal Communications Commission, which more regularly handles telecommunications issues but often has been criticized by consumer groups as being too cozy with industry and not aggressive enough in protecting customers’ privacy and pocketbooks.
“AT&T promised its customers ‘unlimited’ data, and in many instances, it has failed to deliver on that promise,” said Ramirez in a statement. “The issue here is simple: ‘unlimited’ means unlimited.”
She said that the FTC was seeking financial damages that could result in money being repaid to AT&T customers affected by the company’s policy of throttling. The suit, which was approved by the five-member commission in a unanimous vote, was filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
The FTC found in its investigation that AT&T was aware that consumers saw throttling as inconsistent with promises of “unlimited” data. When the company explained the concept to focus groups, the FTC reported in its suit, customers grew upset. The company’s own researchers then urged AT&T’s marketers that “saying less is more” when it comes to selling such services.
The FTC lawsuit rested on its power to police deceptive marketing practices and prompted praise from consumer advocates, who long have complained that cellular carriers have larded the bills of their customers with unnecessary and deceptive charges. Throttling, they said, deprived customers of data they believed they had paid for, with little recourse against AT&T. The practice occurred even when AT&T’s network was not burdened, according to the FTC, which added that the company had received 190,000 customer calls regarding the practice.
“It’s absolutely outrageous,” said John Bergmayer, a senior staff attorney at Public Knowledge, an advocacy group based in Washington. “They’re not allowed to promise one thing and deliver another… Unlimited is not unlimited when you put limits on it.”
AT&T responded by calling the FTC’s allegations “baseless” and an intrusion into the normal network management practiced by all telecommunications providers. The company also noted that it had alerted customers about the throttling, by sending e-mails or texts notifying customers that they had crossed pre-set limits and would experience slower data speeds for the rest of the billing period.
“It’s baffling as to why the FTC would choose to take this action against a company that, like all major wireless providers, manages its network resources to provide the best possible service to all customers,” said AT&T senior executive vice president Wayne Watts, “and does it in a way that is fully transparent and consistent with the law and our contracts.”
The lawsuit marks the second time this year that a major wireless carrier has been targeted for its treatment of customers on unlimited data plans. The FCC wrote a letter in July criticizing Verizon over a plan to throttle heavy users during periods of peak congestion. Verizon later backed down on that plan. The FCC said Tuesday that it was coordinating with the FTC on investigations into carriers slowing down unlimited data.
“Wireless customers across the country are complaining that their supposedly ‘unlimited’ data plans are not truly unlimited, because they are being throttled and they have not received appropriate notice,” said Neil Grace, an FCC spokesman. “We encourage customers to contact the FCC if they are being throttled by AT&T or other cellular providers.”
The lawsuit comes at an awkward time for AT&T, which is trying to convince regulators to approve its $49 billion acquisition of the nation’s largest satellite TV provider, DirecTV.
AT&T is also paying $105 million to settle charges from this month that it loaded consumers’ wireless bills with bogus third-party fees without their consent. Those fees, according to the FTC and the FCC, added “hundreds of millions of dollars” to AT&T’s bottom line over a five-year period and misled customers into thinking that they were being charged for AT&T’s own services.
FTC investigations take place behind closed doors and often result in out-of-court settlements, typically proceeding to legal action only when accords cannot be reached. The inability to agree on terms of a possible settlement suggests high stakes for AT&T, which like other cellular carriers relies increasingly on delivering data, rather than traditional phone calls, in making money from its customers. The company is the 14th-largest spender on lobbying in America, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
In the lawsuit filed Tuesday, the FTC cited numerous consumers who alleged that AT&T failed to honor its commitments to unlimited data.
“This is a clear case of bait and switch,” one customer said, according to the FTC’s complaint.
“If [I’m] being punished for using my phone and plan as advertised[,] then I have lost a lot of respect for [AT&T],” said another.
The fight also touches on some larger issues, including the politically charged debate over “net neutrality,” which concerns whether Internet providers should be allowed to alter the speeds of various Internet traffic, potentially prioritizing the data flowing from favored corporate partners. Both of the Republican commissioners on the FTC, Maureen Ohlhausen and Joshua Wright, issued tweets on Tuesday afternoon saying that the AT&T lawsuit showed that the FTC already has the power to regulate certain abuses in Internet data flows.
“@ATT throttling case shows the @FTC can and will enforce broadband ISPs’ promises about traffic mgt. #NetNeutrality http:,” Ohlhausen said in her tweet.
Such arguments come amid larger turf issues between the FCC and the FTC, which regulates a broader group of industries and often is described as more aggressive in curbing the abuses of large companies.
“Under Ramirez, the commission is going to confront some of the most powerful companies in the country for their data and privacy practices,” said Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, a consumer and privacy group based in Washington. “This is part of a much broader set of investigations going on at the FTC to look at how the digital data marketplace treats consumers… The FTC is stepping into an area where the FCC has failed to be an effective regulator.”
The FTC filed a complaint in July against T-Mobile, the nation’s fourth-largest cellular carrier, for allegedly “cramming” their bills with charges for “premium” services that customers often did not seek or understand.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.
Craig Timberg is a national technology reporter for The Post.

NRI investors claim $103 million from ICICI Venture  move Mauritius Supreme CourtYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
NRI investors claim $103 million from ICICI Venture, move Mauritius Supreme Court
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 12.01AM IST
Tags:
Dynamic India Fund III
(ICICI Venture denied any…)
MUMBAI: A group of investors in a Mauritius-based realty fund of ICICI Venture have sought damages totalling $ 103 million for losses suffered by them, but the asset manager termed the allegations as "totally baseless and malicious".
ICICI Venture also countered the claim of damages, saying the aggrieved investors accounted for a small percentage of those invested in the fund and they had refused to take an 'cash exit option' although returns were never guaranteed.
The investors are claiming losses from their investments in ICICI Venture's Dynamic India Fund III , which invested the money in realty projects which bombed, the NRIs' legal firm Banymandhup Boolell Chambers said in a statement.
The petition is being heard by the Mauritius Supreme Court , it added.
Alleging that they have suffered huge losses from the investments made, a group of 69 NRI investors from about among 500, has dragged ICICI and associated companies to the Mauritius Supreme Court. The investors are seeking $ 103,699,976 and interests from the fund, and others.
The petitioners have alleged that the fund invested in real estate projects, many of which failed to take off despite the world-class claim and assured returns promised by marketing teams.
"A plaint with summons was lodged before the Supreme Court of Mauritius by a group of NRIs and foreign investors against the ICICI Ventures, International Financial Services (IFS), ICICI Bank and the Western India Trustee & Executor Co," Banymandhup Boolell Chambers of Mauritius said.
When contacted, ICICI Venture denied any such development and termed it as baseless and that it had offered them a cash exit option in line with best global practices.
Its parent, ICICI Bank refused to comment, saying the allegations pertain to their PE arm and not the bank.
"The allegations levelled by a set of investors, constituting only 12 per cent of the investors in the said fund, are totally baseless, not supported by facts and are malicious," an ICICI Venture spokesperson said.
Stating it manages assets of over $ 2.5 billion and has delivered returns to its investors across various funds, ICICI Venture said it is common knowledge that globally PEs do not guarantee returns given the risks involved. Also, realty projects have long gestation period and hence the returns accrue over a period of time, it claimed.
The statement further said that it has extended the life of the said fund by three years to optimise realisation from the portfolio.
"As far as the legal proceedings instituted are concerned, ICICI Ventures will take necessary steps regarding the same based on legal advice," the spokesperson added.
The close-ended fund had a corpus of $ 220 million and its primary objective was to develop, lease, own and sell quality office buildings, residential premises and retail spaces attractive to quality tenants/users and appeal to long-term institutional investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is Your Imagination Undermining Your Successreddit
As leaders, imagination is a vital tool. Often the organizational visions we paint originate right from of our imagination. As Albert Einstein said, "Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand." Thus, imagination has no boundaries or limitations. It is central our organization's success and we need to let it breathe.
Imagination is one of those words that remind us of children playing. A child's bedroom can be a castle for the royal family, a spaceship to a distant galaxy or a spooky cave to be explored. The possibilities are infinite. Sadly, as we become adults and start working, we may shut down our imaginations as we are told to be more rational, face reality (often someone else's) and focus on results.
Critical to the success of any vision is the need for it to be at least 51% believable. Playing with our imagination over and over starts to raise the believability index to higher percentages. When we create a vision for the organization, one of two approaches are frequently used. We may create a slogan and hang it on the wall, taking no further action to accomplish the vision. Or we may create a vision that is reinforced by the actions we take as leaders. We work with the people in the organization, breaking down the vision into bite size next-action-steps, and praise people who contribute to the organization's success. Which do you imagine works best?
Imaginations are very fertile ground for both positive and negative images.  FEAR, an acronym for False Expectations Appearing Real, embeds itself in our imagination. Another word for these False Expectations is worry. When we enter into worry, we are creating a negative future fantasy. Some leaders let the worry grow and build upon itself by imagining ever-greater negative outcomes. Often this FEAR immobilizes us, and we hesitate or even stop taking action. Additionally, when we do take action we may second-guess ourselves and sometimes criticize ourselves for the actions we do take.
As a result, we stop living in the present. Being present is a significant aspect of leader presence. The people we lead will sense when we aren't present. They will see the worry on our face and start interpreting what it means to the organization and perhaps their own financial future. FEAR is highly contagious.
Our first challenge is to become aware that we are worrying. We need to catch ourselves in the act of worry and ask ourselves, "What is happening right now?" The more detailed we are in describing the here and now, the more we move into being present.
We can also use this very same worry as a planning tool. This requires using our FEAR to create and develop positive expectations. For every negative fantasy that emerges from our imagination, we can create new and useful positive outcomes. We might say to ourselves, "If this happens, I can do ______." This is a very simple action to take, though it may not be easy in the beginning. Taking this action every time we have FEAR begins to loosen the grip it has on our imagination.
After all, do we want to win or lose in our imagination? A good friend of mine once said, "Only a fool loses in his imagination." Might we be fooling ourselves by holding negative future fantasies that cause us to worry?
Follow Gregory Stebbins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/gregstebbins
More:

Advertising and Tech Trends for 2015reddit
In an early start to the prediction season I recently took part in a panel on #Trends2015, hosted by the Canadian Technology Accelerator and featuring a range of perspectives from the startups, enterprises, media and agencies. Here is a quick round up of some of my favorite trends to watch for next year.
Rise of the Sensors
You name it. Next year someone will put a sensor in it.
They have been slowly making their way into communications and services over the last two years - initially driven via Android but accelerated by Apple adding it's iBeacons to the game. We are starting to see an infrastructure rollout that will drive broader awareness and use via mobile.
These beacons act as triggers that allow for smarter interaction with an environment - for instance, if I walk into a store a beacon will know who I am and what department I'm in, sending me a notification for an in store promotion based on my past shopping history. There are multiple major sports stadiums across the US currently installing networks of beacons so we can expect some cool executions, expect to see beacons used a lot in interactive OOH and sensors attached to athletes for live sports analytics.
The Evolution of Mobile & Social Payments
Mobile and social payments will finally be able to shine in 2015, a trend delayed significantly due to Apple's resistance to add NFC to iPhones. The release of Apple Pay brings a fresh battle between mobile/online payments. Google and Apple are obvious leaders, both with different elements of advantage but Apple's dominance of the high end smartphone market in the US should give it a slight advantage.
Social payments are something significant not only for small business and artists. Twitter is running a payment pilot with a range of musicians and content providers, allowing them to sell access to a video or track with just a click - a model that feels perfect for the platform and may be the future of direct content sales. Just like trending hashtags and @mentions it will likely be followed by Facebook, who is about to rollout payments via FB Messenger in a strategy to build it's financial data strategy.
Health Tech & Wearables Go Mainstream
Sure, everyone has had activity trackers for years - but with open platforms bringing all that data together and consumers starting to share it with their doctors - get ready for an explosion in this space. This data will be leveraged to consistently add real value in our lives.
Smart watches will start to appear on wrists throughout the year, brands and apps will rush to shrink their content into what is being known as 'glanceables' - small snackable content formats that can be viewed on a watch or a Google Now card.
My favorite quote on the Apple Watch is from Aza Raskin, Head of Innovation at Jawbone: "In a decade, only the affluent will be able to afford to be disconnected. The iWatch et al will start sexy and end as a shackle." Look for the unplug movement to clash with the emergence of smartwatches.
Selfies Get Serious
Next year it's time to up your selfie game - 2015 is when the selfie really gets tech. Hyperlapse, Drone shots, and connected devices that can trigger the camera on your phone are becoming mainstream and offer whole range of new perspectives for us to present ourselves to the world. Can Google Glass stay in the game without a selfie strategy?
More Ambitious Native & Branded Content
I have to give 'Native' the award for the most overused buzzword of this year. Look for many new Native ad formats to emerge as it continues its charge in 2015, but who will it go too far? Some people will start to call brands out on it as the lines between editorial content and advertising become too blurred.
This year we have seen quality TV shows funded entirely by brands, my bet is that in 2015 we'll see a brand fully fund a scripted feature film. There is already loads of product placement but I'm talking the primary production backer. Fueled by the ability to debut straight to streaming distribution and inspired by Netflix's plans to debut their own movies directly on their platform, I can see some brands making a smart impact within film.
Follow Jeremy Wilson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/byJRW
More:

Blood-Curdling Mistakes on Your Enterprise Blog: Are You Guiltyreddit
The enterprise blog is the foundation of your content marketing efforts, yet it's fraught with hurdles and often ends before it has had time to flourish. A well-managed blog can generate sales leads and create lasting relationships with your audience. Yet, the dismal truth is that 77 percent of all businesses have a blog and 85 percent of those have five or fewer posts. Worse, many blogs end up digging their own graves and squandering the opportunity to capitalize on the potentially lucrative and highly converting content marketing leads.
So, what are common themes that lead to a corporate blog's untimely demise? And how do you prevent getting to the point where you have hammered the proverbial nail in the coffin? Barry Feldman of Feldman Creative and ClearVoice , a content marketing platform, recently created an infographic titled " Eulogy for a Blog ." The infographic narrates a eulogy of an ill-fated blog, yet offers inspiration on how you can keep the vitality of yours intact.
To maintain the health of your blog, you need the following characteristics:
Engaging content that offers value and resonates with your readers.
A defined viewpoint that educates, entertains, engages, or inspires your audience.
Influential guest contributors who enhance credibility and outreach potential.
A steady and consistent blog post schedule.
A visually appealing layout that is easy to read across various platforms.
Think of your blog as a living, breathing entity and ask yourself, "What if..."
Your blog took more time to plan?
Your blog was a better listener?
Your blog lived by a schedule?
Your blog was tidied up?
Your blog was more capable of pouring his heart into his work -- or maybe seeking the help of professionals?
Your blog had built relationships with influential people who might have taken an interest in his work, given him some advice, and perhaps opportunities?
Is your blog on the brink of an untimely death? Check out the eulogizing infographic below...
Follow Allie Gray Freeland on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AllieGrayFree
More:

NRA Uses Gun Violence to Maximize Profitsreddit
How can we believe the National Rifle Association opposes gun violence when every mass murder committed with guns is answered by the NRA's call to buy more weapons, which increases their profits?   There have been three mass killings by crazed gunmen just over the past week, and the gun industry's response via the NRA is that guns don't kill people, people kill people.
Their latest attempt to boost sales is an attempt to influence the outcome of competing Washington State initiatives 594 that would require universal background checks, and Initiative 591 that bars universal background checks.  Guess which initiative is backed by the gun industry?  So restricting gun sales via universal background checks won't stop the killers?  Really?
It means those gun makers who fund the NRA are directly responsible for the bizarre mass shootings that have discriminately killed so many children and adults.  Their only answer has been to blame the victims who hadn't purchased guns (with high capacity magazines) for not being 'cocked and ready' when a crazed gunman commits mayhem.
Yet large capacity ammunition magazines are the common thread uniting all of the high-profile mass shootings in America, according to the Washington DC Violence Policy Center that listed the mind-numbing results--42 mass killings from 1984 to June 2013, with 380 killed and 365 wounded by the gunmen.  Two of the shooters used assault rifles with 75-round high capacity drum magazines enabling the huge body count.
The shooter who killed 20 children and 7 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut in 2012 equipped his assault weapon with 30-round magazines, which enabled him to fire 154 rounds in less than five minutes.
The gunman in Tucson, Arizona who killed six people and injured 13 others, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords, in a supermarket parking lot in 2011, used a handgun equipped with a 33-round magazine.  His shooting spree was only interrupted when he was tackled by a bystander as he finally stopped to reload his weapon.
We have to look at when gun manufacturers began to manufacture large magazine weapons for the origins of the mass killings.  It was to boost their profits in a market already saturated with guns.  In fact, prior to the 1980s, the most popular type of handgun was the revolver, which typically holds six rounds of ammunition in a rotating cylinder. During the 1980s, however, the firearms industry began mass producing and marketing semiautomatic pistols, which can accept ammunition magazines.
In 1980, semiautomatic pistols accounted for only 32 percent of the 2.3 million handguns produced in America.9 By 2008, however, such pistols accounted for 76 percent of the 1.8 million handguns produced that year.
How has the gun industry been able to fool so many people for so long on the facts of gun violence?  Factcheck.org points out how the NRA's reflex response to any gun violence is to mount truly bizarre campaigns that deny any culpability for the mayhem.  The NRA's response to the Sandy Hook Elementary School killing of 20 children and 7 adults is but one example. "We need to have every single school in America immediately deploy a protection program proven to work -- and by that I mean armed security," said the NRA's Wayne LaPierre just one week after the massacre.
Why would the NRA so blatantly ignore the revulsion felt by so many over the massacre? New Jersey Governor Chris Christy highlighted the callous absurdity of Wayne Lapierre's response. "In general I don't think that the solution to safety in schools is putting an armed guard because for it to be really effective in my view, from a law enforcement perspective, you have to have an armed guard at every classroom," he said. "Because if you just have an armed guard at the front door then what if this guy had gone around to the side door? There's many doors in and out of schools."
So the gun industry would be much happier it they could sell every teacher a firearm that would have to be kept in every classroom to be an effective deterrent. That would really boost their profits!
The Sandy Hook massacre even caused the U.S. Senate to attempt to take action to tighten gun regulations with universal background checks, including for gun show and online sales.  Yet it was still voted down because of a multi-million dollar lobbying campaign by the gun industry.
"I agree wholeheartedly with the goal of the NRA," Joe Manchin, one of the bill's sponsors. "I was surprised when the latest alert from the NRA was full of misinformation. ... They are telling members that our legislation would criminalize the private transfer of firearms by honest, law-abiding citizens. ... That is a lie."
The Brady Campaign To Prevent Gun Violence spells out the loopholes that allow gun sales to grow and gun companies to make even more profits.  Online and gun show sales require no background checks, even though the Bureau of Tobacco and Firearms documents U.S. gun shows as a major source of bulk weapons' sales to Mexican Drug Cartels.
The NRA's excuses for Elliot Rogers Isla Vista, California, mass murder was that it was the result of California's stringent gun regulation that prevents lawful citizens from owning guns.  But that is an outright lie, as the California law only bans assault rifles with large magazine clips. California has banned the sale of Semi-automatic firearms that the state has classified as assault weapons, .50 BMG caliber rifles, and magazines that can hold more than ten rounds of ammunition.
Since 2005, the gun industry and its corporate allies have given between $20 million and $52.6 million to the NRA through the NRA Ring of Freedom sponsor program. Donors include firearm companies like Midway USA, Springfield Armory Inc, Pierce Bullet Seal Target Systems, and Beretta USA Corporation. Other supporters from the gun industry include Cabala's, Sturm Rugar & Co, and Smith & Wesson.
And industry profits have soared. According to the Christian Science Monitor , $6 billion in estimated revenue was earned by the US gun and ammunition manufacturing industry in 2012, according to a financial report by the research firm D&B First Research based in Austin, Texas. The major manufacturers include Browning Arms, Freedom Group, Olin, Aliant Tech Systems, Sturm, Ruger & Company, and Smith & Wesson.  The biggest companies are Ruger and Smith & Wesson, which represent about 30 percent of the industry.
The estimated number of guns in circulation in the United States as of 2009 was 310 million, according to a survey from the National Institute of Justice . That number includes 114 million handguns, 110 million rifles, and 82 million shotguns. The number of available guns has increased 62 percent since 1994, when there were about 192 million firearms in circulation. "Per capita, the civilian gun stock has roughly doubled since 1968, from one gun per every two persons to one gun per person," according to a report from the Congressional Research Service.
Need we say more to uncover the tactics used by gun manufactures to increase their profits, regardless of public safety concerns?  The Brady Campaign's numbers tell it all:
• One in three people in the U.S. know someone who has been shot.
• On average, 32 Americans are murdered with guns every day and 140 are treated for a gun assault in an emergency room.
• Every day on average, 51 people kill themselves with a firearm, and 45 people are shot or killed in an accident with a gun.
• The U.S. firearm homicide rate is 20 times higher than the combined rates of 22 countries that are our peers in wealth and population.
• A gun in the home is 22 times more likely to be used to kill or injure in a domestic homicide, suicide, or unintentional shooting than to be used in self-defense.
Gun manufacturers and the NRA are maximizing profits at the expense of public safety.  They have become in fact a danger to civil society, rather than protector of public safety.
Harlan Green © 2014
Follow Harlan Green on Twitter: www.twitter.com/HarlanGreen
More:

46 Hours of Tape | Goldman Sachs  The Fed & Carmen SegarraBy Elin Cherry via Compliance-risk.com
By Elin Cherry, Principal and Head of Capital Markets Practice at Compliance Risk Concepts
What will be the regulatory impact of 46 hours of tapes and how can firms prepare to respond?
For those of us in the Compliance and Regulatory world of financial institutions, the story of Carmen Segarra's secret recordings is a great read ( click here to listen ). However, the reality of the situation is gloomy for regulated financial institutions . The crux of the story is that the Fed was too close to Goldman Sachs to make unbiased decisions and, as a result, it was and is a lax and ineffective regulator. What will be the consequences for financial institutions that are already spending millions on regulatory risk
What About Financial Institutions That Are Not Goldman Sachs?
There are very few financial institutions that carry the political weight and reputation of Goldman Sachs. While everything reported by these recordings may be true for Goldman, experience at several other banks tell a different story. Other experiences show that the Fed was anything but timid in questioning management decisions. Questions have been asked in meetings that were blunt and accusatory.
Demands were made of banks that the banks disagreed with - and the Fed did not back down. It even appeared at times that the Fed was bullying these institutions. Now, however, the Fed is accused of not standing its ground with Goldman Sachs, and unfortunately the fallout from these secretly taped recording will impact not only Goldman and its peers, but all of the financial initiations regulated by the Fed. Those institutions that felt bullied before will be under even more scrutiny and questioning from the Fed and other regulators, even though regulatory spending is at an all-time high. Most financial institutions have invested deeply in compliance and regulatory and the pressure to invest even more will now likely increase.
What Will Be The Impact To Regulators?
Regulators are already under a massive amount of pressure; any time there is a bubble that breaks, one of the first questions asked is, "Where were the regulators?" In addition, regulators are overseen internally and externally. Often, examiners will insinuate in conversations with firms that the examiner knows the requirements they are asking about are not relevant to safety and soundness or any other regulatory requirement. However they need the information to satisfy a supervisor or an auditor. Imagine the world where the most junior examiners are given the power of supervisors and auditors. Picture an examiner with less than four months of experience having a finding that can't be substantiated, but because that examiner strongly believes in the matter, the matter will be given the same weight as if it had been analyzed by a senior officer of the regulator.
The regulators are now going to be concerned that each employee's findings (no matter how inexperienced or uninformed) need to be given equal weighting. Each and every supervisor and officer at regulators are now going to be concerned with secret tapings and whistle blowing at every instance. Visualize the impact on the regulated entity in this environment. Firms that are already investing large amounts of revenue in regulatory and compliance will need to invest even more to satisfy the regulators' fear.
Implement Single Standards Across Firm
Firms should focus on implementing single standards across the firm when possible.
How can firms help themselves counter-point this imbalance? Compliance at many firms is often disorderly and not well coordinated. Compliance is frequently managed division by division, which leads to inconsistencies in policies and procedures and the result is that the Compliance Program can appear broken and confusing, particularly to inexperienced examiners. This coordination will help even the most inexperienced examiner understand the firm, and it will ultimately reduce the cost of compliance, in that a clear-cut program will require fewer resources to maintain.
Allocate Sufficient Resources To Policies and Procedures
Firms should ensure that they have allocated sufficient resources to the creation and maintenance of policies and procedures. Most examinations, reviews and investigations include a thorough review of policies and procedures. Policies and procedures should be in plain English and should not require additional explanation for a reader to comprehend. If a firm finds itself in the position of explaining to a regulator how a certain policy covers a specific risk or how it applies to a business line, then the policy is not clear. Recently policies and procedures have become weaker as the adoption method of policies and procedures has become more and more a committee or consensus process. Firms need to be cautious of this procedure as the substance and required regulatory elements of policies could get removed or diluted during the approval process. Allowing diluted policies throughout the firm without a clear roadmap as to where they apply is an invitation to the regulators to question and investigate the firm further.
Credible Relationships Count
Firms need to continue to develop credible relationships with all examiners, not merely senior members of the examination team. Going forward the regulators will likely be more concerned about "regulatory capture" nevertheless it is important that regulators as well as individual examiners trust that the information that they are provided is transparent and complete.
Segarra Effect Caution
Firms will also need to be cautious of the "Segarra Effect" within their own staff. Firms should be particularly sensitive to staff in Risk positions such as audit, regulatory, compliance and finance as they have sensitive knowledge of firm risk decisions as well as their focus on an ethical culture. All employees need to be given multiple avenues to address concerns that may arise. Employees need to be respected and heard. How management addresses concerns from employees will become even more important going forward. Firms should partner with their Human Resources department to develop training for managers on how to address employee concerns and whistle blowing.
In conclusion, the aftermath of the tapes will mean even deeper regulatory scrutiny and tougher regulators. Firms need to be prepared by better coordinating their Compliance Program throughout the firm, drafting better policies and procedures and continuing to develop credible relationships with regulators.
This article was originally posted on compliance-risk.com.
Elin Cherry is Principal and Head of Capital Markets Practice at Compliance Risk Concepts ("CRC"), a management consulting organization. Previously Elin was Director and Head of Business Unit Compliance, for CIT Group Inc.Prior to CIT Elin was at Societe Generale, where she served as Managing Director, Head of Global Markets Compliance and Deputy Director to the Chief Compliance Officer.Follow Elin @elincherry.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Hispanics on a GOP Senate: Sure  why notBy Nia-Malika Henderson October 28 Follow @niawapo
Ruben Gallego of Phoenix, Arizona holds a Latinos for Udall sign at a canvass kickoff campaign event on October 25, 2014 in Thornton, Colorado. Udall is seeking reelection as one of Colorado's two senators and faces Republican challenger Cory Gardner in a tight race for the seat. (Photo by Marc Piscotty/Getty Images)
This number jumped out at me from the new Washington Post/ABC News poll : It showed that, among Latinos, 50 percent say it doesn't matter who wins the Senate come November. And among those who do think it will matter, twice as many say it would be a good thing (30 percent) if the GOP took over as say it would be a bad thing (15 percent).
This is a demographic, we will remind you, that voted 71-27 for President Obama just two years ago. And only 15 percent are concerned about a GOP-controlled Senate.
While there is a fairly big margin of error (plus/minus 10 points) in this sub-sample, those are still striking numbers -- and they comport nicely with the idea of Hispanics' declining faith in the Democratic Party. And if you can't get voters to believe something will change, it's hard to make a convincing case to get them to vote.
President Obama, for instance, has said that with a Democratic-controlled Senate, there would be "at least one branch in Congress that is presenting these ideas, making arguments" on such things as minimum wage and equal pay. Sounds like a debating society.
This snapshot poll shows Latinos holding views more similar to political independents then self-identified Democrats. Among Democrats, 50 percent say a GOP Senate would be a bad thing. Even that seems kind of muted -- but not nearly as muted as among Hispanics.
On the economy, Latinos are much more likely to be down on the state of the country -- again, sounding much more like independents than Democrats. Three quarters of Latinos have a negative view on the economy, which (in the abstract, at least) is often voters' top priority. Democrats have a better outlook, with 43 percent viewing the economy positively.
Of course, for the 2014 election, this probably doesn't matter much.
We've noted before that  only in a handful of states is  there a big enough population of Latinos to sway the outcome, which is why immigration reform has been put on the back-burner.
And beyond 2014, Democrats are still in better shape than Republicans when it comes to the Hispanic vote, as the below chart shows. Keep this in mind as angling for 2016 begins, with President Obama's promised executive action up first.
Nia-Malika Henderson is a political reporter for The Fix.

The hidden economics behind strict parentingBy Roberto A. Ferdman October 28 Follow @robferdman
There's a reason why some countries emphasize hard work while others don't. (Seokyong Lee/Bloomberg News)
The rise of helicopter parents like Amy Chua, whose 2011 book "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" brought attention to an increasingly popular parenting style emphasizing hard work and strict child rearing, could be less of a cultural phenomenon than a mere economic reality.
Strict parents -- the sort who practice an authoritarian form of parenting that restricts children's choices -- are more common in countries with high inequality, according to a study by the National Bureau of Economic Research . The study used the World Value Survey to measure whether parents in different countries care more about qualities desired by stricter parents, like "hard work" and "obedience," or qualities desired more by passive parents, like  "imagination" and "independence.
It found that the more unequal a society, the more likely people were to favor strict parenting.
Countries like Sweden and Norway, for instance, which have relatively low levels of inequality, had a much larger percentage of respondents who valued imagination and independence when raising children. Notice in the chart below that the lower the Gini coefficient (which measures inequality), the higher the response rate tends to be for imagination.
On the other hand, countries like the United States and China, where inequality is much higher, were much more likely to care about hard work and obedience. Notice in the chart below that the higher the Gini coefficient, the higher the response rate tends to be for hard work.
But that trend doesn't merely exist across countries. It's actually observable historically in, for instance, the United States. Low inequality in the 1960s and 1970s, the study notes, coincided with relatively passive parenting styles, while rising inequality ever since has been met with an increasing emphasis on hard work. The time American parents spent educating and caring for their children has risen considerably since the 1980s, according to the American Time Use Survey.
Based on this data alone, it's hard to say anything definitive about the relationship. But one reason that parenting habits appear to be linked to inequality might be the relative presence of opportunity.
In countries like Sweden, where society is more economically level, nosedives to a point of homelessness or soars to the status of megarich are equally unlikely. Forcing one's children to work their butt off then might simply not be worth the hassle (which might be why only 11 percent of Sweden's population emphasizes hard work).
Conversely, in countries like the United States and China, where someone growing up can land anywhere on the spectrum of sleeping on the sidewalk to living in the biggest house on the block, hard work might be viewed as a key factor in determining where along that spectrum a child lands — and hovering over a child like a helicopter might be the best way to ensure a comfortable landing.
 
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Men flee as 2 000 police personnel searchhousesPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:41 am
At least 2,000 police personnel were deployed in Trilokpuri on Tuesday to search houses. Of the 700 houses searched, 70 per cent belonged to Hindus and 30 per cent to Muslims, Deputy Commissioner of Police (East) Ajay Kumar said.
Police said male members of most families were not found in the houses and only the women were present when the search was conducted. Most of them must have fled fearing arrest, police said.
Twelve more companies, in addition to those already deployed, were roped in to carry out the search in 10 blocks. Police said the search was carried out to seize firearms, hammers, swords, sharp objects, bricks and bottles used in the violence. “We also photographed the places where the material was stocked by the residents. It would be submitted as evidence,” a senior police officer said.
“Shops and markets were allowed to function normally for over three hours. We are reviewing the situation and the prohibitory orders may be relaxed for an extended period from tomorrow since the situation seems to be under control. Police personnel will, however, stay in the area,” the officer said.

Milk  veggies fly in 3-hour curfewbreakPeople buy vegetables from a government stall in Trilokpuri on Tuesday.
Written by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:40 am
Fifty metres separated six-year-old Nabina and her toy kitchen set. A plastic shield and a lathi was all that stood between them. She waited. Until 1 pm on Tuesday when the man wielding the shield and the lathi announced, “Curfew hat gaya hai. Aap sab ghoom sakte ho (Curfew has been relaxed. All of you can now move out).” Nabina ran.
For the first time in four days, curfew had been relaxed in Trilokpuri for three hours. Nabina and her family reside in Block 15. Like others in the area, they too had been deprived of food and essential commodities since violence erupted.
But for Nabina, it was a kitchen set she had left at her friend Asmeen’s house two days before Diwali that she wanted back.
“We have been surviving on biscuits and tea without milk for the past three days. Nabina and her elder brother have been crying for milk, but we had to live with what we had. She also kept telling us about the kitchen set she had left behind at her friend’s house in Block 15. The policemen wouldn’t let us venture out of our lanes. They guard each gali. How could I have sent her? Fortunately, the curfew has been relaxed now,” Shabnam, Nabina’s mother, said.
The Delhi government along with Mother Dairy, Safal and the Delhi State Civil Supplies Corporation Ltd made special arrangements to provide food and medicines.
As the announcement went around by police personnel in Gypsies, it only took a few minutes for residents to come out and throng the vegetable and milk vendors.
“Haanji, curfew hat gaya hai. Aap sabhi log jaldi se sabzi khareed le (Curfew has been lifted. All of you can now head out and buy vegetables),” a policeman was heard telling a group of women sitting on the stairs outside their houses in one of the galis in Block 16.
Since the riot, for an hour in the morning, only women and children have been allowed to purchase milk from mobile vans.
Around 5 pm, policemen were asking residents to return home. Little Nabina was back, clutching her kitchen set. “One of the pieces is missing,” she tells her mother, who scolds her for being out for so long.

US Coast Guard searches off Miami for two missing CubanmigrantsPrint
By: Reuters | Miami Beach | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:39 am
The US Coast Guard searched on Tuesday for two missing Cuban rafters after the 11 others on their homemade vessel were plucked safely on Monday from the waters off Miami.
The most recent man saved was discovered at dusk on Monday about 10 miles (16 km) offshore and transferred to US Customs and Border Protection, said Coast Guard spokeswoman Sabrina Laberdesque.
The rescued members of the all-male group say they spent more than a week on the water trying to cross the 90-mile-wide (145-km-wide) Florida Straits that separate Cuba from the United States.
It remains unclear how many of them will be allowed to remain in the United States and how many will be repatriated to Cuba. Under Washington’s “wet-foot, dry-foot policy,” Cuban migrants who make it onto US soil are allowed to remain under a special immigration exception, while those intercepted at sea are turned back.
Members of the group, clinging to debris, were first spotted Monday morning by a tugboat crew, setting off a rescue that drew in ships and helicopters to pull them from the water.
Three men were transported to local hospitals while five others who were rescued remain aboard a Coast Guard ship. The other three were processed and released into the United States by the US Border Patrol on Monday, officials said.
“The Coast Guard is still determining the next course of action to take with the five Cubans on the cutter,” said Coast Guard spokesman Petty Officer Jon-Paul Rios.
The group told US officials they left the town of Cojimar just east of Havana on Oct. 18 on a homemade raft made from Styrofoam and inner tubes, said US Border Patrol spokesman Frank Miller.
They collided with a coastal freighter on Saturday, damaging the raft, which began disintegrating, he added.
Cubans are leaving the island in increasing numbers by sea as migrants flee economic reforms to modernize the Communist-controlled island’s economy that they say are failing to improve living standards.
According to Coast Guard estimates, 3,722 Cubans tried to illegally reach the Florida coast by sea in the 12 months ending in September, 1,500 more than the previous year.

Fake votes tweet: Delhi BJP sends notice toKejriwalPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:37 am
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal’s tweets accusing the BJP of corrupt practices has prompted the Delhi BJP to sent a legal notice to Kejriwal, asking him to desist from making “defamatory” allegations.
The party unit has demanded Rs 5 crore as damages.
In the notice, sent through advocate Neeraj, the Delhi BJP said the “allegations and imputations” made against the BJP and its top leaders were a “figment of imagination”.
“You are hereby called upon to desist and restrain yourself from making false, defamatory, malicious and unsubstantiated allegations aforesaid or of any other nature imputed to BJP,” the notice said and also called for a public apology from Kejriwal to the Delhi BJP.
The legal notice also claimed that the allegations made by Kejriwal were not only defamatory, but also “corrupt practice within the meaning of the Representation of People Act”.
Kejriwal, in a recent tweet, had accused the BJP of asking its Delhi MLAs to buy “fake votes”, and had claimed that the AAP would approach the Election Commission with a complaint in this regard.
Speaking to Newsline, Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said the AAP was indulging in a “politics of tweets without any evidence”.
“Kejriwal is doing politics of tweets without having any evidence to support the tweets. We have sent a legal notice to him,” he said.

Trial in Meerut gangrape casebeginsPrint
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:35 am
The trial in the case relating to the alleged forcible conversion and gangrape of a college girl in a Meerut village in July, which triggered protests by Hindu organisations against “love jihad”, began in the court of the Meerut district judge on Tuesday.
Nine accused, including two women, were presented in court but in view of the one-day strike called by lawyers, the judge fixed November 3 as the next date of hearing.
Meanwhile, when reached for comments at her home, the mother of the victim broke down. She told The Indian Express, “Maa hoon. Meri badi ladki ke bhavishya par rona aata hain, lekin choti ke saath aisa nahi hone doongi.(I am a mother. The future of my elder daughter has been ruined but I will not let the same happen to my younger daughter).”
The family got the younger daughter married off on October 16 to a youth from the same caste in a nearby village, claimed a volunteer of an outfit, Hindu Ki Behan Beti Bachao Sangarsh Samiti. The parents, however, denied the claim, saying she was out visiting a relative.
On the court premises, Sanaullah, the main accused in the case, claimed that the victim was like his daughter. “She has spoken  the truth now and we are sure to get bail as all of us are innocent,” he said, referring to the girl’s statement to the Meerut Women’s Police Station on October 12, in which she said she was facing threat to her life from her parents.

Thousands in Hungary March Against Internet TaxThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Taco Bell s new ordering app
Black money case: Reveal all the names by tomorrow  says SCPrint
New Delhi, Oct. 28 (ANI): The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Union Government to release all the names of the people who have stashed their black money in accounts abroad. This order came after the latter had released the names of three account holders on Monday.
The government has till tomorrow to disclose the names to the apex court.
Earlier today, Aam Admi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal reportedly said that he would file an affidavit in the Supreme Court with the names of at least more such people who have illicit wealth stashed away abroad. He also accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of harbouring and protecting such people.
"If BJP discloses all black money holders' names, then who will give them money to fight elections in some states and buy MLAs in others?," he tweeted.
On Monday, the government in an affidavit to the Supreme Court had named three people who had accounts in Swiss banks with black money - Pradip Burman, former executive chairman of Dabur; Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, a Rajkot-based bullion trader and Radha S. Timblo, a Goa-based miner and owner of Timblo Pvt Ltd.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team, headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had parked USD 462 billion in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008. (ANI)
Recommend

Wall St jumps 1 pct  S&P ends above key levelThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Very sensible trade....in every correction keep adding a small qty.......Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Zenith...........i have been posying my views on this scrip since last...Platinum Member
145 Followers
Oh! really fantastic ! What a turnround in a overnight!! I was preparing with tranquilizers and stabilizers for a deep down trend as moving averages already breached yesterday ! But Jayho !! within minutes all shortsellers were trapped and price was galloping ! Anyway I should admit that I did not have strong heart ! But I appreciate; you were firm  in your conviction like a Rock of Gibraltar and spreading positive energy and vibration around you amidst gloomy and negative energy which spreads faster like a wildfire! What is more surprising and amazing is that still you are going with great guns for the milestone from 4500 to 10000 plus on visualisation of rapid growth of Force Motor ! sorry, it should be renamed as  Fast Motors !!I unhesitantly simply say "dasasthu" for your gospel of truth !!
I only desire that the strong undercurrent rally continues for another 3 days ( normally it happens so) and surpass previous high, so that many buyers at the top level will have some sigh of relief .
What is required is patience and faith !
Happy days are ahead, let us believe in our PM`s words!!

Stock closed at 200 day dma. levelCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Spencer retail ipo story is bring heard since last 5 years. i doubt th...Platinum Member
92 Followers
Spencer’s Retail Limited, part of the 14000-crore RP Sanjiv Goenka Group, is a multi-format retailer providing a wide range of quality products across categories such as food, personal care, fashion, home essentials, electrical and electronics to its key consumers. Specialty sections such as Spencer’s Gourmet, Patisserie, Wine and Liquor, and the recently launched Epicuisine section are some of the key differentiators in our hypermarket stores.   Spencer’s, being one of the earliest entrants into the retail space in India, introduced the Indian consumer to the concept of organized retailing. The first ever hypermarket in India was launched by Spencer’s in Hyderabad in 2000. Today, Spencer’s runs 135 stores, including 33 Hyper stores in over 40 cities in India.   Spencer’s brand positioning – Makes Fine Living Affordable – embodies its philosophy of delighting shoppers with the best products and services that enable a fine living at reasonable prices, while providing them with a warm, friendly and educational retail environment. - See more at:

When it comes to office write-off  size may matter0
There is, however, a very recent tax court opinion, that may be helpful. Lauren Miller lives in New York but was hired by a California company. She used her apartment for the company's New York office. She lived in a 700-square-foot studio apartment. According to the facts of the case, although she had a dedicated office space, she had to pass through that space to get to her bedroom.
The court was satisfied that the apartment was the principal place of business and that Miller was obligated to use the space as an office for the convenience and benefit of the company.
In this case, the court made the following decision: "although (Miller) admitted that she used portions of the office space for nonbusiness purposes, we find that her personal use of the space was de minimis (too trivial or minor) and wholly attributable to the practicalities of living in a studio apartment of such modest dimensions."
So if you live in a small, confined apartment, you may be able to claim the deduction. For more information, go the IRS website and find Publication 587, "Business Use of Your Home."
Q: We have a grandson who is always going to struggle to survive. Our home is paid for, as is other property we own. My wife and I are in our 60s and retired. Is there a way we can make sure he gets the house and some funds for property taxes?
We are worried about the Medicare/Medicaid "look-back" rule, which applies to some asset transfers (gifts). We had the house partially built 30-plus years ago, and I finished it up on the inside. Also, we just did some remodeling. The house is appraised at about $55,000.
I have seen information about trusts, but even some trusts are not a sure thing and there are dishonest folks doing those as well. We thought of life insurance for taxes and bills and things of that nature.
Would it work to sell it to him over three or four years and then forgive the debt? Would that keep Medicaid away in the event one of us did fall ill?
A: I commend you for your concerns. Your idea of selling the property to your grandson may serve your objective of avoiding the asset being counted for purposes of Medicaid, because there are special rules that disregard primary residence as a countable asset for Medicaid. I do not believe your situation requires what is known as a special needs trust. But this is an area outside of my realm, so I strongly suggest you contact an elder-law attorney.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

What your sleeping position says about your relationshipBigg Boss 8
Discover What Your Sleeping Style Reveals about Your Relationship
Do you like to rest your head on your partner’s shoulders or chest, and hug them while sleeping? Or, do they like to cling tightly to you as they doze off? Or perhaps, you both love your own personal space and don’t want any disturbance as you go off to sleep?
Just like your body language reflects your personality, and like dreams have unique interpretations, the way you sleep with your partner speaks volumes about your relationship. What does your sleeping position say about you? Let us demystify what some popular sleeping positions depict about your marriage. Read on to know.
Fri 9 May, 2014 11:30 AM IST
TOP STORIES TODAY
Prev Next
Back to Back Cherish - Sleeping back to back, but with intimate physical contact is one of the favourite positions for most couples because it gives them space while keeping them in touch with each other. It is also known as the Zen pose. This position is symbolic of a high level of security and comfort between the partners. There is usually a relaxed camaraderie, and a sense of equality between couples who sleep this way. This is a style that ... more 
Back to Back Cherish - Sleeping back to back, but with intimate physical contact is one of the favourite positions for most couples because it gives them space while keeping them in touch with each other. It is also known as the Zen pose. This position is symbolic of a high level of security and comfort between the partners. There is usually a relaxed camaraderie, and a sense of equality between couples who sleep this way. This is a style that couples develop over the years once they are fully comfortable with their independence and interdependence. less 

You won t Like this: 10 ways Facebook can get you arrested10 Ways Facebook Can Get You Arrested
Recommend
Link
1 month 20 days ago, All Time 10s
Criminals have been caught revealing their crimes in statuses, and plotting attacks on event pages.  Discover the people who have been caught red handed on social media ith 10 Ways Facebook Can Get You Arrested.
More on All Time 10s:
MOST POPULAR ON YAHOO
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Earnings-season fight song:  Beat ItSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Michael Jackson performs “Beat It” during his “30th Anniversary Celebration, The Solo Years” concert at New York’s Madison Square Garden, Friday, Sept. 7, 2001. (AP Photo/Beth A. Keiser, Pool)
Corporate America is taking a page out of the late-Michael Jackson’s songbook. This third-quarter earnings season, the Wall Street fight song mimics the pop star’s hit: “Beat It.”
More than seven out of 10 companies, or 73%, of the 245 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index that have reported earnings, have topped Wall Street forecasts. That “beat rate” is better than the 20-year average of 63%, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The strong start to the third-quarter earnings reporting season is a big reason why the stock market has been in rally mode. Last week, the S&P 500 posted its best weekly gain of the year, rising more than 4%. And today the benchmark large-company U.S. stock index is up 13 points, or 0.6%, to 1974.
Pacing the beat parade in the July-through-September quarter is the industrial sector, with 86% of companies beating expectations, and technology, with 83% topping forecasts.
Here’s how all 10 sectors of the S&P 500 are faring versus Wall Street earnings-per-share expectations. The chart below shows the percentage of companies in each sector that have topped forecasts so far:
With nearly half of companies having reported, more than seven out of 10 companies in S&P 500 have topped expectations. (Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S)
The growth rate for profits is also coming in better-than-expected. Currently, profit growth of 8.1% is expected vs. the same period a year ago, which is better than the 6.4% expected at the start of the month.
The chart below shows the earnings growth rate for each of the 10 S&P 500 sectors, vs. estimates back on Oct. 1:
Companies in the S&P 500-stock index are posting better-than-expected earnings  growth in the third-quarter of 2014. (Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S)

How Well Did the Fed s Stimulus WorkThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Board  not unit owners  responsible for common-element upkeep0
A: There is no basis under Illinois law for a board to require unit owners to maintain the common elements themselves. Section 18.4(a) of the Condominium Act expressly states the board shall administer the common elements, which includes maintenance, repair and replacement.
Therefore, there is no remedy the board may impose on a unit owner who refuses to clean the hallways or move garbage cans for trash collection. The board may hire a contractor to perform such work and include the costs in the annual budget. Then each unit owner would be responsible to pay their unit's pro rata share of such cost.
Q: Our condominium association is in the process of hiring a new property management company. In reviewing the management contract, we are concerned that some of the information the management company has requested invades the privacy of unit owners. For example, the board has been asked to provide bank information and unit occupancy information. We feel the new management company is too nosy.
A: Management companies are partners with condominium association boards to assist with the administration of the community association. If the board is distrustful of the management company before retention, the board might be best served to reconsider whether that management company is the appropriate partner.
It is absolutely customary for the managing agent to have in its possession books and records of account and unit-occupancy information. In fact, Section 19 of the Condominium Act requires the board to make available to a requesting unit owner the association's books and records for the current and 10 immediately preceding fiscal years, among other documents.
Unless the board intends to maintain records for unit-owner inspection, it is appropriate for the managing agent to hold association records.
Q. How much money can, and should, the association have in reserves?
A. Under Illinois law, there is no limit on the amount of money an association may hold in reserves for the benefit of the association. Pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Condominium Act, the board must maintain a reasonable amount of reserves for capital expenditures and deferred maintenance for repair and replacement of the common elements.
The board may consider various factors in determining the amount of necessary reserve funds, but the heaviest weighted factors are the estimated cost and remaining useful life of property for which the association is obligated to maintain, repair or replace. Other factors the board may consider are the return on investment, the financial impact on unit owners and the ability of the association to obtain financing.

Apple Alibaba likely to team up for payment service bizThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

How well did the US Federal Reserve s stimulus workYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
How well did the US Federal Reserve's stimulus work?
AP Oct 28, 2014, 11.55PM IST
Tags:
dollar
(Over the past five years,…)
NEW YORK: Soaring inflation. A collapsing dollar. Bubbles in financial markets that would soon pop. One presidential candidate even suggested that the Federal Reserve chairman should be roughed up.
Over the past five years, as the Fed has pumped ever-more money into the financial system, critics have warned that it would lead to all kinds of disasters. Yet the central bank kept extending its bond-buying program, known by the wonky name of quantitative easing, or QE. It was an unprecedented effort aimed at lowering borrowing costs, encouraging spending and reviving a dormant economy before it could slip back into recession.
Now, $4 trillion later, QE is drawing to a close, so the question is: Did it work?
Economists have plenty of quibbles, but many agree that the Fed accomplished the bulk of its goals.
"Look at us now," says Anthony Chan, chief economist for Chase Private Client in New York. All of the jobs lost during the financial crisis have been recovered. The stock market has more than doubled, and inflation has remained tame.
"I have to say it was a pretty impressive success," Chan says. "But other people define success differently."
At the tail end of 2008, the Fed cut its benchmark short-term lending rate to a record low to spur growth, then made an historic move. It began the first round of QE, buying $100 billion in bonds backed by mortgages every month. The Bush administration had already hatched a number of rescue programs aimed at patching up the banking system, and so the Fed's initial step met little resistance.
Liz Ann Sonders, the chief investment strategist at Charles Schwab, compared the Fed's action to a famous scene in the movie "Pulp Fiction" when Vincent, played by John Travolta, revives a woman near death.
"It was like Travolta slamming the needle into her heart," Sonders says. "It was clearly the right thing to do."
The Fed's second round of quantitative easing, dubbed QE2, received a hostile reception.
In late August 2010, the economy had slowed to a crawl, and the big worry was deflation _ a dangerous spiral of falling prices and wages. During a speech that month in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke outlined a turnaround plan.
The Fed began buying $600 billion in U.S. government bonds that November to loud protests.
QE3 followed the next year, and the heated rhetoric increased.
John Boehner, the speaker of the House, argued that the Fed risked creating "hard-to-control" inflation, a weak U.S. dollar and market bubbles. After entering the presidential campaign in 2011, Texas Gov. Rick Perry said that it would be "almost treasonous" if Bernanke "prints more money" ahead of the election. Perry told an Iowa crowd "we would treat him pretty ugly down in Texas."
Here's what has actually happened since Bernanke made the case for the Fed's expanded effort in August 2010:
The unemployment rate has fallen to 5.9 per cent, the lowest level since July 2008. Back in August 2010, it was 9.6 per cent.
The stock market has soared. The Standard & Poor's 500 index has returned 101 percent, powered by a stronger economy, higher spending and record corporate profits.
The dollar has held up against most major currencies. One widely used measure, the dollar index, is 3 percent higher.
Inflation has remained tame, despite all the warnings. Over the past year, overall prices have climbed a modest 1.7 percent, still below the 2 percent annual increase that the Fed targets.
  To be sure, the Fed's efforts merely contributed to all the good things listed above. But none of the predicted disasters came true. So how did the loudest critics get it so wrong?
A common warning was that the policies would erode the dollar's value and cause investors to look for a replacement, like gold or the Swiss franc.
Chan says a flaw in this thinking was that it failed to consider that other countries would struggle, too. When investors worried that Greece's debt troubles could tear apart Europe, for instance, they rushed to buy dollars and U.S. Treasury bonds, still considered the world's haven.
Long-term interest rates in the U.S. may be low, but sluggish growth across the industrialized world means government bond rates in Japan and Germany are even lower. As a result, foreign banks and investors keep buying U.S. bonds, stoking demand for dollars.
"How fast is your country growing, and what are its interest rates relative to the rest of the world? Those are the key things that determine a currency's strength," Chan says. "Guess what? We're now growing faster than Europe. Our success means our dollar should get stronger."
Critics also predicted that the Fed would create runaway inflation, a result of pumping so much money into circulation. It was a popular idea, based on the common-sense notion that a flood of dollars would make the greenback cheap.

Candidate Micah Edmond on federal worker issuesBy Joe Davidson October 28 Follow @JoeDavidsonWP
This is the last in a series of four Federal Diary columns covering races in two open congressional seats in Northern Virginia, home to many federal employees. Feds have a particular reason to vote in congressional elections because members of the House and Senate serve as the board of directors for the federal workplace.
Micah Edmond, Republican candidate for congress, campaigns at the Pro-Style’n Hair Salon, in Alexandria in September. (Photo by Bill O’Leary/The Washington Post)
This year, two strong supporters of federal workers, Rep. James P. Moran, a Democrat, and Rep. Frank R. Wolf, a Republican, are retiring from Virginia’s 8th and 10th congressional districts, respectively. We asked each major party candidate for those seats a series of questions. Some comments have been edited for clarity and length.
Last week, we presented the positions of the 10th District candidates, Democrat John Foust and Republican Barbara Comstock .  This week we cover the 8th District race. Democrat Don Beyer ’s positions on federal employee concerns were published earlier this week. In this installment we hear from Beyers’s opponent, Micah Edmond , a former Marine officer and congressional aide. As someone who is black, Jewish and Republican, Edmond is a self-contained diversity unit. He said his background provides “personal experience into the unique challenges minorities face in the recruitment, retention and promotion process of federal service.”
Q. What are your top priorities for the federal workforce if you are elected to Congress?
A. I’m a former federal employee who has worked as a senior aide to ranking members of the House Armed Services and House Veterans Affairs committees. I have also served as the senior defense adviser for President Obama’s Simpson-Bowles Commission and Congress’s Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction. I have the highest respect for all of our federal employees. I have spent years working on solutions that address their immediate and long-term concerns, including operating budgets, pay and health and pensions.
I will be a strong advocate for federal employees and ensure that we don’t balance the budget on their backs with policies like sequestration. I will work to pass a full-year budget for 2015. Federal workers need stability of income and benefits for the rest of the year. I will work to enact a 10-year, long-term budget plan focusing on avoiding sequestration and enacting bipartisan entitlement reforms for health and pension benefits.
To achieve budget savings, do you favor any changes to federal employee compensation?
I do think we need to enact changes to federal employee compensation. I do not favor modifying the health and pension benefits for those currently receiving benefits or close to receiving benefits in a few years.
I support revising the retirement packages for those immediately coming into the system and those with at least five to seven years before they are due to receive benefits. These changes ensure they have enough time to adjust. For new hires, I support reforms that increase employee contribution and change the calculation matrix of calculating pay out percentages. Regarding health reform options – for new hires, I support reforms that switch them to a defined contribution program that allows them to buy coverage on their own from competing insurers.
Do you believe the balance of workplace protections for civil servants is about right, or, as some have said, is it too difficult to hold federal employees accountable for poor performance or misconduct?
Under a new classification system, we need to reward the workers who have really done outstanding work to receive an increase in pay or promotion. We must also ensure that those who commit abuse are held accountable as Congress rightly did with the Department of Veterans Affairs. We must also ensure that we are protecting whistleblower rights.
Congress recently approved an expedited appeals process for Senior Executive Service (SES) members in the VA. Do you think it should be expanded to other SES members or federal employees generally?
I think this is one of the few areas where Congress made the right compromise to pass a bill that is a good first step in reforming some of the bureaucracy at the VA. I think we should only look at expanding this reform on an agency-to-agency basis.
Diversity is lacking in the senior levels of the federal Civil Service, with percentages of women, African Americans and Latinos below their percentages in the national population. If you are elected to Congress, what would you do to make the top levels of the Civil Service look more like America?
Diversity in senior leadership positions is an issue in all work sectors. With regard to African Americans and Latinos, lack of education and skills training is a significant factor in diversity. We need more minorities graduating from high school so they have the base education for a full-time government job, and support them with proper skills training so they can advance to senior positions. With regard to women, we have to ensure their work rights are being protected when they have children so they’re not being delayed for advancement if they’ve earned it on merit.
Does the government have the right mix of federal employees and contractor workers?
If elected, I will call for an immediate independent report that addresses this issue. I don’t think there should be a blanket policy that does not give the government the flexibility it needs in a highly competitive and mobile economy. If elected, I will push to make sure we have competitive rates from contracts.
Joe Davidson writes the Federal Diary, a column about the federal workplace that celebrated its 80th birthday in November 2012.

Why gasoline is suddenly $3 a gallon -- and could go lowerBy Steven Mufson October 28 Follow @StevenMufson
The national average for a gallon of regular gasoline has dropped to around $3. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Two years ago Leonardo Maugeri, a former strategist for the big Italian oil company ENI, predicted that crude oil prices were heading for a fall in two to three years. It wasn’t an obvious forecast; the average price of OPEC crude oil that year set an all-time record.
“Contrary to what most people believe, oil supply capacity is growing worldwide at such an unprecedented level that it might outpace consumption,” he wrote in an exhaustive field-by-field study in 2012. “This could lead to a glut of overproduction and a steep dip in oil prices.”
Today, with oil prices hovering around $80 a barrel, Maugeri is feeling good about his prediction. “The Oil Surprise; Why I Was Right,” he wrote in a recent newsletter in his current role as an associate with the geopolitics of energy project at the Harvard Kennedy School's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs. He said in a separate e-mail that prices could fall to $75 a barrel -- or even lower if the markets go into a panic.
The crux of Maugeri’s analysis was this: Oil companies were in the middle of “an investment super-cycle” in exploration and production and that by the second half of 2014 or early 2015, new sources of oil would swamp the market and drive prices down.
“In 2012 I was almost alone in forecasting such a gloomy (or rosy, depending on the point of view) scenario for oil,” Maugeri wrote in his newsletter.
Oil companies have indeed invested at a scorching pace, spending $2.5 trillion in the past four years to search for new supplies and bring them online. That level of spending set “an absolute historical record, even when taking into account the specific inflationary pressure which more than doubled upstream costs in the course of a decade,” Maugeri wrote.
Because big oil projects take years to develop, many of the projects launched in recent years have yet to add new supplies. And while old fields may be in decline, Maugeri – who studied world supplies on a field by field basis – says that the current 95 million barrel a day rate of production could easily rise to 100 million barrels a day.
That level is “already locked in,” he wrote in a separate e-mail to the Post. Including biofuels and natural gas liquids, global production capacity is already more than 100 million barrels a day.
Maugeri isn’t the only person to have forecast a decline in oil prices. It’s a common saying in the cyclical oil business that “the best cure for high oil prices is high oil prices.”  Edward Morse, head of global commodities research at Citigroup, has long argued that rising production, especially in the United States, would -- eventually -- send prices tumbling.
Robert McNally, president of the Rapidan Group, a consulting firm, said, “A price drop has many fathers!" He said he agrees that supplies will be “resilient,” but he added that he believes this price drop has also been driven by weak economic growth, the return of Libyan production and the reluctance of Saudi Arabia to play its traditional role of swing producer in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. A year ago, McNally and his firm anticipated that the kingdom would not cut its output to prop up prices and instead would let oil prices drop enough to make new U.S. shale oil production unattractive economically.
Maugeri isn’t as focused on the politics as he is on global production capacity. He said that many people have underestimated global supply because they expected improved recovery techniques would delay or moderate the natural rate of production decline in old fields. It was a mistake “to view decline rates of existing fields as deterministic and inflexible functions,” he wrote in his newsletter.
Another reason for underestimating supplies, he said, was that some people underestimated the potential for higher levels of shale oil output.
Maugeri also said that the recent drop in prices would not stimulate demand enough to offset higher production levels. He said he expected no more than a 1 million barrel-a-day rebound.
Maugeri’s observation suggests that the recent 20 percent plus drop in crude oil prices isn’t just a passing dip in prices. Even a cut in output by OPEC  might simply delay further price declines. For now, Saudi Arabia, the traditional swing oil producer, has decided to maintain its output level even if prices drop in an effort to hang onto market share and upset the investment plans of rival oil producers and renewable energy companies.
Maugeri expects “there will be growing strains within OPEC,” he said in his e-mail.
“For now, Saudi Arabia is the only country that has voluntarily avoided [producing] at full capacity,” he added. “If oil prices continue to slip down, the kingdom will ask the other members to share the burden, but the others will likely try to resist such pressure, and SA may react by not cutting anything more than it's doing.”
He added that “the problem could become even more acute” if there is new output from any of the OPEC members – such as Nigeria, Libya, Iraq or Iran -- that are producing less than capacity because of war, strife or sanctions.
Steven Mufson covers the White House. Since joining The Post, he has covered economics, China, foreign policy and energy.

What 45 Minutes With Michael Jackson Taught Mereddit
When I was 16 years old, I had a 45-minute conversation with Michael Jackson. As you might imagine, the experience was thrilling. But what I was unaware of at the time was how that brief conversation would shape the trajectory of my life.
It was the spring of 1974 when I heard that my favorite band, the Jackson 5, was coming to Chicago. I immediately mailed away for tickets. When they arrived, I couldn't believe my luck: I got front row seats! From that moment on, all I could think about was meeting Michael.
When the day finally arrived, my father drove my best friend, Linda, and me out to the suburbs and dropped us off at the concert venue. We found our seats, fortuitously located right next to Michael's mom, Katherine. She was warm and friendly and after I engaged her in a conversation about how much I loved her boys, she got the whole group to sign my program. After the show, program in hand, I told Linda that we HAD to meet Michael.
Our brilliant plan was simple: stay after the show and wait for him outside. Unfortunately, about 100 other people had the same brilliant plan, but we were determined. Over the next two hours, the group kept dwindling until it was just us two. We knew, we just knew in our hearts, that Michael was still inside the theater. Eventually, the manager of the venue came out and asked what we were doing; I responded matter-of-factly, "We're waiting to meet Michael." He told us they had left hours ago and I confidently replied, "It's your job to tell us he's not here. I know he is and we're not going anywhere."
Finally, fed up with the obstinate teenagers, he unlocked the theater and let us search the place. There was not a Jackson family member to be found. We were despondent.
When he asked us how we planned to get home, we realized that the train back into the city had long since stopped running for the night. In all of the excitement, we had completely lost sight of such practical matters. He was kind enough to give us a ride. On the drive home, we were oblivious to our driver; all Linda and I could talk about was our failed attempt to meet Michael and the punishment that awaited us both at home.
Right before dropping us off, the venue manager took pity on us and told us where the Jacksons were staying. I felt that surge of excitement and hope all over again, just as I did when the tickets first arrived. Even getting grounded for a week didn't dampen my mood or resolve.
Determined to meet Michael, the very next day, I defied my dad's orders and rushed to the hotel after school. I sat in the lobby waiting patiently for five hours. When it was obvious that the concert had already begun and Michael was nowhere in sight, I approached the man at the front desk only to be told, "I can't confirm or deny that the Jackson 5 are staying here." After much pestering, he finally pointed out that if a famous musical group was staying at the hotel, they probably wouldn't leave through the lobby.
Crushed by the sobering realization that I had missed him again, I sat down and wrote a heartfelt letter to Michael explaining how hard I had tried, how long I had waited to meet him and how much trouble I had gotten into through my attempts to connect with him. When I tried handing it to the man at the front desk, he refused to take it. Unfazed, I got into the elevator and stopped on every floor. When I reached the top, there was a hulking security guard who warned, "I think you're on the wrong floor." Bingo! I knew I was exactly where I needed to be. After much cajoling, I finally convinced him to take the letter. Then, I went home and got in huge trouble. Again.
It was all worth it because that same night, the telephone rang at 2 a.m. I was barely awake when I heard my dad answer and say, "Michael? Michael who?" I jumped out of bed and screamed at him not to hang up. He looked at me like I was a crazy person and said, "You tell this Michael Jackson, whoever he is, never to call here again at this hour!"
I grabbed the phone and spent 45 minutes talking to Michael Jackson. He was soft-spoken and kind -- it was like talking to a friend. We were about the same age and the majority of our conversation focused on his curiosity around the life of a normal teenager. He asked about school and my everyday experiences; we connected over our struggles with our strict fathers. It was an intimate talk between two kids.
As the conversation was winding down, I remember thinking, "No one will believe this. I have to get evidence." Then I thought, "No." Intuitively, I knew that asking for a personalized photo as proof would ruin the moment. The conversation was so authentic and pure. I didn't ask.
Talking to Michael Jackson was my first stretch goal -- something so big and so unlikely that most people wouldn't bother going after it. Unbeknownst to me at the time, that 45-minute call was one of the most important conversations of my life. It shaped me to be fearless and tenacious in pursuit of my goals.
Too often, we take "no" as a sign that we're not smart enough, powerful enough or capable enough. We create and tell ourselves stories that limit us. The trajectory of our future changes -- often dramatically -- when "no" no longer serves as an absolute, and we powerfully change our stories to support the action we need to move forward.
Follow Jody Michael on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jmacoaching
More:

iconic32 Launches in New York City With Common and Malik Yobareddit
With the star power of rapper/actor Common and actor/entrepreneur Malik Yoba, iconic32's launch party demonstrated how simple it is to be a force for social good while also enjoying the privileges of being among the world's leading consumer classes.
Held in New York City's SoHo--a neighborhood known for its great eateries, retail shopping and expansive loft spaces (with even loftier price tags)-- iconic32 used the event to punctuate the fundamentals of its brand identity as a "lifestyle company driving cultural movements for social good via pop culture."
On a relatively quiet block, the crowd inside Bucketfeet's downtown New York City, pop-up shop, spilled out onto the street, the sounds from inside trailing behind them.  Common's thought provoking lyrics punctuated the city night's soundscape as heads bobbed to his staccato flow.
Joining him onstage was actor and entrepreneur, Malik Yoba, the evening's host and partner in iconic32 ,who offered his personal philosophy on making the world a better place, impressing upon the audience the importance of "doing well and doing good."
iconic32 is the brainchild of Yoba, and cofounders, Sergio Morales, a successful business consultant, filmmaker and branding strategist and Steve Espaillat a longtime sports brand ambassador and youth educator.
With the  tagline, "curators of progress," iconic32 offers both a product development studio which conceptualizes and develops socially-driven consumer products, technology and content, as well as a brand strategy consultancy that focuses on partnering with  individuals, community organizations and companies/brands to develop integrated marketing platforms for consumer audiences and informing companies' current and future product pipelines.
Says Morales, "In terms of product development, our inventors, strategists, producers, writers, directors, musicians, coders and all types of crazy intelligent dream builders not only develop new product and revenue ideas, but we also design and bring the product to life in its final form--whether it's a pair of shoes, a technology platform or a pop song."
True to its mission, iconic32's launch was a convergence of art, culture and commerce, with an inspiring dose of social responsibility. Attendees were immersed in a creative, socially conscious, retail experience that included a performance by Common, walls lined with art, including the work of 14-year-old urban artist Skyler Grey, aka "The Fresh Prince of Street Art", (and an official iconic32  Youth Ambassador) and Bucketfeet's artist inspired footwear, presented boutique style around the colorful space.
With a portion of all proceeds to be donated to the Common Ground Foundation, whose aim is to, "use creative arts to expose youth to new opportunities," attendees shopped purposefully--understanding that their purchases represented their participation in creating a greater good in the world.
Interview Segment With Iconic32 partners Malik Yoba and Sergio Morales
What was the impetus for launching iconic32?
Malik: I think it's the way the world is going...people want to contribute and make a difference.
Sergio: After leaving the marketing agency world on the branding side, I felt there was a bigger opportunity to further engage consumer audiences and to discover what consumers were passionate about, not as consumers but as people.  It's much deeper than categorizing people as Latinos or soccer moms or millennials...people have passions.
As a mentor, I often notice how seemingly socially conscious the millennials are when compared some other generations.  What is your thinking?
Sergio: Within the current landscape I saw an opportunity that was not happening...to communicate with a younger consumer set.  Millennials are the future of consumerism, the future leaders of the world...the information we give them impacts the way they think and the way they behave.
They have been handed a different deck than the older generations...they have information at the tip of their fingertips....they are able to talk to someone in Russia or China.  This, I think, leads to more questioning and doubting of marketing messages.  They are the generation who is going to figure it out. THIS IS WHY THEY ARE GENERATION DIY.
Corporations have an incredible opportunity because of their vast resources to create cool campaigns and cool products and to also drive socially conscious good along the way.
At iconic32 we understand, we must first reach them through their language, which tends to be the language of pop culture; sports, fashion. arts, entertainment and music.  You can talk about deeper subjects like, technology, education, health care, and global warming, but you first have to break through on their ground--which is pop culture--to create a genuine relationship with them.
Malik: And to this end, our respect and confidence in the millennial generation is reflected in the strong presence of young people working behind the scenes at iconic32.  We are harnessing their passion and creativity in an "each one, teach one" manner--it's an intergenerational learning circle where everyone wins.
In my background as a funds development consultant, I understand that most corporations have a community giving side, yet I would dare say that most people don't necessarily know about these charitable arms, given that they appear to be separate entities.  Do you consider what you're doing at iconic32 to be a new model?
Malik: 20 years ago American Express' "Charge Against Hunger" campaign was a model.  Charges went up by 10% because people wanted to help with this issue. Yet the social good component was not necessarily part of their brand identity.
At iconic32 we take it to the next level by helping young social entrepreneur companies build the social good component into their infrastructure.
Sergio: We assist corporations to increase impact of dollars they are already giving and help them to do more and get a higher return on their current investments in creating social good.
Who are your partners so far?
Malik: Common's foundation (The Common Ground Foundation), San Francisco 49ers player Anquan Boldin's Q81Anquan Boldin Foundation, and of course the ecommerce platform on our website www.iconic32.com .
FYI Our instagram is @iconic32 Curators Of Progress and twitter @iconic_32
Close

7 Things Successful Entrepreneurs Do After DinnerThis post was originally published on quarterlette.com.
By: Alicia Lawrence
In the past five years, I've had the opportunity to work closely with dozens of entrepreneurs. Since my vocation (public relations/content marketing) is so versatile, I've been able to help small non-profits looking to change the world like I-TEC to communication agencies whose founders had two very different ways of running their business (and two very different outcomes).
Since my job requires me to work closely with the C-suite, I spent countless hours learning how each founder ran their own business and how they live out their professional and personal lives. Not all of those start-ups I worked with are here today. But one thing I noticed about the most prosperous ones is how each entrepreneur spent their free time. I discovered that the most successful entrepreneurs made it a habit to do the following seven things after work.
1. Network
Whether this is done through social media, wining and dining, a game of golf, or through other methods, networking keeps options open. Building relationships equals options for further investment, partnerships, marketing campaigns and expansion in any number of ways. Networking can manifest as PR support or a testimonial, or even actual investment dollars. There's no limit to the value that committed networked relationships can bring to the entrepreneur who is building her business.
2. Study or Read
An entrepreneur should always be learning. Whether that is accomplished by reading an industry-related book, learning a foreign language or how to use new software, an ongoing and active effort to learn new skills, perspectives, industry trade secrets or marketing approaches is always a beneficial pursuit for the entrepreneur - or anyone, for that matter.
3. Exercise
This is obviously an activity that can be done in the morning or evening - but because mornings are often already busy for many entrepreneurs, I've found many use their evenings to fit in exercise. Exercise keeps a healthy body in alignment with a healthy mind, which is important for a positive outward view as well as keeping energy for the busy schedule and active routine. Whether therapeutic, reflective or cathartic, exercise is conducive to physical and mental well-being, and is very important for self-maintenance.
4. Plan for the Next Day
This is often done in a relaxed setting, like in front of the TV or outside on the porch with a glass of wine. Planning the following day, like prioritizing tasks and creating a list of daily goals, are habits of many successful entrepreneurs and people, including President Obama who gave the advice, "Get a head start on tomorrow, tonight."
5. Socialize
No man is an island - even the hardest working entrepreneur. A social life is part of a well-rounded individual, and even though it is not required in order to run a business or even be somewhat successful, the most successful entrepreneurs understand their target market because they are out in the real world socializing with people and fostering relationships. You can't understand your audience if you never have any social contact with them. There's no rule that demands you have to socialize for hours every evening. But, a few times a week, go to dinner with friends, see a movie, engage in a team sport or just hang out. And no, tweeting and Facebook chats do not count.
6. Spend Time With Your Family
Even the wealthiest corporate heads or busiest company founders and CEOs can make time for their families. According to a Harvard Business School study, the most successful people even try to prioritize it. Because a good relationship with one's family can often affect public opinion and interest, family time is time well spent. Of course, it's important for reasons beyond those tied to business. Your family may be the only people you can be the "real" you around - not "the boss," not a CEO or authority figure - which gives you the chance to unwind. And it makes your family happy too.
7. Relax and Reflect
While every entrepreneur should absolutely be prepared to work themselves blind during startup years, and continue to work hard even when business is stabilized and growing - she should also be able to set aside some relaxation time. Not accommodating "me-time" can lead to exhaustion, mental fatigue, short temperedness and slowed cognition. To be at the top of your game, pencil in a massage, a good TV show or, like BufferSocial's CEO, go for a 20-minute, leisurely evening stroll. The point is to completely disengage yourself from work activities. This may be the perfect time for you to answer the Benjamin Franklin question, "What good have I done today?"
While the above activities and habits are not etched in stone to achieve success as an entrepreneur, they are the habits of female entrepreneurs like Karie Shearer, co-founder of WebpageFX, and Shawn Geitner, CEO and Founder of Beleave Teas. Since these ladies left us some pretty good blueprints for the evening routine of an entrepreneur, it's not a bad idea to follow suit.
Follow Quarterlette on Twitter: www.twitter.com/quarterlette
More:

Why the C-Suite Needs a Chief Sustainability Officerreddit
Does your corporation intend to be in business in another 100 years? Adding a Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) to your C-Suite may make the difference. But do enough CEOs understand the sustainability role and why it matters? It's not clear.
A new report from The Weinreb Group, CSO Backstory II: The Evolution of the Chief Sustainability Officer , should serve as a wake-up call on that front. Though there has been progress, with 36 CSOs today, up from 29 in 2011, the importance of the role - which, to be clear , can either be in the C-Suite or report to it, depending on the corporation - begs for a faster pace of corporate adoption. As the author of the report, Ellen Weinreb, puts it: "Sustainability executives understand how to translate external factors into internal business opportunities, and everyone in the C-Suite should be on to this."
The report discusses the changes the role has undergone in just those three years, including shifts in collective benefit, innovation, stakeholder signaling, access and what is termed, "team sport." (See the report's executive summary for more detail). Within those areas, I see a few universal themes emerge in what and how CSOs now serve in their critical capacity.
Integrating External Factors
The fast pace of technology, growing complexity of corporate missions and the increasingly global connections and communication needs all point to a much different business landscape. Corporations need at least one leader with a wide as well as deep professional background, who is practiced (and comfortable) looking outside and inside the company for insights and information that will guide crucial long-term decisions. The CSO is charged with just this.
With so much changing so quickly, CSOs have to consider the role of the company within overall society and to work "at the intersection of business value and employee, customer, and community value," as the Weinreb Report points out. To do this, the people serving in these roles need to have developed a holistic view to give the company fresh perspective on long-term opportunities for collaboration and innovation. And, perhaps in ways no other one executive could. For instance, because of their broader awareness, they might see innovation opportunities in natural resource constraints and collaboration potential where others see competitors. Or, they might identify new ways to engage with communities that significantly improve talent recruitment efforts.
For CSOs, external factors aren't to be avoided, but to be acknowledged and integrated as a matter of course.
From Tactics to Embedded Strategy
True corporate sustainability integration goes much beyond a tactical or risk management approach. Yet, with only 36 corporations taking the topic seriously enough to have named someone to the role, many corporations are still missing the strategic opportunities of embedding it cross-channel and cross stakeholder group. This aligns with findings of the May 2014 GlobeScan/SustainAbility "Sustainability Leaders Report" on the perception of corporate sustainability leadership, where "leaders" in that case were the corporate entity. As Eric Whan, Director of Sustainability at GlobeScan, noted in the related press release :
"Comparing the current crop of recognized leaders with those from a decade ago, we see that we have moved from an era of 'do no harm' leadership where risk management was the dominant framework to one where early stages of transformation are emerging."
 
And, the brands and individual leaders doing the boldest work now are indeed "transformatively" embedding sustainability. An increasing sophistication in communications skills has likely sped that process. "Stakeholder signaling" and "access," are two examples of that, as called out in the Weinreb Group report: "CSOs are actively engaged in signaling the company's commitment to sustainability across multiple channels," and to multiple stakeholders. As well, elevating the sustainability responsibilities to the C-Suite means the person in the role has the broadest of access possible, with an ability to move "seamlessly from collaborating with employees across the business to influencing the company's core vision and strategy."
Being able to identify value, and bridge meaning and process to all who are involved is how sustainability gets embedded, and how change moves past tactics and into company DNA.
Wisdom Of Experience
Related to this ability to integrate the external, fully embed and communicate sustainability, what can we learn from the fact that the CSO role tends to be the last job before retirement? Like others in the C-Suite, this is a job for a seasoned professional. But unique to the sustainability officer, perhaps, is the need to have both the deep institutional and industry knowledge as well as the motivation (and energy) to build value in whole new directions. As the Weinreb report notes, the CSO is a "strategic lynchpin," charged with driving "broader, more inclusive benefit creation."
While others in the C-Suite may benefit most from their deep experience in operations, financial or marketing functions, for example, Chief Sustainability Officers have to stretch thinking and mold change around issues that often emerge from the less-studied intersections of internal business and external world. There may be no predictable path for arriving at their position, but CSOs have trained themselves over the course of their careers to see opportunity in unusual places and take risks along the way. It may be that the sort of wisdom necessary to do this job only comes from years of experience honing emotional intelligence and communications skills that go beyond any other business expertise development. It may also be the ultimate career pursuit, i.e. once you've changed the course of a business or industry toward sustainable development, what could possibly follow?
Prioritize the CSO or Risk Irrelevance
All that being said, many a corporation has been doing just fine without a Chief Sustainability Officer thus far, so why bother with it now? The cliché bears repeating: Business has changed. Anyone claiming CSOs are just for "progressive" companies has not noticed the surprising mix of traditional industries and corporations that already have one, which (as per the Weinreb Group report) include UPS, Praxair, Verizon, Owens Corning, The Carlyle Group and MGM. What do they know that others don't yet?
Praxair's CSO, Riva Krut, shed some light on that in the course of an email interview:
"At Praxair we have shown that sustainable development can develop programs that deliver bottom line productivity savings and top-line growth. Our new initiatives are to connect our brand, [with the tagline of] Making our planet more productive, with total employee engagement, so that the whole organizational culture drives sustainable development. This is what will not just make us competitive, but will keep us so."
 
After conducting all the research behind both Part I and Part II of her CSO report, Ellen Weinreb stresses: "the big questions for corporations today should be 'what do we want to be, and where do we want to be, so that we exist in another hundred years?'" That seems like expertise to heed.
Chief Sustainability Officers are the ones who will be thinking about mitigating against extreme weather, developing emergency action plans and tackling other complex issues in the in-between spaces of twenty-first century business. What corporation would risk proceeding without that sort of guidance, given the natural and financial disasters of just the past few years? If translating external factors into internal business opportunities sounds important to you, it's time to put a Chief Sustainability Officer in your C-Suite.
Image courtesy of The Weinreb Group .
Follow Andrea Learned on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AndreaLearned
More:

Bring Your PR Strategy Back From the Dead This Halloweenreddit
Will you be trick or treating this Halloween?
There are a number of ideas you can borrow from Halloween that can help to bring your PR strategy back from the dead. After you've eaten all the candy and put away your costume why not consider implementing these tactics into your PR strategy?
Don't be a zombie: Mindless zombies wander around at Halloween without a clear goal where they are going. Don't let your PR activities turn into a zombie by not having a clear goal for how you will communicate with your customers. You need a PR strategy for your business to help target your communication to the right audience and the right publications at the right time.
Also zombies aren't the most engaging creatures. Avoid becoming a PR zombie by engaging and building relationships with the media. Journalists are more likely to read your emails and call for interviews if they know who you are and that they can rely on you for an interview. You can start to build a relationship with a journalist by understanding what they are interested in, knowing the topics they write about, being mindful of their deadlines, getting their name right and delivering on your promises.
Trick or treat: Sometimes in business you can be surprised by a 'trick' or a crisis that occurs. This could be a negative comment on social media which, if escalated, could potentially be reported in the media. If a trick does occur you need to know how to resolve the issue before it escalates into a crisis. For the above example, you would need to respond to the negative comment in a polite manner on the social media platform it appeared. Show your customers the process you will take to resolve the issue and ensure it doesn't happen again.
If your PR strategy is effective you may receive a 'treat' by gaining great media coverage for your business. When your business is featured in the media it can help to build your brand, reach your target audience with your message and boost your reputation.
Halloween parties: An effective PR tactic is holding events such as a launch party to announce a new product, a press conference or an opening ceremony for a new building. Events are a great way to gain direct access to your target audience, secure media coverage for your business and build your brand.
Use evergreen stories: Halloween comes but once a year! Each year there are many calendar events which the media will publish stories about such as Halloween or Christmas. From a media perspective, stories around these events remain interesting and newsworthy every year.
You can use these evergreen stories to your advantage to gain publicity for your business by coming up with a fresh new angle. For example, a business media angle around New Year's Eve could be 'New Year business resolutions'.
Don't let your PR strategy turn into the walking dead. With the end of the year fast approaching, now is a great time to re-evaluate your PR strategy and ensure it's working effectively for your business.
About the author
Catriona Pollard is the author of From Unknown To Expert , a step by step framework designed to help entrepreneurs develop effective PR and social media strategies to become recognised as influencers in their field.
Catriona is also the director of CP Communications, which merges traditional PR tactics with cutting-edge social media strategies that engage consumers as well as business.
Catriona Pollard Communications Pty Ltd
Suite 404, 10-12 Clarke Street, Crows Nest NSW Australia 2065
P: (02) 9460 9200

Lupin revenue lags estimates  net profit up 55%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Marvel greenlights Black Panther and Captain MarvelBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 28 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
After making a mint from a sentient tree and a trash-talking raccoon, Marvel has decided to greenlight “Black Panther” and “Captain Marvel” movies. But simply telling overdue stories about women and people of color does not guarantee a creative revolution. (Marvel)
Marvel rolled out its newest slate of movies today , and my Twitter feed has been exploding all afternoon with excitement over two of the titles in the mix: “Captain Marvel” and “Black Panther,” which will finally bring superpowered women and people of color to a big screen environment long dominated by white men in ridiculous uniforms. (Marvel’s television slate, which includes four series in development for Netflix, has been more representative.)
As an advocate for diversity in media, it is nice to know that the people who found a way to make an animated dancing transplanted seedling look completely adorable  have finally bestirred themselves to put a black man and a woman in costumes and endowed them with the power to punch things very, very hard. But as someone who loves action movies, I find myself reserving a considerable amount of enthusiasm until I have a chance to see the final results.
Marvel stars Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans introduced actor Chadwick Boseman at a fan event in Hollywood on Tuesday, as the title star in Marvel’s "Black Panther." (AP)
The formative movie-watching experiences of my teenage years and young adulthood involved standing on a line that wrapped around the block in my small town to see “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” an action movie where the fights all where a matter of expressing the characters’ tenderest, rawest feelings about love and parenthood. A cornball classic like Michael Bay’s 1996 movie “The Rock” may be profoundly silly. But as Dr. Stanley Goodspeed, Nicolas Cage’s cool scientist, and John Mason, Sean Connery’s elegant prisoner, went to war with Brigadier General Frank Hummel (Ed Harris), the resulting mayhem was all about the three men’s personal styles and the clash between science and raw force.
What these films taught me is that violence is personal. When combat is hand-to-hand, the way each person fights reveals the core of their character. And when the scale of mayhem is grand, that says something about their relative callousness, sensitivity and priorities in the response. Sure, these movies proved that their heroes were competent and important. But they had other things to say as well.
Marvel’s present crop of superhero movies has occasionally managed to use violence to help understand the men and women who deploy it, and who they think is worthy of protection or an anonymous death. Anthony and Joe Russo’s “Captain America: The Winter Soldier” is the best example of this approach, with its genuinely painful-looking one-on-one fights and its muddled but sincere effort to turn its conclusion into a meditation on the moral limits of the use of force by the state.
But there is a disturbing sameness to the finales of many of its films, whether they focus on one superhero at a time or a whole assemblage of them, and whether the setting is a major American metropolis or a fictional, far-flung planet. Some of this is due to the same second unit directors working on multiple superhero movies and doing what they know time and time again. And some of it is due to a timidity, a sense that if superheroes (or even ordinary old Starfleet crews) are not rescuing an entire city from imminent destruction by alien invaders, crashing starships or even just brawling supervillains, they must not be so super.
Ushering T’Challa (who will be played by Chadwick Boseman ) and Carol Danvers into this pantheon raises, in its own small way, an important question about the purpose of diversity.
Is the point of getting women and people of color (not to mention LGBT people and people with disabilities) into positions traditionally occupied by white men to prove that women and people of color can succeed in those positions on precisely the same terms? Or is it to change those roles and those institutions, to demonstrate that the way things have always done is not the only way they can be done?
If “Black Panther” and “Captain Marvel” tell the same stories, with the same stakes expressed in the same way by the same second unit directors, that will be fine. Part of the point of fantasy is to throw off the preconceptions that shackle us, to imagine what the world would be like if women were not considered weaker and less effective than men, or where the use of force by black men was presumed to be legitimate rather than criminal.
But, oh, would I love to see Marvel (and DC) make movies that not only accept a wide range of superheroes, but also show some imagination about what it means to be super, and some more visual panache and variation in expressing it.
We have had a period “Captain America” movie, so why not a period movie about Black Panther rejecting Western help to protect his kingdom of Wakanda from the Nazis, a subject handled nicely in animated form? (The answer, of course, is that Marvel is really running a giant television series, rather than a movie franchise, and wants audiences to feel that they have to see every installment or they will miss out on crucial elements of the story.)
And if Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) can learn that it is more virtuous to be self-sacrificing than to show off, it would be fascinating to watch Carol Danvers use her abilities to control heat and gravity to ends other than simply making things explode. What if superheroes could build things instead of just destroy them?
By now, we are all thoroughly convinced that a man can fly . It is time for Marvel and all of its superheroes, men and women, black and white alike, to amaze us again.
[Note: The initial version of this post misattributed "The Rock" to Michael Mann. Clearly, my brain was trying to separate "The Rock" from the "Transformers" franchise. I regret the cognitive slip.]
In "Guardians of the Galaxy," Chris Pratt stars as Peter Quill, the hero who leads a team of rivals to prevent the destruction of a peaceful planet. According to Washington Post film critic Michael O'Sullivan, Marvel's latest comic book adaptation might also be its funniest. (Jayne W. Orenstein, Julio Negron and Kate M. Tobey/The Washington Post)
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Afternoon links: Criminal justice in the midterm electionsCriminal justice reform isn’t entirely absent from next week’s elections. Here are a few DA races to watch.
Training materials for campus sexual assault tribunals don’t exactly stress due process or the assumption of innocence.
Lawsuit : Georgia cop who pulled teen over, put a gun to his head for a seatbelt violation only received a five-day suspension.
FBI agents claimed to represent the Seattle Times newspaper to bait a suspect into installing malware.
Good stuff : Oregon prosecutor assigns veteran to head up conviction integrity unit to look for wrongful convictions.
Brutal crimes don’t justify bad laws.
Cato study finds that when it comes to traffic accidents, crime and overall drug use, thus far pot legalization in marijuana hasn’t had a noticeable effect either way.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

God is not a magician  with a magic wand  says popeBy Alexandra Petri October 28 Follow @petridishes
Wandless magic! (Riccardo Antimiani/European Pressphoto Agency)
Like many CBS viewers over a certain age, Pope Francis is a fan of the Big Bang Theory.
Addressing the Pontifical Academy of Sciences on Monday, the pontiff observed that “when we read about Creation in Genesis, we run the risk of imagining God was a magician, with a magic wand able to do everything. But that is not so.”
God is not a magician, with a magic wand? Well, as The Tweet of God quipped, “there goes My Halloween costume.”
Maybe I know what caused this. One anonymous Internet person “proudhousewife” has been sedulously rewriting the Harry Potter books to have a Christian message and not seduce children into dark magic. (Harry now attends the Hogwarts School of Prayer and Miracles. In one passage, Hermione tells Harry: “There is a man named Voldemort who wants to destroy all that we stand for. He is pushing an agenda in congress which will stop us from practicing our faith freely.”
“But that is what our founding fathers built this nation for!” Harry cried indignantly. “The freedom of religion!”
“Voldemort doesn’t care,” Hermione remarked sadly; and she shook her head. “And he is gaining power. The freedom of Christians to practice our faith is disappearing by the day. Soon, it will be like it was in Rome.” Lovely, ladylike tears began to roll down her delicate, terrified face. “And I don’t like lions!”) Just in case this person was not joking, did the pope feel compelled to intervene, clearing up any God-Wizard confusion once and for all?
Next the pope will roll out a big PowerPoint explaining that God and Dumbledore were two very different people and that if you got a note inviting you to the Hogwarts School of Prayer and Miracles, you should politely pass.
Anyway, so much for those holdouts who thought that God was a magician with a magic wand. (Who were these people? Isn’t magic frowned on by the Church? And why were these people demoting God to wand magic, when everyone knows that an omnipotent creator would CLEARLY have gone wandless by now?)
This isn’t actually massive news — the Catholic Church has moved pretty far since the days of Galileo, even going so far as to admit in 1992 that Galileo may have had a point about that whole revolution thing. (Hey, better 350 years late than 350 years never.)
The point that the pope is making is well taken: Science and religion not only can coexist, but should.
It is interesting to hear this coming from the pontiff in days when people often make the mistake of thinking of science — especially evolution — as something to be believed in or not. Science, properly observed, is independent of belief. Whether you believe in the Big Bang Theory is immaterial. If you stop believing in “The Big Bang Theory,” it might go off the air. If you stop believing in the Big Bang Theory, the same facts that cohered around it will continue to do so, independent of you. A scientific theory is liable to testing in a way that a religious belief simply isn’t. You can’t run an experiment to test the validity of the Book of Job. But the whole point of the scientific method is that you make a hypothesis, you see if the facts support your hypothesis, and if they don’t, you change the hypothesis. Hypotheses that are consistently supported by the evidence become theories. If the facts stop proving that a theory is true, the theory no longer stands.
This is all entirely removed from belief. Evolution doesn’t need you to believe in it. It is doing just fine on its own. As Keith Blanchard wrote in the Week , “Evolution is nothing more than a fairly simple way of understanding what is unquestionably happening. You don’t believe in it — you either understand it or you don’t. But pretending evolution is a matter of faith can be a clever way to hijack the conversation, and pit it in a false duality against religion … Reconciling is easy: Believe, if you want to, that God set up the rules of evolution among His wonders, along with the laws of physics, and probability, and everything else we can see and measure for ourselves. But don’t deny evolution itself, or gravity, or the roundness of Earth. That’s just covering your eyes and ears.”
That’s what the pope said, too . “Evolution in nature is not inconsistent with the notion of creation, because evolution requires the creation of beings that evolve.” He observed that God “created human beings and let them develop according to the internal laws that he gave to each one so they would reach their fulfillment.” These beliefs operate on different levels — factual and metaphorical.
Galileo had the right idea , if he said what we believed he said, getting up from his recantation before the tribunal of the Inquisition. “E pur si muove” — “and yet it moves.” He knew it didn’t matter whether he officially proclaimed his belief in heliocentrism. You can believe or disclaim what you like; the facts are the facts.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

October scare fades: S&P in black for monthOctober scare fades, S&P 500, Nasdaq in black for month
By: Adam Shell October 28, 2014 2:48 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A spooky start to October on Wall Street has turned less frightful. Members of the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders and guests prepare to perform in costumes at half time of an NFL game against the Washington Redskins Oct. 27 in Arlington, Texas. (Tim Sharp, AP)
Earlier this month, October lived up to its reputation as a “jinx month.” Stocks plunged, only to zoom back up in a rollercoaster-like ride. Well, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have erased all their October losses.
The S&P 500 tumbled 5.6% from its closing September level of 1972.29 to its closing low for the month of 1862.49 on Oct. 15. But in today’s trading action, which was bolstered by a seven-year high in consumer confidence and more strong earnings reports from Corporate America, the S&P 500 was back in the black for the month with about an hour left in the trading session. The index was up 15 points, or 0.8%, to 1976.65.
Similarly, the tech-packed Nasdaq composite shrugged off weaker user growth and tepid earnings guidance last night from social media stock Twitter to rally and erase all of its October losses as well. It erased the 6.2% hole it dug for itself at its low on Oct. 13, and rallied 60 points Tuesday, or 1.3%, to 4545.88 — eclipsing the 4493.39 level at the end of September.
The Dow Jones industrial average, despite today’s 114-point gain to 16,932, is still below the 17,042.90 level at the end of September.

On the stump Heres a cheat sheet.It's hard out there for a campaign surrogate: long hours, glaring lights, salivating reporters. We get it, so we've put together a quick cheat sheet to help out during the last few days on the trail.
1) Know your candidate's name: 
Michelle Obama on Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley: "I am beyond thrilled to be here today to support your next senator from Iowa, our friend Bruce Bailey. .... You need to elect Bruce Bailey."
2) Really make sure you know your candidate's name:
Bill Clinton on Braley: "You know what you ought to do to honor the Harkin legacy, and that is to elect Bruce Bailey, a new governor, and all these congressional candidates. Thank you and God bless you all."
3) Triple check your candidate's name:
Paul in Wichita. Says crowd must "do your duty" and vote for Roberts and Brownback pic.twitter.com/0wLef8R5Zz
— Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) October 28, 2014
Paul briefly seemed to forget Huelskamp's name. Mutters, "well, that was bad"
— Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) October 28, 2014
4) Know your candidate's home state:
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, on Sen. Jeanne Shaheen: "The only woman in the history of the United States who has been both a governor and a senator. Independent, out there working for the people of Vermont.
 
5) Know what state you're in:
Elizabeth Warren stumping in New Hampshire: “The people of Massachusetts are not taking Scott Brown, they're taking Jeanne Shaheen! ... Sorry about that! Sorry about that!”
U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen lives in New Hampshire. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
5) And — only if you're not too rushed — read through your candidate's bio:
Michelle Obama on Democratic Sen. Mark Udall's family background: "As a fifth-generation Coloradoan, Mark understands what makes this state special. He understands the values of independence and fairness, all the things here folks believe in."

Former CBS News reporter Sharyl Attkisson alleges network suppressed stories on corporate partnersSharyl Attkisson (John P. Filo/CBS News)
CBS News declined to comment on the allegations below.
In an astonishing media tour following her resignation from CBS News last spring, correspondent Sharyl Attkisson sat before interviewers ranging from radio host Chris Stigall to CNN media correspondent Brian Stelter and launched attacks on her newly former employer. Such attacks were rarely specific. Example: “With various stories, you do get the idea at some point that they want you to stop, especially if you start to dig down right into something very, very important, and it’s not just with political stories – it’s with stories that go after other interests, corporations, different things,” Attkisson told Stigall.
Perhaps Attkisson should have told her interviewers, “Sorry, you’ll have to wait for my book.” “ Stonewalled ,” due to be released Nov. 4, indeed supplies some specifics to join the ambiguities that Attkisson offered up earlier this year. For instance, Attkisson latched onto a story about how $300 million in stimulus funds had gone to a Korean partnership — Dow Kokam — and a Korean-owned outfit — LG Chem. “The firms used their American stimulus fund to buy Korean technology, equipment, and supplies, and they filled some of those sought-after American stimulus jobs with Korean workers,” writes Attkisson in “Stonewalled.”
“CBS This Morning” declined to air the story.
“CBS Evening News” declined to air the story. The rationale for the decision of the marquee CBS News platform isn’t perfectly clear from Attkisson’s retelling, but she provides some indirect feedback from the show’s then-executive producer, Pat Shevlin. A colleague tells Attkisson that “Shevlin really didn’t have many suggested changes; she just hated the whole thing. She doesn’t like the whole idea of the story. Shevlin feels that even if Koreans were given jobs, some Americans got jobs, too, so she doesn’t think there’s a story.”
CBS “Weekend News” at first expresses interest in the story. Then it takes a pass.
CBSNews.com publishes it . Or, as Attkisson writes in dissing the network’s Web platform, “We take the default position and publish the story on CBSNews.com.” As this blog wrote previously, Attkisson over the years morphed into CBS News’s Chief Web Reporter .
CBS News didn’t have an opportunity to decline to comment on this specific incident, but it did decline to comment on the next two.
Perhaps the most spectacular allegation against Attkisson’s former employer relates to influence by corporate interests on the news product. The way Attkisson tells it, a script that she’d written had secured approval from key executives across CBS News. The story concerns “a documented danger involving an automaker’s cars.” As the story is making its way toward airing, Attkisson gets pulled into a session with the network’s Washington bureau chief, who asks, “Why are we doing this story?”
Attkisson provides a quite compelling reason: “A lot of cars are catching fire and being recalled…”
The bureau chief allegedly responds, “But [the car company] says there’s not a problem. So why are we doing this story ???!?!”
Despite the hassles, Attkisson and her colleagues plow ahead with such stories. Until she catches wind that the bureau chief has requested to see her notes on a story about “an American Red Cross disaster response.” After Attkisson complains that it’s inappropriate to ask to see the notes, the bureau chief says, “I know. I don’t know what else to do.” Discouragement of Attkisson’s reporting, confesses the bureau chief, comes from powerful forces within CBS News. “We must do nothing to upset our corporate partners,” says the bureau chief, per “Stonewalled.”
CBS News declined to comment on these allegations. Attkisson doesn’t identify the Washington bureau chief by name. However, she does indicate that it was a woman. Janet Leissner, who worked in the job from 1998 to 2007, writes to the Erik Wemple Blog, “I never said that or anything like that. That’s my side of the story, and the truth.”
And now for another allegation upon which CBS News declines to comment: A “number of well-regarded veteran correspondents” had complained to upper management about “CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley.” “And more than one found themselves so disgusted with the state of the Evening News under Pelley and his executive producer [Pat] Shevlin that they sought to negotiate contracts under which they wouldn’t have to appear on the broadcast.”
CBS News declined to comment.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Showers and a cool down on Wednesday; Bermuda before and after Hurricane GonzaloBy Angela Fritz October 28 Follow @angelafritz
Clouds: Latest mid-Atlantic infrared satellite shows movement of clouds over past two hours. Refresh page to update. See more maps on our Weather Wall .
A fleeting day of summer weather is behind us, with Tuesday afternoon highs maxing out in the upper 70s at Reagan National, and at least 81 degrees at Dulles. Now it’s time for the cool down.
Through Tonight: Skies are partly to mostly cloudy this evening — maybe not as great for rocket launch-viewing as Monday, but you should still be able to see the Antares rocket through the breaks in the clouds. Lows are in the upper 50s in the city, and the low to mid-50s in the cooler suburbs. Winds from the south at 5 to 10 mph.
Tomorrow (Wednesday): Clouds build through Wednesday morning, and highs in the mid-60s occur in the early afternoon ahead of the cold front. Rain will begin to move into the western suburbs in the morning, spreading east into the immediate D.C. metro around midday. Rainfall totals should be relatively low — no more than a tenth to a quarter of an inch. Winds shift to northwest in the morning around 5 mph. In the evening, temperatures drop behind the front, dipping into the low 50s by 8 p.m., with overnight lows falling to the 40s.
See Matt Rogers’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
A crescent moon over D.C. at sunset on Monday night. (Richard Barnhill via Flickr )
Hurricane Gonzalo stirs up sediment around Bermuda
On October 17, Hurricane Gonzalo made landfall in Bermuda as a category 3. Examining visible satellite imagery, the hurricane left its mark on the island. NASA writes :
The Operational Land Imager on the Landsat 8 satellite acquired these two natural-color views of Bermuda. The top image was acquired on October 2, 2014, and the second was acquired on October 18, a day after Gonzalo passed through. Turn on the image comparison tool to see the movement of sediment, as well as some changes on the island itself.
After the storm, visible plumes of sediment stretch 25 to 30 kilometers from Bermuda. They extend mostly to the south and east of the island, suggesting that the last winds from the storm may have been out of the northwest. The suspended sediments were likely a combination of beach sand and carbonate sediments from around the shallows and reefs.
Satellite imagery shows Bermuda sediment stirred up after Hurricane Gonzalo passed over on October 17. (NASA)
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

Taco Bell launches mobile appTaco Bell goes dark on social media before debuting mobile app
Taco Bell
Larry Downing
A Taco Bell logo is seen outside one of its restaurant in Vienna, Va.
A Taco Bell logo is seen outside one of its restaurant in Vienna, Va. (Larry Downing)
Reuters
Media Industry
You can now order Taco Bell with an app.
Taco Bell on Tuesday debuted its mobile app that allows customers to place an order, customize their food, access special offers and pay from their phones.
The move from the chain owned by Yum Brands Inc. comes as restaurants, including McDonald's Corp and, seek to use mobile technology to ring up more sales and speed up service.
"We believe mobile ordering and payment is the biggest innovation since the drive-thru," Taco Bell President Brian Niccol said in a statement.

Court direction to cops in AAP agitationcasePrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:46 am
A city court on Tuesday directed Delhi Police to supply all the documents filed along with the chargesheet to former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal and five others who are accused in a case of agitation by AAP near North Block. Metropolitan Magistrate Akash Jain asked the investigating officer to give the complete set of documents annexed with the chargesheet to the six accused and fixed the matter for further hearing on February 7, 2015.
The order came after advocate Neha Rastogi, who appeared for Kejriwal and the other accused, told the magistrate they have not received all the documents yet. During the hearing, AAP leader Sanjay Singh, named as accused in the chargesheet, appeared in court in pursuance to the summons issued against him.

Judicial officers visit schools to teach law tochildrenPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:44 am
In a first, serving and retired officers of the Delhi Judicial Services visited various city schools on Tuesday and interacted with children, explaining to them the importance of law in society.
The sessions were organised by the Delhi State Legal Services Authority (DSLSA), which has launched legal literacy clubs in schools to educate students on the legal aspects of various issues. Students from Class 9 to 12 will be made part of the clubs.
The judge who took the session at the Government Girls Senior Secondary School at Roopnagar focused on crimes against women.
Girls spoke about harassment and how laws can help.
“The children have to be made aware that certain kinds of behaviour are crimes, but there is no point in telling them about the IPC, so we have to figure out how to say the relevant things without complicating them,” the judge, who conducted the session at the girls school, said.
At a similar session at a boys school, students raised issues of “protection” against “false cases” and how it was the duty of all citizens to stop crimes against women.
“What you see as ‘fun’ is actually eve-teasing that can get you jailed. Mistakes like these affect your life and that of everyone around you,” the judge, who conducted the session at the boys school, said.
The judge and the principal asked the students to follow traffic rules, not ride motorcycles without licences and never overspeed.
The DSLSA, along with the Education department, launched the legal literacy campaign on Monday, which was attended by school principals, lawyers and judges from district courts, the Delhi High Court and the Supreme Court.
The legal literacy clubs have been launched in Delhi government schools for now. Similar sessions are planned at central government schools, private schools and schools run by the New Delhi Municipal Council from November. The students who are part of the clubs would then act as “peer counsellors”, spreading awareness about laws and civic duties among other students.
“The challenge before legal aid today is to convey to the children that they have a legitimate stake in local, national and international governance, that we are all equal citizens and we all have an equal say in how our lives and communities should be run,” Chief Justice of India HL Dattu said at the inaugural session on Monday.
Principals said for the initiative to succeed, constant monitoring and several sessions should be held. “Also, police have to enforce laws. Boys ride bikes on roads, but no action is taken against them,” one principal said.

Major roles for councillors in new Delhi BJPteamPrint
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:43 am
The Delhi BJP president has formalised his new team after consultations with the central leadership and RSS. The list that has been prepared till late Tuesday night witnessed major roles given to councillors and those leaders who are considered close to Satish Upadhyay.
For the posts to vie for like general secretary, names have been finalised. The three general secretary in the new team are South Delhi MP Ramesh Bidhuri, councillor Rekha Gupta and councillor Ashish Sood. Newsline on October 18 wrote about councillors dominating the team and to be given priority for the posts like general secretary.
Including this, there are eight vice-presidents and eight secretaries in the list. The treasurer post has been given to ex-MLA ShyamLal Garg, said the sources. Vijay Sharma is the organisational general secretary.
The sources said no MLA has been kept in the team.

Japan giant SoftBank to put $627 million in SnapdealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Western Digital beats estimates on higher data storage demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Angel Broking maintains Buy on Mangalam CementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Editorial: Not just the bank chiefsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Power ministry moots fuel plan to keep lights onThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

P I Industries standalone quarterly earnings drop 11.43%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan s SoftBank invests hard $627 mn in SnapdealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Facebook thumbs up on mobile ads surgeFacebook warns new buys will hurt margins
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7bec38c-5ede-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Have some shame and dissolve House:AAPPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:07 am
Encouraged by the Supreme Court admonishing the Central government for delaying elections in Delhi, senior leaders of the AAP hit out at the BJP on Tuesday and said the party should “have some shame” and the Assembly should be dissolved.
The AAP also questioned the “double speak” of the Congress, alleging that outside the court Congress leaders spoke in favour of fresh elections, but the party’s affidavit to the Supreme Court still stated that the Delhi Assembly should not be dissolved.
Emerging from the Supreme Court, AAP leader and Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan said, “We have asked for elections on the ground that the BJP cannot form a government in an honest manner. It had 32 seats, which have now come down to 29. The BJP is afraid of elections in Delhi, and, therefore, it sought that the hearing be deferred again. The court said in a democracy, President’s rule cannot go on indefinitely.”
AAP convenor and former CM Arvind Kejriwal said, “How will the BJP get the numbers? Four times in the past the party has tried to buy our MLAs and failed. Will this be the fifth? The BJP is playing dirty tricks on the people of Delhi and are afraid. People are desperate for a government with no department functioning in the absence of an elected government. If the BJP has any shame, they should allow fresh elections.”
Kejriwal also hit out against Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung and said, “It is very sad that instead of protecting the Constitution, the Lieutenant Governor is working on the direction of one political party.”
An AAP spokesperson said, “Outside the court, their leaders have issued statements where they say they are ready for polls. In reality, the Congress’s affidavit before the court says it does not favour the dissolution of the Assembly.”

Endgame begins on hung DelhiHouseUnion Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Tuesday stated that BJP may opt for fresh elections in Delhi.
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:05 am
Even as differences between the state and national BJP leadership delays a decision on government formation in Delhi, it is learnt that Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung will review all options available to him before taking a decision on Wednesday. The Union government informed the Supreme Court on Tuesday that President Pranab Mukherjee has accepted Lt-Governor Jung’s proposal to invite the BJP to form the government.
While a large section of the national leadership is keen on going for elections to seek a fresh mandate, many in the state unit want to explore the possibility of forming a government with within the current house, in which the BJP has 29 members. Party sources said the top leadership is expected to take a final decision soon.
It has three options — seek dissolution of the current assembly and fresh polls, accept the invitation if the LG calls the party or waits for the outcome of by-elections to the three Assembly seats, to be held on November 25. The counting will be only on December 23.
“The central leadership will discuss its strategy after the BJP government takes oath in Maharashtra. But it’s true that the state unit is continuing its efforts to form a government with the current strength,” said a source. According to another source, a new team for Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay is expected to be announced on Wednesday or Thursday. BJP vice-president Prabhat Jha, in charge of Delhi, held a meeting of the state unit and told them no one should be “disheartened” if they do not find a place in the new team.
Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Tuesday stated that BJP may opt for fresh elections in Delhi. The minister’s statement created an upheaval in the politics of Delhi as majority of BJP MLAs were vouching for government formation.
Naidu said, “We are prepared for polls in Delhi. There is no question of forming the government with horse-trading. The Centre will take its decision once the LG sends his recommendation.”
Former Delhi unit president and Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan has maintained from the beginning that Delhi should go to elections as BJP does not have numbers to form the government.
Neither the central leadership nor Delhi made it clear whether BJP will go for elections or form the government. According to the senior leaders in the party, the leadership is in dilemma on elections.
“Until late night, the mood of the leadership was to form the government but today it seems to be in favour of elections. However, even this has not been made clear yet. But we believe that election is the only option for the BJP,” a senior leader said.
Meanwhile, national secretary BJP R P Singh continued…

Iraqi Kurds head to fight militants inSyriaThousands of cheering, flag-waving people gave a noisy send-off to a group of Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga troops.
By: Associated Press | Irbil | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:59 am
Thousands of cheering, flag-waving people gave a noisy send-off to a group of Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga troops who left Tuesday for Turkey – the first step on their way to help their Syrian brethren fight Islamic extremists in the embattled border town of Kobani.
The unprecedented mission by the 150 fighters to help fellow Kurds in their battle with the Islamic State group came after Ankara agreed to allow the peshmerga cross into Syria via Turkey – although the Turkish prime minister reiterated that his country would not be sending any ground forces of its own to Kobani.
A U.S. State Department official confirmed that peshmerga fighters are on their way to Kobani but did not know when they were expected to arrive. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to be identified in discussing the issue.
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told the BBC that sending the peshmerga was “the only way to help Kobani, since other countries don’t want to use ground troops.”
The Islamic State group launched its offensive on Kobani and nearby Syrian villages in mid-September, killing more than 800 people, according to activists. The Sunni extremists captured dozens of Kurdish villages around Kobani and control parts of the town. More than 200,000 people have fled across the border into Turkey.
The U.S. is leading a coalition that has carried out dozens of airstrikes targeting the militants in and around Kobani.
The deployment of the 150 peshmerga fighters, who were authorized by the Iraqi Kurdish government to go to Kobani, underscores the sensitive political tensions in the region.
Turkey’s government views the Syrian Kurds defending Kobani as loyal to what Ankara regards as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or PKK. That group has waged a 30-year insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by the U.S. and NATO.
Under pressure to take greater action against the IS militants – from the West as well as from Kurds inside Turkey and Syria – the Turkish government agreed to let the fighters cross through its territory. But it only is allowing the peshmerga forces from Iraq, with whom it has a good relationship, and not those from the PKK.
Peshmerga spokesman Halgurd Hekmat said the fighters were flying Tuesday to Turkey and from there would cross into Syria. He gave no further details.
A convoy of Toyota land cruisers and trucks with cannons and machine guns headed toward the Iraqi Kurdish area of Dohuk on the way to Turkey.
Peshmerga soldiers carrying Kurdish flags were atop some of the vehicles. The troops made the victory sign for the cameras. An ambulance and government vehicles blaring their sirens accompanied the convoy.
Scores of people waited by the side of the road in villages for the troops to pass. In continued…

Drone gives police eye in TrilokpuriskyA police drone at work in Trilokpuri on Tuesday. (Express photo: Oinam Anand)
Written by Shalini Narayan | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:59 am
“We have managed to recce 700 houses and have recovered 500 bricks, 70 sacks of broken bricks and stones, three sacks of glass bottles, and at least 70 weapons including spades and knives.”
According to this senior officer, all it took for Delhi Police to reel in this lethal haul in just one day from Trilokpuri, after the communal riots last week, was one machine: A drone, also called a helicam, that was deployed to scan the rooftops in the area.
The drone was used Tuesday after police asked the area’s residents, before the ongoing curfew was relaxed for a few hours, to throw bricks and weapons out of their houses. The request was made in the form of an announcement issued from police jeeps that also assured residents that those who agreed to do so would not be prosecuted.
According to police, the helicam was used only in areas where people failed to act on the announcement. “When we  used the helicam in the first three blocks — 27, 28 and 15 — we were shocked to see the pile of bricks lying on the rooftops of houses. Most of our recoveries were from these blocks alone. Some had weapons stored on the terraces. We noticed this using the device. We were able to recover some of the weapons,” the officer said.
“We sourced the device through a private company which helped us immensely,” he said, adding that the drone has been deployed earlier at the Ramlila Maidan and at protest sites.
Following the recovery at Trilokpuri, police called in the East Municipal Corporation to collect the bricks and dump them elsewhere.
A corporation official said, “We have deputed three vehicles to collect these bricks. The vehicles will operate whenever the curfew is relaxed. We will cover the whole area block by block.”
Explaining how the residents had stored the bricks, a police officer said, “Some of the residents put up brick walls on the pretext of building a roof or an extra floor. During such incidents, they use these bricks and stones to target others.”
Deputy Commissioner of Police (East) Ajay Kumar said, “The residents from whose houses we have recovered weapons will be prosecuted”.
Rahul Gandhi may visit riot scene today
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi is likely to visit riot-affected families in Trilokpuri on Wednesday, sources said on Tuesday.
A delegation of a peace committee from Trilokpuri met Gandhi Tuesday evening. The committee included senior leaders of the Congress, including general secretary in-charge of Delhi, Shakeel Ahmed, and Delhi Congress president Arvinder Singh Lovely. Also in the delegation was P L Punia, chairman of the National Commission for SC/ST.
According to Congress leaders, the peace committee comprised at least 400 Muslim and Dalit residents from Trilokpuri. “We made a pledge that we want peace and also asked Rahul Gandhi to mount political pressure continued…

AP  Seattle Times Object to FBI s Fake News StoryThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Google Working on Pill That Searches for IllnessesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Taco Bell dodges munchies question
U.S. Stocks Rally; Dow Ends Above 17000Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tomorrow can be turning point for rei agro .Platinum Member
83 Followers
Buy and accumulate REI agro we may expect breakout after long consolidation - My target for Rei Agro is Rs 6.5 for the short term with a stoploss of Rs 2.2
10.29 PM Oct 28th

I had exited rolta @120 but now i have my eyes again. it was slow but ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Let me share with you my opinion on this market. currently nse is trad...Platinum Member
691 Followers
Let ME share with you my opinion on this market. Currently NSE is trading @20.45 PE.............If NSE rises by 200 to 300 points from here then PE will be 25 .......I WILL BE EXTREMELY CAUTIOUS..........will for sure book profit ...at sell 35 % of my portfolio for sure.
3.16 AM Oct 29th  | Track

This is a stck worth being in 4 digits . languishing in 2Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

NIA  ED share info on funding of Bengal bombindustryPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:43 am
A three-member team of NIA, led by an official of SP rank, Tuesday held meeting with the senior officials of the Enforcement Directorate for sharing information between the two agencies over the funding of the “bomb industry” in West Bengal. The meeting was part of the ongoing probe into the October 2 blast in Burdwan in which two suspected JMB terrorists were killed.
“Today, three officers from the Terror Funding Cell of the NIA in Delhi came to our office to chart out future coordination, sharing information and working out a road map for an effective probe into the Burdwan blast,” a top source in the ED said, adding team of ED officials left for the blast site Tuesday, along with NIA officials.
A team of ED officials had earlier visited the blast site to ascertain the funding module and whether any money laundering offences were involved.
Sources said that that the central agencies have already identified some bank accounts of some of the absconding accused as well as that of Shakil Ahmed, who owned a tailoring shop and was killed in blast at the Khagragarh village. The accounts were created in a nationalized bank branch in Burdwan.
Meanwhile, the NIA sources denied any information related to the arrest of Sheikh Yusuf, the owner of  a madrasa in Simulia area of Burdwan and wanted in the case. The NIA had earlier said that the Bangladeshi terrorists were trained in jihadi ideology at this madrasa.

Mamata accepts lapses by police: may have downplayed theincidentMamata Banerjee
Written by Vijaita Singh | Kolkata | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:40 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:44 am
Admitting to lapses by the West Bengal Police in the Burdwan blast case, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee reportedly informed National Security Advisor Ajit Doval that the state government has ordered an internal inquiry to find out how the prime accused Kauser Ali, a key operative of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB), managed to escape. A preliminary probe by the National investigation Agency (NIA) has so far not found any “political patronage” being given to the accused, sources said.
Sources said Mamata, who met NSA, NIA and NSG chief and senior Home Ministry officials, said though the state police did a “fine job” with the investigations, they could not understand its magnitude and could have “downplayed the incident.”
“The Chief Minister was told that Kauser Ali, who escaped from the Burdwan house where the blast took place, was in neighbouring Birbhum from October 2-5 and could have easily been caught had the police acted more swiftly,” said a senior official.
Investigators said the two prime accused, Kauser Ali and Sheikh Habibur, both Bangladesh nationals, used to teach at two madrasas for girls — at Simulia in Burdwan and Lalgola in Murshidabad. “The two accused belong to Bangladesh and were teaching the girl students here. We have come to know they were being taught about chemicals,” said the official.
The two women who were arrested from the Khagragar house — Razia Bibi and Alima Bibi — also belong to Bangladesh but had residential proof that showed them as natives of West Bengal.
He said the MHA is also planning to hand over the case in Assam, where six people were arrested, to the NIA as it is linked to the Burdwan case and the government has no objection to it.
Doval explained to Mamata the deep-rooted conspiracy being hatched in West Bengal to target installations in neighbouring Bangaldesh. India will also be handing over a dossier to the Bangladesh government for preventive steps and necessary action that Dhaka needs to take to counter the threat posed by JMB.
Officials said the JMB module was active in West Bengal for the last three years and the house where the blast took place was taken on rent of Rs 4,200 per month since July.

Day after  train driver says one man held onto track  other tried to pull himawayFamilies of both the victims wait outside the mortuary of the Mohali Civil Hospital, Phase 6, on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Gagandeep Singh Dhillon | Mohali | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:39 am
THE two men who were run over by a train near Jagatpura on Monday evening were killed when one of them attempted suicide and the other tried to save him.
Arvind Kumar Sharma and Shamsher Singh, both were residents of the nearby Kambali village. They were friends and drove cycle carts to earn living.
Police said Shamsher was seen trying to pull away Arvind who held on to the track in an apparent attempt to end his life as the train approached. Ultimately, both died.
Officials said that both of them climbed up to the tracks in the evening, probably to consume liquor or simply to hang around, as the place is frequented by residents of the area after work.
It is not clear what happened, but the train driver old the police that he saw one man holding onto the track, and the other desperately trying to pull him away. However, Arvind did not let go and a while later, both of them were hit by the train which was coming from Ambala and was bound for Amb Andaura in Himachal Pradesh.
The police suspect that both were in an inebriated condition, although no liquor bottle was found on the spot. However, some tablets were found in Arvind’s pocket.
Arvind was reportedly under depression due to strained relations with his family ever since he married against their wishes several years ago. He had left his Phase 11 residence to live in a rented accommodation with his wife at Kambali village, the police said.
Both men were the sole bread-winners in their families. While Arvind is survived by his wife and a six-year-old son, Shamsher is survived by his wife and three children: a daughter and two sons in their teenage.
“Shamsher was a hard-working man, and was trying to save money to get his daughter married. His two sons  study in school,” said his friend Darbara Singh.
A relative of Arvind said his relations with his family had been strained for the last several years. “When he was young, his father died of tuberculosis. Fate has now dealt a similar blow to his wife and son,” said the relative who did not wish to be named.

Murder charges filed against California shootingsuspectsProsecutors filed murder charges against two Utah residents in the slayings of two California sheriff's deputies.
By: Associated Press | Sacramento | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:35 am
Prosecutors filed murder charges Tuesday against two Utah residents in the slayings of two California sheriff’s deputies during a shooting rampage that also left a motorist and third deputy wounded.
Luis Enrique Monroy-Bracamonte, who was booked into jail under the pseudonym Marcelo Marquez, was charged Tuesday along with his wife, 38-year-old Janelle Marquez Monroy.
The 14-count complaint charges both with the murder of one deputy, though authorities say Monroy-Bracamonte fired the fatal shots. He alone is charged with the other slaying. Other charges include multiple counts of carjacking and attempted murder.
Monroy-Bracamonte is facing special circumstances that could qualify him for the death penalty. But the district attorney’s office in which the charges were filed would not immediately say if prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Prosecutors and sheriffs planned a news conference after the pair’s arraignment.
Authorities say Monroy-Bracamonte, 34, fired all the fatal shots during Friday’s rampage, first killing Deputy Daniel Oliver, then wounding a motorist while attempting to carjack his vehicle. The charges say he used a .9mm handgun in both initial shootings.
Both are charged with the attempted murder and attempted carjacking of motorist Anthony Davis, Monroy as an accomplice. Davis is recovering from multiple gunshot wounds.
The couple is also charged with two more attempted carjackings and one successful carjacking.
They fled to a neighboring county, where Monroy-Bracamonte is charged with killing a second deputy and wounding a third using a high-powered AR-15 assault rifle. He and his wife are charged with the murder of homicide detective Michael Davis. The complaint says he fired the fatal shot but that she was an accomplice.
The complaint alleges for the first time that Monroy-Bracamonte stole a sheriff’s department vehicle along with a sheriff’s department shotgun.
It also accuses the pair of attempting to murder two other sheriff’s deputies, Charles Bardo and Joseph Roseli, along with attempting to murder and wounding deputy Jeffrey Davis, who was treated for a gunshot wound to the arm. The charges say Monroy-Bracamonte fired the assault rifle at all three deputies, with Monroy as an accomplice.
Other charges say the pair possessed an assault rifle that is illegal in California, and that Monroy-Bracamonte was a felon in possession of the rifle, stolen shotgun, .9mm handgun and a .380 caliber handgun.
They are set for their first court appearances Tuesday afternoon.
He is expected to be represented by Jeffrey Barbour of a county public defender’s office. She is expected to be represented by attorney Pete Kmeto. Neither returned telephone messages Tuesday morning.
Federal immigration authorities say Monroy-Bracamonte has been living in the U.S. illegally after being convicted in Arizona for selling drugs in 1997 and deported to Mexico twice, most recently in 2001.
The couple appeared to be living quietly in Utah until their arrest in California. Investigators said they have not determined a motive, or what continued…

Phase III of IT Park: Post-SC order  public notice seeks return of money  landowners say cantpayPrint
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:34 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 3:35 am
MORE than two years after the Supreme Court quashed the acquisition of 272-acre land for phase III of IT Park, the Chandigarh Administration is yet to get back the compensation that was paid to some of the landowners. The Land Acquisition Officer has now issued a public notice seeking the return of the money, but the landowners say they can’t pay.
Some families say that they have spent the money. In other cases, there were multiple owners of a piece of land and the compensation got divided.
The administration had, through several notifications issued between 2006 and 2009, acquired the land in Manimajra. Of the more than 200 landowners, around 35 had accepted the compensation. Others refused, stating that the amount was meagre.
They argued that while the compensation paid in Punjab was more than Rs 1 crore an acre, the administration had offered around Rs 18 lakh an acre. They also held protests against the administration. Some of them moved court.
As a result, the administration got land in scattered patches. Since it wanted the entire land, it did not take physical possession of the patches which are still with the original owners.
Brig (retd) K S Kahlon, president of Chandigarh Sanjha Morcha and one of the petitioners in the case, said, “We had asked the farmers then not to accept the compensation. However, they went ahead and now are expressing their inability to return the money.’’
Brig Kahlon said that keeping in view the financial condition of some of the landowners, they should be allowed to pay back the money in instalments.
Land Acquisition Officer Tilak Raj said the landowners had been asked to pay by November 23. “We may give them an extension. But if the owners claim that they do not have money to pay, then the legal recourse would be to auction the land,” he said.

Congresss fully prepared but some MLAsunsurePrint
AICC office in New Delhi. (Source: File)
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal , Naveed Iqbal | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:26 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 10:27 am
The Congress on Tuesday said it is “fully prepared for fresh elections” in Delhi and ruled out support to any party. But some party MLAs may not share this resolve or enthusiasm for new polls.
Soon after the Supreme Court  pulled up the Centre and Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung over the delay in government formation, party general-secretary and Delhi in-charge Shakeel Ahmad held a meeting with party MLAs at the Pradesh Congress office. He later hit out at the LG for “giving the BJP time for horse trading”.
Sources said the meeting was focused on the President’s nod to Jung’s proposal to invite the BJP for government formation as the single largest party in the state.
Legislative Party leader Haroon Yusuf said, “We do not see any possibility of government formation. That is why the party has decided to strengthen its membership on the ground and prepare for fresh elections.”
Referring to the by-election on November 25 as its “first test”, the party also discussed possible strategies in the face of likely assembly elections. “It was discussed as to what strategy would be adopted by the party for the byelections.
That’s the first test for us,” a senior leader said.
While Ahmad and Delhi Congress president Arvinder Singh Lovely maintained that the party is prepared for elections, party MLAs seem less confident and pointed out that little organisational changes have been made to the party since the last Assembly elections.
The Congress had dissolved its 140 block committees in Delhi post the debacle in the general elections, “but little has been done in terms of reorganising the party after our defeat,” a worker pointed out.
Ahmad also slammed the LG for delaying elections and said, “He has given the BJP time for horse trading. We are completely prepared for free and fair elections in Delhi.”
The party convened two meetings at the Pradesh Congress office in connection with the elections. Senior party leaders have asked the Congress workers including — MLAs, ex-MLAs, former ministers and municipal councillors —to “gear up for polls” and strengthen the membership base in all parts of Delhi.
Spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said the party leaders “have been directed to start agitations to expose the misdeeds of the BJP and the Aam Aadmi Party.” He said after the meeting, a unanimous resolution was passed, seeking fresh elections in Delhi after dissolving the Delhi Assembly, which is currently in suspended animation.
In the meeting, Lovely is learned to have told party workers to publicise the “15 years of all-round development of Delhi”.

Timblos mining operations and a Karachi power of attorneyTimblo’s mining operations and a Karachi power of attorney
Prakash Kamat
Radha Timblo
Panaji, October 27:  
Radha Timblo, the Goan mining magnate, who is among the three individuals accused by the Centre of stashing black money in Swiss banks, said she has not seen the copy of the Government’s affidavit to the apex court and would file her reply after studying it.
“I have to obtain a copy of the said affidavit, I have to study the affidavit filed by the Centre and then I shall file my reply in the Supreme Court,” Timblo told local news channels on Monday. Timblo was not available for comment when BusinessLine contacted her office. .
Interestingly, a Central Empowerment Committee(CEC) of the Supreme Court, in its report in December 2012 on Goa’s illegal mining, had pointed out how Goa’s miners, in association with the then State Government, had indulged in gross illegalities in iron ore mining.
Timblo’s name figured in more than one case in the report. In one such case, mining was carried out for decades by executing power of attorney from Karachi to a Goan partnership firm for mining of iron ore in serious breach of law, the CEC said.
The committee said that the mining lease was granted in the name of an individual who had migrated to Pakistan and died there. He was never involved in operating the mining lease or seeking renewal of it. “The lease has been allowed to be operated illegally by a partnership firm comprising Timblo Pvt Ltd, Ms Radha S. Timblo and others. The mining lease has been renewed by the Goa Government in favour of the partnership firm owned and controlled by the Timblo family in disregard and in blatant violation of Rule 37 of Mineral Concession Rules, 1960,” the CEC said.
The CEC pointed out that the renewal of mining lease was allowed by the Goa Government “on the basis of an unregistered power of attorney, stated to have been executed by the lessee while staying in Pakistan and whose genuineness and validity was highly dubious and doubtful”.
The CEC further said that though all facts were available with the State Government, it chose to ignore them and the lease granted in favour of an individual was illegally allowed to be converted into a partnership firm owned by the Timblo family.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Snapdeal raises $627 mn from SoftBankSnapdeal raises $627 mn from SoftBank
Priyanka Pani
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion in July.
Japanese company is now lead investor in Snapdeal
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
Online marketplace Snapdeal has raised $627 million in its latest round from Softbank, the company said in a statement.
Through this strategic investment and partnership with Snapdeal, the SoftBank Group aims to further strengthen its presence in India and leverage synergies with its network of Internet companies around the world.
Masayoshi Son, Chairman and CEO of SoftBank Corp. said, “Since SoftBank’s foundation, our mission has been to contribute to people’s lives through the Information Revolution. We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market.”
Kunal Bahl, Co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, said, “Our entire team at Snapdeal is thrilled and honoured to have SoftBank as a strategic partner. With the support of Son-san and Nikesh [Nikesh Arora, Vice Chairman of SoftBank], we are confident we will further strengthen our promise to consumers and create life changing experiences for 1 million small businesses in India.”
Arora will be joining the board of Snapdeal as part of this strategic investment by the SoftBank Group.
Morrison & Foerster LLP acted as legal advisor to SoftBank, with Kochhar & Co. advising SoftBank on India law matters.
SoftBank invests in Ola, too
Funds raised so far this year
Snapdeal.com, alone this year, has raised up to $1 billion. With this funding, Softbank is now the leading investor in Snapdeal.com. This is the largest investment made by a single investor in an e-commerce company in India. Other existing investors have also participated in this round with a significant undisclosed investment.
Earlier this year, the company raised $133.77 million (February 2014) as a result of a round led by eBay and $105 million (May 2014) as result of a financial round which saw participation from institutional investors - Temasek, Myriad, Tybourne, Blackrock Inc. and Premji Invest. Ratan Tata, Chairman Emeritus, Tata Sons, also made a personal investment into the company.
"These investments stand testimony to confidence displayed by investors in the company’s pure marketplace model and are in line with Snapdeal.com’s growth strategy and vision to create life changing experiences for 1 million businesses in India," the company added.
In order to further the tremendous growth Snapdeal.com has seen so far, the company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management.
Innovation centres
To strengthen its Technology efforts, the company will open innovation centres across the country. After Delhi, it has already opened its second innovation centre in Bangalore and plans to open innovation centres in cities like Hyderabad and Pune. The company will also double its technology team size to 1,000 by the end of the current financial year. To strengthen its Supply Chain efforts, the company also looks to expand its fulfilment centres to 30 cities. It currently has 40 fulfilment centres in 15 cities. With the vision to enable SMBs in India to do business online, Snapdeal.com aims to expand its merchant base to 1 million in the next 3 years. The setting up of fulfilment centres is in line with the same as it will not only enrich the shopping experience for buyers but will also further enable SMBs that do not have the necessary resources to handle deliveries at their end.
Further, Snapdeal.com will look to make 3-4 strategic acquisitions in the coming few months specifically in the area of mobile technology. With mobile commerce fast gaining pace in the country, Snapdeal.com within the next 6 months, will also set up an incubation centre to hone and harness start-up businesses in the mobile technology space.
Snapdeal was founded in February 2010 by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The company witnessed phenomenal growth in 2013-14, growing 600 per cent from 2013 to 2014.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Apple boosts R&D spending by a thirdApple boosts R&D spending in new product hunt
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f93b7122-5e57-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virat  Anushka and their moments togetherCelebrity Search
Anushka, Virat and their moments together
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli. We hear a lot of speculations about them every other day. Have they decided to get married? Is there engagement on the cards since their parents have met? We spotted them together and here's a look at all that came into being.
First they were spotted together at a football match, and now they were seen together at a theatre.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Celebrity | Photo by Yogen Shah
Tue 28 Oct, 2014 9:30 AM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look

Devendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra s next CMDevendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra's next CM
The swearing-in ceremony of the chief minister will take place on Friday at the Wankhede stadium.
Yahoo India –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014
Print
MUMBAI: Devendra Fadnavis was on Tuesday elected by the Bharatiya Janata Party legislators as the new chief minister of Maharashtra.
The BJP elected Fadnavis as its legislative party leader in the presence of the central observers, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and party general secretary JP Nadda.
The swearing-in ceremony of the chief minister will take place on Friday at the Wankhede stadium.
Meanwhile, on the eve of the BJP legislature party meeting, the meet between the Shiv Sena and the BJP remained inconclusive. BJP has told Shiv Sena that any decision on ministries can be decided later and they would have to first declare unconditional support. Sena, it may be noted had been seeking plum ministries.
Also, NCP, which had offered support to BJP after the poll result, said it will have no problem if Shiv Sena joins the government.
"We will not be part of the government but do not want to create instability by voting against a minority government.
So, NCP will abstain, if there is voting," party spokesman Nawab Malik told PTI in Mumbai.
Sena has of late softened its stand against the BJP with an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamna on Monday saying that the party was ready to back any BJP CM.
Sena leaders also hinted of a possibility of their joining the government later on.
The BJP leaders have described Sena as their "natural" partner pointing out its member Ananth Geete remains a member of Union Cabinet.
Recommend

Gileads hepatitis C drug breaks recordsGilead’s latest hepatitis C drug breaks US sales records
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ac62214-5e1c-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Massive Blast Rocks Central BaghdadCar Bomb Rocks Central Baghdad
Posted:
reddit
BAGHDAD, Oct 27 (Reuters) - A car bomb killed at least 15 people in central Baghdad on Monday, police and medical sources in the Iraqi capital said.
The attack took place on a street with shops and restaurants in the Karrada district, which is home to both Sunni and Shi'ite Muslims as well as other sects and ethnic groups. (Writing by Michael Georgy; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
More:

Boats be gone: Second chance for Antares rocket launch Tuesday eveningA rocket that was to resupply the International Space Station blew up Tuesday night a few seconds after lift-off from Wallops Island, Va. (NASA)
 
For the latest Antares updates see: Rocket blows up seconds after launching
Update at 9 p.m. ET: The NASA press conference following the Antares rocket explosion is scheduled to begin momentarily. Watch live: NASA TV
 
Update at 7:06 p.m. ET: Local radar shows smoke from the Antares explosion in Wallops, Va.:
Doppler radar shows the explosion of the #Antares rocket. No injuries reported according to @NASA pic.twitter.com/ugY57LZgve
— Matt Daniel (@mattdanielwx) October 28, 2014
 
Update at 6:45 p.m. ET: NASA confirms that all personnel are accounted for, and there were no injuries in the Antares explosion.
Update at 6:40 p.m. ET: The team is gathering witness statements of the accident. An accident investigation team will be coordinated and led by Richard Straka, Deputy General Manager of Orbital’s Launch Systems Group. The investigation team will include representatives from NASA, Orbital, and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Wallops, Va.
Update at 6:30 p.m. ET: Just seconds after liftoff, the Antares rocket exploded and fell back to the ground.
The Orbital team is implementing its necessary procedures and investigating the cause of the failure. Officials on NASA TV have said that the damage appears to be limited to the facility, and there’s no indication that any personnel are in danger, but there is significant property and vehicle damage.
A news conference is forthcoming.
Live coverage is still in progress on NASA TV .
Original post, from this afternoon
The Antares rocket on Tuesday morning. (Orbital Sciences via Twitter )
Monday night’s Antares rocket launch was scrubbed when a sailboat entered the range. Fortunately, the weather is looking favorable for Tuesday’s “take two,” which is scheduled for 6:22 p.m.ET.
Photographers lined the tidal basin in Washington D.C. on Monday evening to capture a perfect shot of the rocket launch from Wallops Island, Va. The International Space Station was scheduled to pass overhead a few minutes later, providing an excellent opportunity for a unique photo.
Some love of science going on out here pic.twitter.com/ovylgQloah
— Ian Livingston (@islivingston) October 27, 2014
However, just as the final, 12-minute countdown was scheduled to begin, the launch process was put on hold for a “boat in range.”
After liftoff, the Antares rocket will fly eastward over the Atlantic Ocean. A safety range or launch hazard area of about 1,400 square miles is set up around the launch site so that in case of a failure, no one is at risk.
According to NASA Public Affairs Officer Stephanie Schierholz, public notifications were released to mariners in the vicinity of NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility. The notice outlined the consequences of disregarding the safety range, including fines and even arrest by the U.S. Coast Guard. It’s not yet known what action may have been taken against the passengers of the sailboat that scrubbed Monday night’s launch.
Schierholz described Monday’s hazard in an email:
On Monday evening, a small sailboat, about 26 feet long, entered the hazard zone early in the launch count. The radar aircraft detected the boat and hailed it several times, but there was no response. The spotter plane made multiple passes around the boat at low altitudes using commonly understood signals (wing waving) to establish contact; however the operator did not respond. The boat was traveling very slowly, about 4 knots, and remained in the hazard area at the time of our scheduled launch.
Business Insider writes that this isn’t the first time a rocket launch has been canceled due to something other than inclement weather:
In 2000, the launch of an Atlas rocket coincided with a fishing tournament and multiple boats steered into the restricted zones, so the launch was cancelled. Planes can also interfere and mission controllers must simply wait for the planes to fly clear of the rocket’s path — though sometimes these launch windows are very small — just minutes — and even a responsive interloper can become a major issue and cause the launch to be rescheduled.
The weather is looking favorable [update at 4:30 p.m.: somewhat favorable...] in the D.C. area for a successful launch on Tuesday evening, which is scheduled for 6:22 p.m. ET. Clouds ahead of an approaching cold front are pushing into the Mid-Atlantic, but skies are expected to stay just partly cloudy around D.C. through launch time. You should be able to see the launch through the breaks in the clouds.
At Wallops, Orbital Sciences says that the overall launch status is green as of Tuesday afternoon:
97% favorable weather, surface winds are currently 12 kts. Overall status is Green toward today’s #Antares launch at 6:22:38 EDT. #Orb3
— Orbital Sciences (@OrbitalSciences) October 28, 2014
If you’re planning to head outdoors, a map from Orbital illustrates when the rocket will be visible in the sky. In D.C., this is about 90 seconds after launch. You’ll want to be looking toward the southeast. Live coverage of the launch begins on NASA TV at 5:30 p.m. ET.
(Orbital Sciences)

Dollar slips on weak data as Fed policy-makers meetDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Business Etiquette: 10 Office Pet Peevesreddit
If you spend most of your week in an office environment, you probably know that working closely with colleagues can be a productive, rewarding experience. You also know that their quirks, bad habits, and thoughtlessness can slowly drive you insane.
In the hopes that the offenders may acknowledge their behavior and take measures to be less irritating to their colleagues, here's a checklist of 10 highly annoying office behaviors. While these workplace transgressions are all too common, there is good news: they are easy to correct and will contribute substantially to a more pleasant atmosphere.
Passive-aggressive feuding. This happens when a coworker has a problem, but instead of solving it through open communication, punishes you with a range of undermining tactics. This can include eye rolling, the silent treatment, or excluding you from lunch or happy hour. It's best to get the issue on the table and discuss it calmly, working together to find an agreeable solution.
Being a kitchen slob. There are many offenses on the kitchen spectrum: leaving your dirty dishes in the sink, cooking something with an overpowering aroma, or creating the dreaded burnt popcorn smell that pervades the entire room. Then there's the ultimate kitchen offense: eating someone else's lunch out of the office refrigerator. Do unto others...
Excessive chatting. There's always one person who, when asked a simple question, launches into a lengthy monologue about themselves or other topics completely unrelated to work. It's worse when they appear in your office doorway and you are held captive. These ramblers are notoriously immune to signs of discomfort or disinterest.
Oversharing personal information. Discussing ailments, medical procedures, troubled marriages, and lousy exes should be done outside the office with close friends or possibly a therapist.
Careless parking. Taking a spot that belongs to someone else, cramming an SUV into a compact space, or taking up more than one space are all guaranteed to make colleagues cringe. Speeding through the parking garage at the end of the day will surely not win you friends at the office.
Noisy neighbors. It's difficult trying to focus when you are one cubicle over from someone who is snapping gum, tapping their long fingernails, slurping a drink, crunching on snacks, playing music, or having a loud phone conversations. Overusing the speakerphone is another annoying noise offense; unless other coworkers are participating in the call. Use your handset or get a hands-free headset for phone conversations rather than subjecting everyone else to your client call.
Being too busy to attend office celebrations. Even if you are slammed with work, skipping the office birthday celebration is a bad idea. The message it sends is "I'm too busy for you people."
Taking the last cup of coffee. Variations on this offense include using up all the printer paper and not refilling it, or leaving the copy machine's toner cartridge empty for the next person to deal with.
Loitering. Avoid hovering around two people in a private conversation without any regard to personal space and common courtesy. If they want you to be included, they will welcome you into the conversation by making eye contact and asking your opinion - not turn their back away from you.
Annoying email etiquette. Take a stroll across the hall, rather than writing a lengthy email about something that could easily be discussed in a few second conversation face to face. Don't hit "Reply All" when not everyone needs to see your response. Think twice before you hit "send" to a chain letter. You are training others to ignore your emails!
For more etiquette tips visit Diane's popular blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest , and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

Should You Write A Book For Your Business 5 Tips From A Ghostwriterreddit
Go to the business section in your library or at any bookstore--quite a few books there, right? Thirty years ago, that massive section was only one-fifth as large. Business books are, well, a brisk business today. More and more, establishing your credibility, platform, and expanding your potential for revenue means writing a book. Some (very few, actually) are able to turn their book into a business, successfully marketing their experience and brand in a tidy e-book or paperback. So how hard can it be?
Maybe you're thinking about writing a book for your business. Maybe you've gotten some good war stories over the years, or you want to package your unique marketing plan, leadership strategies, or entrepreneurial wisdom. If so, fantastic! But before you start hammering out your book and promoting it on your website, you might want to think about a few things first.
1. Can you write? Yes? Great, that means you're either exceptional or a liar.
However, maybe you're the type of person who has all sorts of good ideas, but just can't get them down on paper. Or, like most busy professionals, you can't dedicate four hours exclusively to writing every day for the next six to twelve months. If that's the case, you're going to be using a ghostwriter.
Feels like cheating? Look again at that business section in the library or bookstore. Chances are, many of those authors had "help" from a ghostwriter. Sometimes, a ghostwriter will be credited as an "editor" or "with," but most of the time, someone else put words to paper, organized, edited, and proofread the "author's" material. Not to worry, though, using a ghostwriter means you're in good company. Ted Sorensen ghosted much of  J.F.K.'s Profiles in Courage, and next time you're singing "A Boy Named Sue," you're actually singing a song by Shel Silverstein.
2. What's it worth to you? Let's say the toilet is leaking and you need a plumber, stat. After calling a couple of plumbers, you are overwhelmed--everyone tells you that this is going to cost at least several hundred dollars! You decide to call one more plumber, who says that she can do it for $10.
If you aren't completely out of your mind, this should seem pretty suspicious to you. Ten bucks may sound like a great deal, but plumbing and writing are not that different: you get what you pay for. When you start looking for a writer, there will be no shortage of people who will say that they can write you a full-length book for a pittance. But writing is a professional service, and any writer worth his or her salt is going to charge professional prices .
Look at it another way--a good book, done well, can take your business to the next level. Want bigger clients? Want to be recognized as a leader in your industry? Then treat your book as an investment, just like you would your employees, technology, and office space.
3. Do you have enough to write about? You've got great ideas and a unique perspective, but is it enough for a book?
That depends. The best way to determine this is to sketch out what you want to say. How many chapters will there be? What is the purpose of your book? What should readers get out of this? What will you cover in each chapter?
If you're struggling to get at least ten chapters outlined, you may want to reconsider. Granted, there are ways to "fluff" out content--you can get snippets of interviews from other industry leaders, include interesting case studies, or use a really big font (just kidding). But no matter what, a good book should deliver good content to your readers, and readers can usually tell when a book is a worth the price or a rip-off.
4. Are you tough enough? Just like a cheap writer, beware the fast writer. The same writers who are willing to write your book for next-to-nothing are also likely to promise you that they can deliver a full-length book in two weeks.
Lies. Writing is not a 100-yard dash. It's a marathon. Generally speaking, a book takes at least four months to write, sometimes the better part of a year. Good writing takes time; ideas need time to develop, mistakes need to be caught. You will undoubtedly be going over multiple revisions with your writer, which takes even more time.
A good writing project should be motivated by some urgency. Typically, if you want to get your book out within the next year, that's a good amount of pressure. But like Warren Buffett said, you can't produce a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant. Books are like babies--they need some time to grow and mature before they have something to say.
5. Does it matter? When I work with clients for speechwriting or writing, I ask them a question--I call it my "Sphinx" question, because it stumps them every time. I ask my clients, "what is the one thing you want to communicate to your audience?" Stunned silence. Even if they have lots of ideas and plenty of content, they almost always struggle to articulate the one, powerful message that makes them unique.
Look again at all those business books on the shelves. Maybe you own quite a few yourself. How are you going to stand out? Are you rehashing the same old stuff, or are you saying something that's new, different, or better than what's been said before?
More importantly, is this book motivated by your vanity, or is it going to serve a purpose? Remember that for most business books, the book itself is not going to make you money--it's the business that it may attract, the professional credibility it will build for you, and the platform it can develop.
More:

Ranbaxy posts Q2 net profit of Rs 478 crore on robust salesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

http://usat.ly/1zG0kbEHow Facebook just blew a great quarter
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 5:33 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Even before Facebook (FB) investors could start celebrating a strong quarter of earnings growth, the company cooled off the party.
During the conference call, the company’s Chief Financial Officer David Wehner cautioned Facebook would be ramping up spending by up to 70% in 2015 and gave disappointing revenue guidance for the fourth quarter. That’s exactly what investors don’t want to hear, especially as they’ve seen how Amazon.com has fallen into the red by making big investments.
Facebook’s caution on how spending might affect future quarters is causing the stock to sell off in afterhours trading. Shares are down 10%. Analysts were expecting Facebook to earn an adjusted $2.04 a share in 2015, up 25% from 2014, says S&P Capital IQ. Revenue was expected to hit $16.6 billion in 2015, up 35% from 2014.
Wehner also said revenue would rise somewhere between 40% and 47% in the fourth quarter, which was slightly below the views of some optimistic analysts. Maintaining revenue growth was going to be challenging in the fourth quarter since it was a year-ago that the company launched its successful initiative to put ads in users’ News Feeds. Revenue soared 63% to $2.6 billion during the fourth quarter of 2013.
Seeing Facebook shares crack in afterhours is a big disappointment for investors — especially right after the company reported an adjusted quarterly profit of 43 cents a share, topping expectations by nearly 5%.
The surprise during the conference call sours a bit what had been a period of triumph for the company that had been ridiculed and doubted since its 2012 over-hyped IPO.
Following another strong quarter of earnings growth — and signs Facebook (FB) is the only company that “gets” mobile — shares had been on fire. Facebook investors are up 356% from early September 2012 when the stock fell to $17.73 on all sorts of talk about the company’s struggles.
So far this year through Tuesday’s close, Facebook’s stock is up 46%, by far the best performer among the social media stocks. Twitter, in comparison, is down 31% this year.
Shares of Facebook gained 49 cents, or 0.6%, to $80.77 during regular trading.
Still, this is far from a faceplant. The company reported quarterly profit of $806 million, up 89% from the year-ago period. Facebook reported 59% higher revenue of $3.2 billion during the period.
And analysts still still the stock moving higher — although not by the degree so far. The average 18-month price target on the stock is $88.26.
We’ll have to see if analysts pull back their estimates based on the company’s latest guidance.

FBI Says It Faked AP Story to Catch Bomb SuspectThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Taco Bell president dodges munchies question
DHS heightens security at federal buildings nationwideBy Jerry Markon October 28 Follow @JerryMarkon
The Department of Homeland Security on Tuesday announced heightened security measures at federal buildings in the District and nationwide, citing the recent shooting at the Canadian Parliament and threats from terrorist groups to attack the homeland.
DHS officials emphasized that the step was precautionary and not based on any intelligence about a specific terrorist plot. Rather, they said, the shootings in Canada and other events such as the ongoing U.S. bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria dictated that more security would be a wise measure. The increased security started over the weekend but was only announced Tuesday because of its sensitivity, they said.
“This is a precautionary step to safeguard U.S. government personnel and facilities, and the visitors to those facilities,’’ said a senior DHS official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. The changes are “not based on any specific, credible information at this time indicating any active plot against government officials and law enforcement in the United States.’’
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson announced heightened security at federal buildings nationwide on Tuesday. (AP/Manuel Balce Ceneta)
In announcing the raised security alert, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson said: “The reasons for this action are self-evident: the continued public calls by terrorist organizations for attacks on the homeland and elsewhere, including against law enforcement and other government officials, and the acts of violence targeted at government personnel and installations in Canada and elsewhere recently. ‘’
“Given world events,’’ Johnson said, “prudence dictates a heightened vigilance in the protection of U.S. government installations and our personnel.
Johnson and other officials would not detail the new security measures or which government buildings will be affected, other than saying they will be buildings in D.C. and other major cities and locations around the country. “The precise actions we are taking and the precise locations at which we will enhance security is law-enforcement sensitive, will vary and shift from location to location, and will be continually re-evaluated,’’ Johnson said.
The DHS action, which will be carried out by the Federal Protective Service — which guards more than 9,500 federal facilities passed through by 1.4 million visitors or occupants daily — followed last week’s shocking violence in Canada. In Ottawa, the capital, a gunman killed an honor guard soldier and then opened fire inside the nearby Parliament building.
Gunfire rocked the core of Canada’s government and set off a chaotic scene across downtown Ottawa, in a country that rarely sees gun violence.
President Obama condemned the violence, saying “Obviously we’re all shaken by it.”
Jerry Markon covers the Department of Homeland Security for the Post’s National Desk. He also serves as lead Web and newspaper writer for major breaking national news.

Mkt hopeful of a rally on backdrop of fall in crude oilThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

LIC may raise holding in public sector companiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NTPC power plant in K takaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Apparel exports grow 17.6% in Apr-SeptThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hi dear buy some capri global.New Member
20 Followers
Your apprehensions carry merit. Moreover the co manf was shut down in 2013 partially for pollution related matters and after stay from HC SUDDENLY THERE IS JUMP IN TURNOVER profits et all leading one to suspect book fixing. The manf was stopped on the basis of PIL and if court upholds pcb orders then it is curtains for the co unless they rapidly shift manf base to some other place or rely mainly on trading of chemicals. cheers.
10.11 AM Oct 29th

Developed markets: us stocks tuesday`s close: dow 188 up; nasdaq...DEVELOPED MARKETS: US Stocks Tuesday`s close:
Dow 188 up; Nasdaq 78 up; S&P 23 up.
Andreessen: Venture Capital(VC) spending will likely increase. Startups might not be spending responsibility but that doesn`t mean venture capitalists will be giving them less money.
Latest News
AT&T allegedly misled customers
Verizon`s completely new insane Droid
Russia lives in `alternative economic reality`
Facebook is cashing in on mobile
Buffalo Wild Wings are about to get pricier
Google searching for cancer cure
King is back: LeBron tickets soar to $800
Costco workers `deserve` Thanksgiving off
Harder, better, faster: GM`s new Volt
Surprise! Twitter is not Facebook
Time mag schooled for `bad teacher` cover
Andreessen: VC spending will likely increase
4.26 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Lt may move to 1590...1600 mark today  just hold it...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy lt @ cmp for tgt 1600 / 1625 / 1650 sl 1550Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Facebook new purchases to weigh on marginsFacebook warns new buys will hurt margins
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7bec38c-5ede-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi woos Indian diaspora in New YorkNarendra Modi plays Madison Square Garden to woo Indian diaspora
By James Fontanella-Khan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d2ce7cc-472e-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Drone strikes on Isis loom largeDrone strikes on Isis loom large in allies’ strategy
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5f4397a-48cf-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Whole Foods kicks off national marketing effort0
New store openings in the natural and organic space in recent years have outpaced the growth in demand from consumers, according to a recent report from Deutsche Bank analyst Karen Short, who tracked 17 natural, organic and specialty grocers across the 50 largest U.S. metro markets. In Chicago, 4 percent of grocery stores were natural, organic and specialty chains in 2013, up from 2 percent in both 2008 and 2010, Short said.
Short expects Whole Foods "will ultimately persevere," but the chain's sales at long-standing stores are likely to remain under pressure in the next fiscal year, she wrote in late September.
While sales at Whole Foods are still growing faster than at many conventional grocery chains, the pace of growth has been slowing. The company lowered its sales expectations throughout its latest fiscal year, which ended Sept. 28. Shares have lost more than one-third of their value so far in 2014.
Whole Foods is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter results Nov. 5.
In a recent conference call with analysts, co-CEO Walter Robb said Whole Foods recognized that it "can do a better job communicating to the customers who either have lapsed or customers ... that we would like to acquire that are not currently customers."
He said the new campaign would highlight what is different about Whole Foods "because we believe there's real and substantive differences in the company and in the values and the foods that we sell and offer." New York-based Partners & Spade created the campaign.
Another part of its marketing efforts is a new "affinity" program Whole Foods began to test in Princeton, N.J., in September. The grocer aims to roll out the program before next year's holiday season.
Whole Foods has 399 stores in the U.S., including 19 in the Chicago area. The grocer plans to open seven new Chicago-area stores in former Dominick's locations next year.
In late afternoon trading, Whole Foods shares were up 26 cents, at $37.19.

Canadian Parliament Shooting
Pakistani Taliban leaders turn to IsisPakistan Taliban leaders pledge allegiance to Isis
Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad and Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cfdc723c-53b1-11e4-929b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Art of PersuasionThe Art of Persuasion Exaggeration arms race
Jul 7, 2014
The ‘rising tricolon’ can even make nonsense sound impressive
Jun 23, 2014
Rhetoric is about generating communities of assent
Jun 9, 2014
Abstraction proves a blight of political rhetoric
May 26, 2014
The first person plural is usually a pretty good starting point but has been known to go horribly wrong
May 12, 2014
Saying one thing to say something else
Apr 28, 2014
The renowned investor is proof that the ‘plain style’ can trump ornate public speaking
Apr 14, 2014
In diplomacy, in business communications and in defensive PR, being funny is hugely valuable
Mar 31, 2014
Saying the same thing again is a vital public speaking technique
Mar 17, 2014
The former presidential speech writer says authenticity is key
Mar 3, 2014
You need to capture an impression of spontaneity
Interactive features

A 1964 masterclass from Ronald Reagan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5557294-593f-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

On tense and rhetorical time-travel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1e594542-4fa3-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Madison Square Garden explores break-upAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Carmakers slowing on innovationCarmakers slowing on innovation
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df202a9e-5e07-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taijul sets Bangladesh Test recordTaijul sets Bangladesh Test record
Stats highlights from the third day of the first Test between Zimbabwe and Bangladesh, in Mirpur
By Bishen Jeswant | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 10:37 AM IST
Tweet
0
8/39 Taijul Islam's figures during Zimbabwe's second innings, the best ever for a Bangladesh bowler in Tests. The previous record, which stood for six years, was held by Shakib Al Hasan , who had taken 7 for 36 against New Zealand in Chittagong.
1 Number of international games that Bangladesh have won against any Full Member in 2014. Their only other victories
Taijul Islamin 2014 have come in T20Is against Nepal and Afghanistan.
62 Number of years since the top three batsmen have all scored ducks in a Test innings. Tamim Iqbal , Shamsur Rahman and Mominul Haque scored ducks during Bangladesh's second innings. The only other teams to have suffered this fate are Australia and India, in 1888 and 1952 respectively.
5 Number of times that a team has lost three wickets without scoring a run in a Test innings. Apart from Bangladesh today, India, Pakistan, Australia and Zimbabwe have also found themselves in such a situation.
2 Number of left-arm spinners who have better figures than Taijul Islam in Tests. Rangana Herath and Johnny Briggs have returned figures of 9 for 127 and 8 for 11, making Taijul's performance the third-best by a left-arm spinner in a Test innings.
4 Number of wickets taken by Elton Chigumbura during the fourth innings. His figures of 4 for 21 are the second-best by a pacer in the fourth innings of a Test in Bangladesh. Only Tino Best has taken five wickets.
17 Number of wickets to fall on the third day - seven Bangladesh wickets and ten Zimbabwe wickets. The most wickets to fall in a single day during a Test match played in Bangladesh is 18 - on the third day of the Test between South Africa and Bangladesh, at Dhaka, in 2003.
2 Number of Tests Bangladesh have won in the last five years, the fewest for any team. Bangladesh have played 25 Tests in this period. Zimbabwe, who have won the next fewest, have won three of their 12 Tests in this period.
16 Number of wickets taken by Bangladesh's left-arm spinners - seven by Shakib and nine by Taijul. This is the second-most wickets taken by left-arm spinners from one team in a Test. The most wickets by left-arm spin is 17, by England, against India, in 1934.
3 Number of wickets by which Bangladesh won. This is the joint-smallest margin of victory, in terms of wickets, for a Test match in Bangladesh. Bangladesh have previously lost at home to New Zealand and Australia by three wickets.
5 Number of double-wicket maidens bowled by Zimbabwe bowlers in 2013 and 2014, in eight Tests. Elton Chigumbura bowled one today, dismissing Mahmudullah and Shuvagata Hom. From 2001 to 2012 Zimbabwe played 39 Tests, and their bowlers only bowled four double-wicket maidens in that period.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

One hundred years ago (Manhattan real estate edition)Remember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Family finances: Beef up your home coverage0
Replacing your home. In the event of a disaster that leads to a total loss, your policy pays up to the dwelling limit. If that's less than the cost to rebuild your home, you have to make up the difference. Your insurer estimates the cost to rebuild, but to make sure its estimate is accurate, use an online calculator, available at sites such as http://www.hmfacts.com ($7) and http://www.accucoverage.com ($8). To get full replacement coverage for partial losses, most insurers require you to have a policy with a dwelling limit of 80 percent or more of the insurer-estimated cost to rebuild, notes Bill Wilson, associate vice-president of the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America.
Your policy should include an inflation guard clause keyed to regional costs that adjusts your coverage every year. Also, make sure your policy has extended replacement cost -- ideally, for 20 percent to 25 percent above the dwelling limit; you can add it as an endorsement for about $50. If you have to rebuild your home to bring it up to current code, you'll need ordinance and law coverage. You should be able to bump up your coverage to 25 percent of the dwelling limit for about $50 a year.
High-value belongings. All policies cover your personal property, typically up to 50 percent of your dwelling limit. But policies generally limit reimbursement for jewelry, silverware and collectibles, such as stamps and coins, to $1,000 to $2,500. Most policies cover you if items are stolen but not if they are lost or damaged. Plus, they pay out actual cash value (depreciated based on the age of the item) rather than replacement cost.
If you buy a rider ($10 to $20 per $1,000 in coverage a year for jewelry and silver, for example), you can collect the replacement cost if you file a claim. It also eliminates the deductible and covers mysterious disappearance and breakage for fragile items.
Home office. Most homeowners policies limit coverage for business equipment to $2,500 and provide no liability coverage for business use of your home. If you have clients or delivery people coming to your home office regularly, or you have more than $2,500 in equipment used for business, you'll need more coverage. A separate home-office policy can provide liability and contents coverage for a couple hundred dollars a year.
(Jessica Anderson is an associate editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Yoga asanas for pregnant womenShare 0
Lie on your side with one arm straight under your head, and the other flexed on the ground for support. Raise the top leg. Do 5 reps on each side. Good for: Activating muscles on the side of the bump... more 
Lie on your side with one arm straight under your head, and the other flexed on the ground for support. Raise the top leg. Do 5 reps on each side. Good for: Activating muscles on the side of the bump and helping to burn any surplus fat less 
1 / 7

Windowless Plane Lets You Fly Like SupermanWindowless plane lets you fly with your head in the clouds
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
In this plane, everyone has a window seat. And yet there are no windows.
Instead, this concept plane from the Centre for Process Innovation (CPI) lines the cabin with curved high-definition screens. Cameras mounted on the aircraft's exterior then pipe in video that make it look like the walls are see-through.
Video: A new design envisions an airplane with screens on all sides showing high-def images of the outside, rather than windows. The effect would like floating on air (which is, of course, what you’re doing in a plane).
They're not alone. The CPI plane is one of several manufacturers vying to develop similar aircraft, such as Technicon Design and a  windowless supersonic jet from Spike Aerospace. Don't expect to be boarding one on your next flight to Cleveland; makers say the designs are still 10 years away from taking off.
CPI
And it's not just an eye-boggling gimmick. By doing away with regular windows, which require reinforcement in the fuselage, the airplane's walls can be made thinner, stronger and more light-weight. 
In transport, any kind of weight reduction can translate to fuel savings and, ultimately, maybe even cheaper ticket prices. Now there's a view worth seeing.
Tags:

Innovators run into regulatory hurdlesJune 5, 2014 5:08 pm
Innovators run into regulatory hurdles
By Paul Solman
©AP
Would you drive an electric car? That is the question budding auto entrepreneurs have been battling for years.
But having finally won over consumers, companies are now facing new, regulatory hurdles. Tesla Motors , founded by serial entrepreneur Elon Musk , may have won a loyal following but it has run into opposition in its home market, with the states of Texas, Arizona and New Jersey blocking its moves to sell direct to consumers and bypass conventional dealerships.
Tesla is far from alone. By their nature, innovative ideas threaten the status quo, while start-up companies often feel overburdened by regulations. Last year, for example, the EY G20 Entrepreneurship Barometer, published by EY, the professional services firm, revealed that 38 per cent of entrepreneurs would like a channel to voice concerns on business regulations.
Other tech innovations that have run into regulatory issues recently include Airbnb, the website that allows users to let rooms and houses to holidaymakers, and Uber, the cab hailing app. While both ventures have proved popular with consumers worldwide, local lawmakers have been less welcoming. Uber, for example, is facing a court battle in London and has been banned in Brussels .
FT Video Archive
Elon Musk: from electric cars to Mars
Nov 2012: SpaceX founder talks to John Gapper and Daniel Garrahan about electric cars and putting people on Mars
“These digital disrupters are reshaping markets, and therefore regulations have to change,” says Julie Meyer, chief executive of Ariadne Capital, a venture capital firm that focuses on the technology sector.
“The role of the entrepreneur in society is to think deeply and come up with ideas about how best to organise the product-market fit – and then regulation catches up. Every so often regulation doesn’t catch up fast enough.”
For most entrepreneurs, regulatory considerations come a poor second to developing a truly innovative idea. Mr Musk of Tesla Motors, for example, has a record of challenging accepted wisdom. His other ventures include SpaceX, the private space travel group, and co-founding the PayPal online payments service.
“Entrepreneurs tend to be subversive people,” says Ms Meyer. “It’s a gross generalisation, but they don’t always respect the establishment, because they see a solution and they feel compelled to bring it to market – that’s entrepreneurial ego.”
Still, many businesses believe governments could do more to create a supportive environment for entrepreneurs – one where they feel less hampered by legislation and red tape.
According to the EY report, only 15 per cent of entrepreneurs say their country has a culture that fully supports entrepreneurship. Saudi Arabia is ranked most supportive, and the government’s help for start-ups includes dedicated centres for entrepreneurs to complete administrative tasks such as registering for social security insurance and tax.
Canada, which has developed an online permit and licence process for entrepreneurs and a business registry computer programme, is second. South Korea is third and the UK fourth. The EU as a whole comes in 10th, and the US 13th.
The trick is achieving a balance between encouraging innovation and protecting consumers.
Tesla points out that it is not circumventing dealers. “We’ve never used franchise dealers. From the beginning, we’ve sold our cars directly to customers,” the company says. “Electric cars are a relatively new technology, meaning some consumer education is required. Dealers generally aren’t interested in investing in the time it takes to educate themselves and customers for what will amount to a small number of sales each year.”
How can entrepreneurs raise finance to expand a business?
Join an FT Twitter chat @FTmanagement using #FTentrepreneurs
on Friday 6 June 1430 GMT
It adds: “States that are blocking Tesla’s direct sales model are impeding consumer freedom of choice and acting in direct opposition to the very concept of a free market, a key American ideal.”
David Cobb, technology partner at Deloitte, the professional services firm, says: “Changes to regulations need careful thought. With technology innovations, it’s always important to protect the privacy of individuals, so governments need to strike a delicate balance.
“I think governments are keen to help businesses and do understand the need to support entrepreneurs. But laws are put in place to manage things as they are now; they struggle when they have to deal with technologies that were not envisaged.”
A case in point is the fate of digital assets when the owner dies. The law in most US states and much of Europe has a long way to go to catch up with the 21st-century trend to live and work online.
Ms Meyer believes the solution may lie in further technological innovation.
“We need to move to a more direct democracy where we can get feedback in a direct way from consumers,” she says. Citing the low voter turnout in the recent European elections , she says: “There ought to be in the year 2014 a way to have more people online voting, not just voting for politicians but for the kinds of behaviours and services that they want to see.”
In the meantime, both Ms Meyer and Mr Cobb believe that, rather than worrying about regulatory issues, entrepreneurs need to be free to concentrate on what they do best.
“Governments don’t produce innovation, entrepreneurs do,” says Ms Meyer. “Entrepreneurs change the barriers of how things happen. Then the authorities have to determine whether they have gone a little bit too far or whether it is acceptable.”
“Many experienced entrepreneurs who have worked in industry, will understand the legal implications,” adds Mr Cobb. “But disruptive technologies often progress because entrepreneurs plough on regardless and aim to sort out the legal issues later.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

8 high-speed stocks you don t want to chaseSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Some stocks are racing so fast they are blowing past passing pros’ guesses of what they’re worth. That’s what makes them dangerous.
There are eight stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including utilities like Consolidated Edison (ED) , biotech Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) and railroad CSX (CSX) that are in a fast track of their own. All these stocks are up 10% or more over the past 30 days, up this year and have already blasted past the 18-month price target of analysts.
Investors are wise to closely monitor stocks that get ahead of themselves during market volatility. When investors are shuffling their portfolios around — as they have done during October — they tend to overdo the shifts and push valuations up excessively in spots. Finding those pockets of overvaluation is handy especially when markets shift in another direction.
And one thing’s for sure. The market’s volatility during October definitely sent investors running for the safety of utilities. These stocks are favorites when the economy gets rocky, thanks to their stable cash flow, predictable dividends and steady growth.
Take the example of Consolidated Edison, which provides electric and gas to New York City and the much of the surrounding area. This stock is racing so fast — it’s up 11% over the past 30 days — to $62.52. There’s nothing wrong with speed — to a limit. The trouble is that stock is already 7.6% past analysts’ 18-month price target of $58.11. No wonder analysts give this stock a “hold” rating, which is actually a sell in Wall Street speak.
It’s a similar situation with other utilities, like Wisconsin Energy (WEC) and TECO (TE) . Analysts have slapped “hold” ratings on both of these stocks as they race up 13.7% and 11.9% respectively over the past 30 days and past price targets.
Certainly, it’s very possible that analysts are playing it too safe with their price targets. These price targets might move higher if these stocks keep racing ahead as analysts try to catch up with the market. Biotech Regeneron, working on treatments for a number of conditions is up 13% over the past 30 days at $405.60. That’s 4% beyond analysts’ price target. Even so, the average analyst rates the stock “outperform.”
The fact is — these are the stocks moving so fast they’re turning into a blur. Do you really want to try and chase them?
S&P 500 STOCKS UP YEAR-TO-DATE, UP 10% OR MORE PAST 30 DAYS AND TRADING ABOVE 18-MONTH PRICE TARGETS
Company

IBM adds $5 bn to share buyback programIBM adds $5 bn to share buyback program
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 11.00PM IST
IBM Corp said its board had approved a $5 billion share buyback in addition to the $1.4 billion remaining from its existing program
ET SPECIAL:
IBM Corp said its board had approved a $5 billion share buyback in addition to the $1.4 billion remaining from its existing program.
The company has been criticized for pursuing buybacks at the expense of investment in new technology.
IBM spent $13.5 billion to repurchase stock in the first nine months of the year, more than double its net income.

Searching for answers and patterns after the Seattle-area school shootingBy Mark Berman October 28 Follow @markberman
Tribal members played drums and sang songs in a gymnasium as students and parents gathered to support each other following a deadly shooting by a popular Washington state high school student. (AP)
The teenager who opened fire in his high school cafeteria last week, killing two people and injuring three others before taking his own life, did not seem to meet the stereotypical image that we often ascribe to the people who carry out these shootings. After shootings in California , Colorado , Maryland , Connecticut and Washington state in recent years, the picture that emerged was of a disturbed young man seeking to avenge some perceived injustice; in some cases, there were warning signs for months or years, while in other situations the clues were only visible in hindsight.
Those shootings, though, generally involved loners who fired at random, seeking to kill as many people as possible. Jaylen Fryberg, the 15-year-old identified by authorities as the shooter who attacked fellow students at Marysville-Pilchuck High School outside Seattle, was regarded as a popular, happy teen, who was a homecoming prince and a football player, one who belonged to the Tulalips Tribes , a prominent group in the Snohomish County region.
He did not attack at random, police say. Instead, he texted five friends  – two of them his cousins – and invited them to lunch, Snohomish County Sheriff Ty Trenary  said , shooting them when they had gathered at the lunch table. A motive remains unclear, Trenary said. “I don’t know that the ‘why’ is something we can provide,” he said during a news conference . So it is difficult, right now, to conclusively say how this particular shooting relates to the larger epidemic of violence that seems to periodically erupt with gun violence in our schools , universities , movie theaters , shopping malls and beachfront towns .
However, there are ways that this shooting does fit a pattern that has emerged over the years. The FBI recently released a study of 160 “active shooter” incidents in the United States between 2000 and 2013. (“Active shooter” incidents involve a person armed with firearms trying to kill others in “a confined and populated area,” according to the FBI’s definition .) The study did not cover every type of gun violence — ignoring, for instance, accidental shootings or gang-related shootings — but it covered a range of these situations.
While we still don’t know why the shooting occurred (nor if any explanation will truly suffice), we do know that these gunmen frequently target their friends and loved ones. Nearly one in 10 active shooting situations studied by the FBI involved gunmen — and they were almost exclusively male — targeting family members. (And one in 10 of these incidents involved shooters going after current or former wives or girlfriends.)
Almost a quarter of these shootings occurred at schools, the second-most common environment after businesses. Shootings in schools, though, “account for some of the higher casualty counts,” the study noted. And most of these shootings in high schools and middle schools involved students at the schools. The shootings that involved businesses tended to involve current or former employees, something we saw just last month with the shooting at a UPS facility in Alabama.
But during other situations, the locations were “less significant than the victims targeted,” the study said, as gunmen targeted family members or girlfriends. We often hear about the shootings where a gunman opens fire in a mall or movie theater to wreak havoc, killing strangers with whom their lives only briefly intersected, but very often, the people targeted are some of those closest to the gunmen.
Perhaps most worrisome, the FBI study indicates that such incidents are happening more frequently. The study found that that the number of active shooting situations had increased in recent years, going from 6.4 such incidents each year from 2000 to 2006 before more than doubling to 16.4 incidents each year from 2007 through 2013.
These shootings spanned the country, occurring in 40 states and the District of Columbia, and they ultimately left 486 people dead (not including the shooters) and 557 people wounded (which included injuries other than gunshots, like being cut by shattered glass during such a situation). They draw our attention to the horror at this school or that shopping center, leaving permanent scars on the psyches of the communities and people involved, even as our eyes are drawn to the next shooting, the next spree, as we look for anyone who can provide the “why.”
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Suicide note mentions name responsible fordeathPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:46 am
A note found near the body of hotelier Ajay Chordia (48), who prima facie committed suicide on Monday,  mentions the name of a person who “should be held responsible” for his suicide, police have said. The officers added that the name happens to be that of a government officer who served in Pimpri Chinchwad area in the past.
Chordia, chairman and managing director of Panchshil Hotels Ltd was found dead, his body hanging on the 12th floor of Double Tree Hilton hotel in Chinchwad on Monday afternoon. Police said a note
was found near the body and primary investigation pointed to suicide.
Additional commissioner of police Prakash Mutyal said, “The note we found mentions the name of a person and says he is responsible for the suicide.
The latter part of the note is addressed to his family members and has more of an emotional tone. We are probing the matter further.”
According to police sources, the note says the person he named ruined his life and no one else is responsible for the suicide.
A senior police officer, who did not wish to be named, said, “The name mentioned in the note happens to be of a senior government officer who served in Pimpri-Chinchwad in the past. At this stage in the probe, we cannot say for sure if Chordia was referring to that officer or someone else with the same name. Probe into this is on.”
Chordia’s last rites were performed on Tuesday afternoon at Vaikunth crematorium in Navi Peth.
Chordia is survived by parents Ishwardas and Nirmala, wife Monica, son Prateek, daughter Priyanka and brothers Atul and Sagar.
The funeral of Ajay Chordia was attended by politicians and industrialists in large numbers. Former Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan, Jay Pawar, son of former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, and other politicians were present.
Among the industrialists, managing director of Bajaj Finserv Sanjeev Bajaj, Emcure CEO Satish Mehta and others attended the funeral.
Many hoteliers and realtors  had come from Mumbai to attend the last rites of Chordia.

CM Akhilesh Yadavs claim on Metro may fallflatE Sreedharan at a meeting with Lucknow Metro officials in Lucknow on Tuesday. (Source: IE photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Lucknow | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:44 am
IN WHAT could belie Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav’s promise to start the Lucknow Metro before the Assembly polls in 2017, Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation’s (LMRC) chief advisor E Sreedharan Tuesday said the metro will begin operations three years from the date of construction, or around October 2017, well after the Assembly polls.
“I wish to express my satisfaction that at our current rate, we will be able to complete the first section of Lucknow metro and make it operational within three years from the month of beginning of construction; the construction has started this month,” Sreedharan said in a press conference Tuesday. “In 24 months, we will hopefully complete the civil works and the trials will start by December 2016,” he said.
Hence, the metro is unlikely to become operational by the time UP goes to polls in 2017, which will take place in the months of February and March if they are held as per schedule.
In the meantime, the state government led by the CM himself is leaving no stone unturned to market its achievements and in many of his public addresses, the CM has repeatedly cited Lucknow metro among the government’s top achievements; in Lucknow, there are hoardings at many places with CM’s photo claiming that Lucknow metro will be operational by December 2016.
Sreedharan also met UP Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan Tuesday and said a financial plan is being chalked out for the next financial year. “We are also actively pursuing foreign funding, be it from France, Japan or Europe,” he said. He also informed that Director, Finance has been appointed and is awaiting LMRC Board’s formal nod of approval. “Within two months’ time the minimum working team will be in place,” he said, adding that “we are also ready to shift to new office (in administrative block of Ambedkar Smarak in Lucknow).”
Reacting to UP Governor’s apprehensions whether Lucknow metro will begin operations as per its schedule, Sreedharan said that “Mumbai took time because it was a different private organisation (which was responsible for construction); here we have a vast experience of Delhi metro,” he said. UP governor Ram Naik had cited the delay in Mumbai metro behind his apprehensions over Lucknow metro.

BMW accident: Gagans family  NGO demand FIR againstAtulDeepak Nagpal, brother-in-law of Gagandeep, with other relatives at the press conference in Ludhiana on Tuesday. (Express photo by Gurmeet Singh)
By: Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:56 am
The family of accident victim Gagandeep Sharma and Kamaljeet Soi, chairman, Road Safety Council running NGO Raahat for accident victims, on Tuesday demanded registration of an FIR against Atul Bansal.
Atul was allegedly driving his BMW at a speed of 160 km/hour and street racing when it hit the trees and two of his childhood friends — Gagan and Rajat Dua — died in Sarabha Nagar. The car broke into two pieces and body parts of both the deceased were scattered on the road.
Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Deepak Nagpal, brother-in-law of Gagandeep, said Facebook posts of Atul were enough to prove that he used to perform stunts on the road and that day also he tried to skid the car, the marks of which were visible on the spot.
Nagpal alleged that the police were deliberately not conducting any medical examination of Atul to know if he was drunk or not.
The aggrieved family also alleged the police harassed them when they tried to get the body. “The police had not completed the documents for conducting a post-mortem till Sunday afternoon despite repeated calls,” he said.
“A visit to the spot shows that within 100 metres there is a Red Cross Bal Bhawan (orphanage), a slum area and Deepak Hospital. The crash would have been more deadly had it hit any of the mentioned places.
Even then it claimed two young innocent lives leaving their families bereaved. We demand that an FIR be lodged against Atul Bansal immediately for putting so many lives in danger,” said Soi, from NGO Raahat. He also sent a letter to the police commissioner in this regard.

After weeks of watching  Hawaii lava nearshomeA river of asphalt-black lava was within meters of a home in a Big Island community on Tuesday.
By: Associated Press | Honolulu | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:52 am
A river of asphalt-black lava was within meters of a home in a Big Island community on Tuesday, after weeks of slow, stop-and-go movement.
The lava crackled and smoked as it advanced toward the two-story structure in Pahoa Village, smothering an expanse of vegetation.
Residents of the small town have had weeks to prepare for what’s been described as a slow-motion disaster. Most have either already left or are prepared to go when necessary.
County officials are making arrangements for those living in the lava’s path to be able to watch the lava destroy their homes as a means of closure.
“You can only imagine the frustration as well as … despair they’re going through,” Hawaii County Civil Defense Director Darryl Oliveira said.
The lava was about 70 yards (64 meters) from a home Monday evening, officials said. County officials have warned those with respiratory problems to stay indoors because of the smoke.
Over the weekend, the lava crossed a road in Pahoa Village, considered a main town in the island’s rural Puna district. It was getting dangerously close to Pahoa Village Road, which goes straight through downtown.
The flow advanced about 275 yards (250 meters) from Sunday morning to Monday morning, moving northeast at about 10 to 15 yards (10 to 15 meters) per hour. At other times, the lava slowed to about 2 yards (2 meters) per hour or sped up to about 20 yards (20 meters) per hour, depending on topography, said Janet Babb, a spokeswoman for the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory.
Scientists began warning the public about the lava on Aug. 22. At the time, residents were cleaning up from a tropical storm that made landfall over the Puna district, toppling trees and knocking out electricity.
No one knows if the lava flow will stop, change direction or hit homes.
In the 1990s, about 200 homes were destroyed by lava flows from Kilauea.
The last evacuations from the volcano came in 2011. One home was destroyed and others were threatened before the lava changed course.

In line with UGC advisory  AU to test students onPatelPrint
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:50 am
Apart from organising a ‘run for unity’, essay competitions and administering a pledge to students, the Allahabad University will also hold a test on Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel — with 50 objective questions  — a day before his birthday will be observed on October 21 as ‘National Unity Day’ for the first time.
The decision is in line with a recent prodding by University Grants Commission (UGC) to commemorate the Iron Man’s birth anniversary.
Prof H K Sharma of the AU, who is coordinator for the Sardar Patel Jayanti Samaroh, said: “The UGC had suggested that, apart from panel discussions and symposium, other activities may be planned. The test is our initiative. The questions will be from the life and times of Sardar Patel. ”
Prof Sharma added: “The test  is open to the entire univesrity. The participants can also register for the essay competition. It is just to whet their appetite for more information on Sardar Patel.”
While the marks obtained would not be added to any examination score, the set-up would be no less than a proper test. “We will have the proctor, researchers and some teachers acting as invigilators. Entry would be through ID cards only. There would be negative marking also, with one mark deducted for every wrong answer. We are planning to hand over books related to Sardar Patel as prizes,” said Prof Sharma.
“Patel is known in popular perception only in terms of Kashmir, Junagadh and Hyderabad. The test will help students gather more information about other aspects of his life,” said Prof Sharma.
A senior AU professor recalled that when the then HRD Minister had declared that the birth anniversary of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad as National Education Day on November 11 in 2008, we had organised an essay competition. “Many students got confused and wrote about former President A P J Abdul Kalam. We then told students about Maulana Azad,” he said.
Prizes to winners of the ‘test’ and essay competition would be distributed in the main function on October 31.
The essay competition would focus on ‘contribution of Sardar Patel in nation building’. A few other programmes like poster competition, poems and speeches would be held by the Education Department, in addition to the University’s main programme, which is being coordinated by the Political Science Department.
Similar arrangements are being made in BHU for the National Unity Day. A ‘run for unity’, march past by the NCC, exhibition of books on and writings by Sardar Patel will be held there.

Devendra a self-made man  state is in good hands  says hisuncleBalasaheb Fadnavis (extreme left) says his nephew’s leadership skills were evident from school and college days
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:49 am
The phone at the house of 78-year-old Balasaheb Fadnavis has not stopped ringing after his nephew’s name flashed on television as the one who will be the new chief minister of the state. Balasaheb and his wife Rekha are proud of  Devendra Fadnavis.
He said his leadership skills were evident from school and college days when he would win debates. “The state is in good hands. Deven is thorough about any subject and does a detailed study of all subjects. We always knew he would grow in the party and after his name was announced we are extremely happy,” say the couple.
A retired banker, Balasaheb Fadnavis said he was a year younger to Devendra’s father Gangadhar and the family stayed in Nagpur till the brothers moved out for their study and careers. “Deven is a swayambhu or self-made and deserves appreciation for his efforts and his work for the party. His vision will come across,’’ says Balasaheb.
Having joined RSS in his childhood, Devendra was affected when his father late Gangadhar was jailed during Emergency and as a child decided he did not want to study in a convent school to oppose Congress regime, his uncle recalls. He went on to do his MA in political science and LLB and business management and his uncle says he was a topper all the time.
“If he participated in any event in school or college he would not come back without a shield and his commitment and sincerity were a plus point,” he said.
The couple feels he would fulfill his responsibility with sincerity. “Politics to him is an instrument to bring socio-economic change in lives of people,” he said.
From the youngest corporator of Nagpur Municipal Corporation at the age of 22 and the youngest mayor at 27, he will be the second youngest chief minister of Maharashtra at 44. Sharad Pawar is the youngest CM the state had, and was 38 when he became CM in 1978.
Party leaders and close friends are elated. A close friend who has worked with him in the ABVP and is eight years his senior Dr Sunil Deshpande, a banker, says he is commitment personified. “If he decides on something and commits to it he will be after it,” says Deshpande, who was with him in Nagpur too. His can give an insight into any topic as he is well read, adds Deshpande.
Western region convenor of BJP Prof Shripad Dekhane says he is a man of vision and in the recent campaign had spelt out his vision for Pune that focussed on traffic and garbage treatment.
New Shivajinagar MLA Vijay Kale calls him a good human being and a committed worker. Corporator Hemant Rasne said he always supported good work and attended functions in Pune. ‘He is down continued…

Unmanned Orbital Sciences Corp. Antares Rocket Explodes on LaunchRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Shaped By Steely ResolveThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Suspicious cyber activity at White House detected  addressedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SoftBank stake in SnapdealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxys Q2 profit at Rs 478 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cabinet may take up plan to liberalise FDI in construction sectorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US-based Brillio buys Indian Data Analytics start-up MarketelligentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil deal with Vietnam irks ChinaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

For now none.we will see some correction in price. invest in als...IT stocks and Future Growth Prospect:
There is a say " Diamond is forever"
Because it is rare and have great hardness and transparency as quality.Similarly IT is stable.Future is gonna be full of IT.From house to your Fridge , TV and almost every aspect.I am 38 year old now.I rememeber my first phone which I bought Europe , it was almost 415 gram large Motorolla phone, Similar to Satelltie phone`s of today even they look smaller.From there today phones have changed.Similarly  a desktop and my laptop.Today we have choice to own a SAMSUNG GalaxyNote  edge or Apple`s iPhone 6.From Presg star button to lock and unlock to gerpt tech.From Large slow noisy desktop to tablet era tgs have changed.Most of the organisations and countries are adopg new method and tech.
Reach ofternet is another big tg which has help create multiple multibillion MNC`s.
When we just use to read books and had to carry bag full of research material pt and copy and few round to library to d appropriate journal search of relevant material.Today all we have to do it Google and g it.Even portals are specified to narrow searches.
Internet have changed the world forever.When we look at advancement of such tech sometimes I wonder at the fact that perhaps we human are most developed species the Universe.As our reach is nowtergalactic.
Rightom lig room to school to our office and place of entertment and recreation IT is every where.So anybody who doubt it or its future are simply FOOL.
However what is noteworthy that ites with riders.In IT space you have tonovate and constantly tk of new tech and upstage a current one else rule of law is either you swim or k.Specially for top players.Ex Nokia and Balckberry and Palm k.
Other options are to be a late ier and path follower as case of many Cese telephone makers they arrive late assemble and borrow tech and jump the market.
allypany who were able toe theirnovation with hardware and software marriage survived and Grew Like Samsung and Apple.
Microsoft is late starter.
Systemtegration, multisystemteroperability and cloud portability are next big tg along with portable and hand held device reach of tech.Today Twitter, facebook and Youtube are prime example.
Not to forget risk tag appetite.Like Mercedes , Google and few others are tg and worg towards Driverless or self driven car.New S class Can park itself after g a place can mt lane, distance and relative spped.It can also read road sign and act relevant.Such Models are all ready market.Such are gamble or vision which pays.
Therefore I am sure IT will grow.
Indianpany and corporate sector needs to have long term vision If we can Makemytrip and Saadi we can also have next twitter or youtube.At hardware arena our contribution is almost Zero.Accorg to an estimate by 2020 -2022 estimated 400 billion USD worth of electronic imports will occur.No gle sector provide such growth opportunity wit 6 years.So there is hugevestment opportunity IT and Electronics are future.
My Reco: Invest cautiously and slowly TCS.

Eveready Industries India59 Followers
Price when posted : BSE: Rs (  % ), NSE: Rs. 191.65 (       3.43 % )
In reply to : kiki chatterjee message
10.23 PM Dec 6th   |   Posted via Mobile

Please give reasons........Repost
Guest
share has given divergence on 14  Qrly &yrly basis with bar reversal on yrly chart.even on kagi has given breakout long time back at24.inthis colam as gust i gave prediction of 360,180.NOW fundamentals are also giving boost that is why 14 fund managers have bought around100.holding good qty from 16.Kindly check&reply.
10.16 PM Oct 30th

Superb results - topline almost equal and even slightly better than l...Anand ji, your critics will irritate u as much as u will react.
hence
Your recation on the comments of your critics is directly proportional to the amount of irritation offered by them to you.
I think that you understood what I am trying to say.
Just smile and be happy sir.
You are the source of wealth for us.
Let them say whatever they want to..
I trust you.

Global markets: asian markets finished mixed as of the most recent clo...Platinum Member
481 Followers
GLOBAL MARKETS: Asian markets finished mixed as of the most recent closing prices. The Shanghai Composite gained 2.07% and the Hang Seng rose 1.63%. The Nikkei 225 lost 0.38%.
4.47 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Modi  moment  constitutionModi has the clear advantage, right now, of the label of “the man can do no wrong”, or perhaps more correctly, “ the man whose wrong is right”.
Written by Salman Khurshid | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:25 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:42 pm
It is quite evident that the Indian electorate wants to give Prime Minister Narendra Modi a chance to fulfil the promises he has made and immense expectations he has created. He has the clear advantage, right now, of the label of “the man can do no wrong”, or perhaps more correctly, “ the man whose wrong is right”. Admittedly, four months in office is too little to pass conclusive judgement, but it is long enough to notice the spots on the skin. He and Amit Shah certainly have an obsession over making Bharat “Congress mukt”, although they have not explained what exactly that means. Is India to have no traces of the Congress left or are they determined to wipe out the party that has ruled for decades, as recently as four months ago? If they have some familiarity with history, they might recall that such things do not happen because someone wants them to happen, and even though their party has come very close to showing signs of visible disappearance, much of what is called the Sangh Parivar thrived during their worst days. Two seats in Parliament, but the Sanghi mindset survived.
The impressive victories of the BJP have popularly been attributed to the changing India and the aspirational generation. It might make more sense to see this as an indication of democracy maturing in our country, with people outgrowing their infant attachments and inclined to explore options and opportunities. Hard as it might be for us in the Congress, both to understand and bear it, objectively, it cannot by itself be detrimental to the polity. Indeed, the logical forward movement along the path of maturity would be the ultimate defeat of Modi at the end of the present term of five years, stamping a coming of age for Indian democracy. He may think, and some friends and foes of the Congress might too easily and credulously believe, that the present dispensation is for a decade. But that is wishful thinking. Administering Gujarat was like working in controlled laboratory conditions that cannot be replicated in the entire country, no matter that Maharashtra and Haryana have fallen to the domino effect. We are too complex a country and our challenges are too complicated to be susceptible to simplistic solutions.
“Development” and “governance” is the mantra Modi and his party spokespersons incessantly mouth on television screens and at public functions. There is just a credulous assumption that all of that was proved in Gujarat, although experts who study the state closely tell another tale entirely. No one can seriously question the two objectives but it is important continued…

The Afghan peace prizeI have seen Pakistanis and Indians working together in Afghanistan — from partnerships in small ventures to big projects.
Written by Hamid Mir | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:14 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 8:46 am
Philosopher and poet Muhammad Iqbal had once explained the geostrategic position of Afghanistan in a Persian poem: Asia is comparable to a living body. The heart that beats inside the body is one of the homeland of Afghans. The destruction of Afghans would be the destruction of Asia. In their (Afghans’) progress and prosperity lies the wellbeing of Asia.
This idea leaves room to explore Iqbal’s thinking if one would want to discover the future of Asia. It would begin with an in-depth insight into the past and present of Afghanistan and its neighbouring states. Some important events that took place in the last two decades in this region could be useful.
Whenever the origins of the Taliban will be dug up, their creation will date back to the middle of the last decade of the 20th century — 1994, to be precise. At that time, Pakistan backed the Afghan Taliban and an American oil company, Unocal, financed the Talibs to convert their militia into its “pipeline police”. India was then supporting the Northern Alliance and thus, Iqbal’s “heart” of Asia was polluted with regional and international bacteria, thus depriving the Afghan homeland of the fulfilment of Iqbal’s prophecy.
By: C R Sasikumar
The last decade of the 20th century, particularly 1999, brought upon us the Kargil War and created further tension between Pakistan and India. This time, the Mullah Omar-led Taliban regime openly supported Pakistan against India. This conflict led to regime change in Pakistan. A few weeks later, an Indian plane was hijacked, and that drama ended in Afghanistan with the release of three Pakistani and Kashmiri militants. This was followed by al-Qaeda’s attacks in New York and Washington DC on 9/11, which not only brought Afghanistan upfront on the world map but also created tumultuous changes inside that country. The Taliban were pushed out of Kabul, which hardly made a difference to their strength. The toughest war in history had begun.
The bottomline would always be the hurtful truth — the war itself never brought an ounce worth of peace. Rather, the double games played by regional and international powers created more terror and extremism. Osama bin Laden was killed, but Mullah Omar is still at large and now busy in indirect talks with the US. Al-Qaeda is far from being dismantled.
In a recent development, Ayman al-Zawahiri announced on September 4, 2014 the establishment of a South Asian franchise of al-Qaeda, led by Maulana Asim Umar. Asim is an Indian citizen. He spent the last couple of years with the Taliban and al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. Now he is a threat to not only India and Afghanistan but also continued…

He imagined a different AustraliaE. Gough Whitlam 1916 -2014. (Source: Reuters)
Posted: October 28, 2014 1:19 am
By: Bruce Grant
Australia’s 21st prime minister, Edward Gough Whitlam, has been celebrated in his country since his death on October 20, aged 98, with an emotion that, in India, would place him somewhere between Jawaharlal Nehru and Mohandas Gandhi. Yet, he was prime minister for less than three years.
One reason for the unusual display of feeling is martyrdom. On November 11, 1975, the Whitlam government was dismissed by the governor general, John Kerr, in a high-handed use of vice regal “reserve powers”. Malcolm Fraser, the beneficiary of Kerr’s intervention, later made peace with Whitlam, but the role of the governor general in “the dismissal” still reverberates in Australia’s political culture.
But perhaps the more substantial reason is that Whitlam asked his country to be different — to relinquish its role as an outpost of the British Empire and Western Christendom and to offer itself as a modern, multicultural democracy in a region embracing the two great oceans, the Indian and the Pacific. Australians of all political persuasions know now that this was a profoundly important judgement, but when Whitlam took office in 1972, it was original and controversial. The conservatives had been in power under Robert Menzies since shortly after World War II and, while shrewd and pragmatic in coming to terms with what President Sukarno of Indonesia called “the new emerging forces” in his country and the region, clung to what they knew and admired, which was the British inheritance, now buttressed by the military alliance with the United States.
Whitlam’s vision of a different Australia began when he was leader of the opposition and was dramatised by an early visit to China, in recognition of the communist government. After becoming prime minister, he quickly established Australia’s new credentials by visiting Indonesia and India. When I came to India in 1973 as Australia’s high commissioner, it was obvious that the new Australia was welcome politically. The media also responded. I have on my wall at home a drawing by Abu Abraham showing Whitlam astride Australia paddling on a sea-marked “Discovery of Asia 1973” and accompanied by doves of peace.
Whitlam’s appointment of a non-professional diplomat to India, which had attracted high-ranking officials like James Plimsoll and Arthur Tange, was part of his big-picture view of Australia and Asia. His reasons for making a personal appointment were essentially two. He felt that India, a great democracy, had been neglected by previous Australian prime ministers because of its “neutrality” in the Cold War. Second, while he was confident that our relations with Indonesia and Japan were so central to our trade, defence and foreign policies concerns that they would not be upset by our new China policy, he could not be so sure of India. He hoped that a personal appointment would allay any misgivings and underline our intention to have a broad-based foreign policy.
One of the delights of the Whitlam continued…

A holy journey to Kailash-MansarovarBigg Boss 8
Kailash Manasarovar – The Ultimate Pilgrimage
Mount Kailash and Manasarovar Lake have exerted their pull on the hearts and minds of spiritual seekers for aeons. What is it like to visit this hallowed place? Find out
By Yahoo! India Travel
Yahoo Lifestyle/ThinkStock - Stupas, with the north face of Mount Kailash in background
By Tina J
Dark, tall and distinctive, Mount Kailash rises above the Tibetan landscape about a hundred kilometers from the Indo-Tibetan border. Since time immemorial, this mountain and the nearby lake Manasarovar have exerted a pull on the minds and hearts of India’s spiritual seekers. The high altitude, unpredictable weather and rough terrain are barely a deterrent for ardent devotees, who, according to tradition, have been making this journey for 12,000 years.
Today, thanks to the oddball ironies of international politics, Kailash actually lies outside India, in China. And so, an already demanding pilgrimage can turn into a lottery of sorts thanks to the vagaries of Chinese visa policies. A traveller has to either try his luck through the Indian government for a shot at one of 1,080 visas issued for travel from India, or apply for a visa through a tour group, and travel to Tibet from Nepal.
I took the second option, and after a berserk shopping spree buying woolen sweaters, socks, raingear, thermal innerwear and trekking shoes (absolute essentials on this trip), flew into Kathmandu. I was put up in the Soaltee hotel for my two-night stay, and since I had been forewarned that this would be my last chance for a decent shower during the trip, I made full use of the tub and hot water!
After crossing the Nepal-China Friendship Bridge that spans the Sun Kosi River, and going through the routine yet always-uncomfortable process of entering a new country, I was in Tibet. Almost immediately, our little tour group set off in vans and headed out into the Tibetan wild.
Lake Manasarovar
There is something almost unearthly about the Tibetan plateau. Emerald blue lakes are bordered by sand dunes that jostle for space with rolling hillsides, and towering grey peaks rim the seemingly infinite horizon. No tree, bird, bush or anything else breaks this surreally beautiful expanse. It is the epitome of remoteness – a true land of the nomad.
After a day’s travel, we reached Saga, a military station that sprawls along the banks of the Brahmaputra River. Saga was the town where high-altitude sickness really struck me. Nausea and dull waves of pain rolled mercilessly through my body, and my stomach seemed to think the slightest excuse would do to throw up. Thankfully, a combination of yoga, altitude-sickness pills and determination saw me through this troublesome time, and we set off to Paryang, the last overnight stop before Lake Manasarovar.
Paryang is barely even a town. It has a few shanties and one large concrete building that served as our stay for the night. There were no toilets that could be considered even remotely hygienic, so calls of nature were answered in the embrace of heaven and earth, with the stars above keeping us company!
The journey began next morning. A few hours’ drive later, we arrived at Manasarovar. The pristine water under the clear blue sky presented an image worthy of a National Geographic cover. The blue-green lake was circled by immense snow-capped mountains in varying hues of blue and grey, and the space – endless, serene and mysterious – was simply overwhelming. No wonder so many myths and legends abound about this celestial lake. It is said that many masters and sages chose Manasarovar’s banks to impart the mystic sciences to their disciples.
The next day, a short drive deposited us close to Kailash, which had as yet chosen not to reveal its face, masking itself in cloud. We began to trek the eight kilometers around the base to get to our overnight stay at the foot of the sacred peak. Kailash is said to have four faces, one for each cardinal direction, and as we approached the North Face, in a glorious moment, the overcast sky opened up and the clouds parted, revealing the sacred peak decked with white snow that shone under golden sunlight.
Towards evening, after a slow walk punctuated by altitude sickness and protesting limbs, we reached our stay area. By now, the mountain seemed to hold me riveted and I couldn’t take my eyes off it. The huge peak, the remoteness of the surroundings, and the tiring trek somehow left me feeling completely free with nowhere to go and nothing to do, and I felt like I had dissolved something within myself.
The following day, as we were returning, I saw three Tibetans making the journey around Kailash. With each step, they prostrated on the ground in reverence to the mountain. They seemed to care little for food, water or shelter. So immersed were they in their devotion. Seeing them gave me an idea of what pilgrimage truly means. It signifies man’s quest for the ultimate and his search for freedom from all bondage.
Tina J is a traveller and spiritual seeker. She seeks to contribute towards creating a more humane society and a future where human beings can coexist peacefully with each other
ALSO READ

How to add a pop of colour to any outfitPrev Next
A monochrome look is classic and safe, but it is always nice to add some colour to your look. By adding a pop of colour, boring outfits can be given an interesting and bright twist. What’s more? With different trendy ideas and different colours you can end up repeating the outfit without anyone ever getting to know it is the same. Now, doesn’t that sound perfect, ladies? So, we bring to you a variety of ways in which you can avoid looking too ... more 
A monochrome look is classic and safe, but it is always nice to add some colour to your look. By adding a pop of colour, boring outfits can be given an interesting and bright twist. What’s more? With different trendy ideas and different colours you can end up repeating the outfit without anyone ever getting to know it is the same. Now, doesn’t that sound perfect, ladies? So, we bring to you a variety of ways in which you can avoid looking too plain along with fitting your workspace or a special occasion perfectly. less 

Here s bankers  take on financial inclusionOct 28, 2014, 10.33 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here's bankers' take on financial inclusion
With Narendra Modi government's focus on banking for all, with the launch of the Jan Dhan Yojana, financial inclusion is indeed on top of the mind of bankers across the country. CNBC-TV18s Surabhi Upadhyay and Radhika Dave talk to bankers and policy makers to find out what this new government initiative means for them.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here's bankers' take on financial inclusion
With Narendra Modi government's focus on banking for all, with the launch of the Jan Dhan Yojana, financial inclusion is indeed on top of the mind of bankers across the country. CNBC-TV18s Surabhi Upadhyay and Radhika Dave talk to bankers and policy makers to find out what this new government initiative means for them.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
With Narendra Modi government's focus on banking for all, with the launch of the Jan Dhan Yojana, financial inclusion is indeed on top of the mind of bankers across the country. CNBC-TV18s Surabhi Upadhyay and Radhika Dave talk to bankers and policy makers to find out what this new government initiative means for them.
Financial inclusion or bringing the unbanked into the banking world has been an ongoing effort in our country. The recent steps outlined by the government to unveil the ambitious Jan Dhan Yojana scheme that envisages two bank accounts for every household will indeed transform the economic profiles of millions of 'unbanked' people in the country. So, is financial inclusion, a cost or an opportunity?
Arun Tiwari, CMD, Union Bank of India, said, "It is a vast opportunity, and the way it has been rolled out with army like preparation, end to end, I definitely see that there are results. For us, it's a long term investment.
Indeed, this move will bring another 15 crore people into the banking stream. Thus, by taking this step, the current government in a single stroke has taken a giant leap in making inclusive growth a reality. Financial inclusion programme will go down as a watershed moment in India's journey to financial independence.
KC Chakrabarty Former Deputy Governor, RBI, said, "Our job is that 30 percent has got, how to make to 50 percent, how to make it 70 percent, how to make it 100 percent.
Well, the next few years hold out great promises for the financial independence of a large population of Indian citizens.
With 5 crore accounts already opened since the launch of the 'Jan Dhan Yojana', it is indeed proving to be a game changer.
CNBC-TV18 deems it opportune to hold the 2nd edition of the Financial Inclusion Agenda Conclave in New Delhi. Nirmala Sitharaman minister of state for commerce, finance & corporate affairs will preside over as the guest of honour.
RELATED NEWS

Revealed: What models really eatBigg Boss 8
Revealed: What models really eat
You'd expect models to follow rigid diets and eat only strictly calorie-counted meals, but their Instagram feeds prove otherwise. While there are a few, like Liu Wen and Doutzen Kroes, who seem to never have a cheat day, but the rest indulge unabashedly every now and then.
- Jerusha Ratnam Chande

AAP  Congress accuse BJP of running away from Assembly election in DelhiAAP, Congress accuse BJP of ‘running away’ from Assembly election in Delhi
Our Bureau/Agencies
Stage set Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay at a press conference in the Capital on Tuesday. PTI
Waiting for LG to invite us, says BJP
New Delhi, October 28:  
The AAP and the Congress on Tuesday attacked the BJP, accusing it of “running away” from fresh elections in Delhi after the Supreme Court rapped the Centre and Delhi Lt Governor over the delay in government formation in the national capital.
With the tables yet again turned on it, the BJP, according to indications, has started preparations to form a minority government. The party, which had 31 seats in the 70-member Assembly, has only 28 representatives at present. By-elections to three seats, vacated by senior BJP MPs Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma, are due.
The BJP’s plans to find support from AAP and Congress legislators have not succeeded. The party, however, is keen to form a minority government which, in all likelihood, will not last long.
Soon after the resignation of the AAP government headed by Arvind Kejriwal, the State BJP had shown keen interest to form the government.
On Tuesday, following the development in the Supreme Court, the BJP said it will take a decision at an appropriate time once the LG invites it to form the government.
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay, however, said the party has not changed its position on government formation. The BJP’s game plan is to face the electorate after ruling for a brief period and focus its campaign towards obtaining absolute majority in the Assembly.
The AAP alleged that the BJP is running away from elections. “The BJP is not confident of winning Assembly elections, that is why they are delaying it. It is playing dirty politics over the issue. If BJP had the magic numbers, it would have formed the government in the national capital,” Kejriwal said. “BJP knows it doesn’t have the numbers... which is why it running away from fresh elections,” he added.
The Congress said the BJP cannot form a government as it does not have the numbers. The party urged the Centre to announce Assembly elections at the earliest. “That is what we were asking for that the LG should take a decision. In order to please his masters at the Centre — Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team — he (Najeeb Jung) was resorting to delaying tactics to give the BJP enough time and opportunity to poach MLAs of other parties,” said AICC general secretary in-charge of Delhi, Shakeel Ahmed.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sitharaman warns against misusing e-commerceSitharaman warns against misusing e-commerce
Vidya Ram
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman with Michael Rake, President of Confederation of British Industry, at India House in London on Monday. PTI
‘Should not become a backdoor entry for multi-brand retail’
London, October 28:  
E-commerce should not be used as a “backdoor entry for multi-brand retail,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Tuesday.
Sitharaman, who is on a two-day visit to London to promote investment in India and the Make in India campaign, told a group of journalists that while the Government “was not pronouncing any policy on e-commerce,” it had made its stance clear. “We are conscious that e-commerce should not become a backdoor entry for multi-brand retail,” she said. “Post the Flipkart one-day issue a lot of inputs have come from concerned citizens, retailers, even from consumers about certain practices.”
No policy
Last week Sitharaman was forced to clarify the Government’s stance on e-commerce, and on Flipkart in particular, following reports that an inquiry was being launched into the Big Billion Day sale. “There is nothing promised on e-commerce,” she said on Tuesday, adding that interpreting her comments about inputs from the public as a sign of new policy or investigation was “stretching it a bit too far.”
Sitharaman was in London for an Institute of Director’s global business meeting on corporate governance and sustainability, meetings with British industry and members of the British government, including Business Secretary Vincent Cable. She also reiterated the Government’s stance on a number of other issues including retrospective taxation, insisting that the approach the Government had taken was the only prudent one that was “forward looking without going down the road of retrospective taxation.”
She said the Government remained very “open minded” on the issue of the Free Trade Agreement with the EU, currently on hold. “It is now for the EU to come back to us and say they would like to proceed on this.”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Vietnam offers two more offshore oil blocks to IndiaVietnam offers two more offshore oil blocks to India
Our Bureau
Boost for ties Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung at a meeting in New Delhi. RAJEEV BHATT
The two countries agree to enhance economic ties
New Delhi, October 28:  
India has been offered two additional offshore oil exploration blocks in Vietnam. In addition, Vietnam has agreed to extend by another two years the opportunity for Indian oil companies to consider the option of exploring another offshore oil field, which was offered to it earlier.
The offers were made at the official level talks between the visiting Vietnam Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Narendra Modi here on Tuesday. This is the second two-year extension that India has got for the oil block. It was first extended in 2012 for two years, which expired earlier this year. Official sources emphasised that the oil blocks offered were in Vietnam waters and were part of the original lot of five blocks which it had offered India some years back.
Following the talks an agreement was inked between ONGC Videsh Ltd and Petrovietnam Exploration Production Corporation Ltd (PVEP) for mutual cooperation for exploration in two blocks 102/10 and 106/10 of PVEP and Block 128 of ONGC Videsh in offshore Vietnam. In addition, ONGC signed a memorandum of understanding with PVEP for mutual cooperation for exploration in the NELP Blocks of ONGC in the Andaman and Cauvery Basins. With the two leaders agreeing that enhancing economic cooperation between the two countries should be pursued as a strategic objective, India extended a $300-million line of credit to expand trade and investment and enhanced Indian participation in energy, infrastructure, textiles, chemicals, machinery, agro-processing and information technology in Vietnam.
The two sides also decided to enhance the bilateral trade target to $15 billion to be achieved by 2020. To facilitate the process, Bank of India was given a licence to set up a bank in Vietnam. Addressing the media, after talks with the visiting dignitary, Modi said Vietnam’s recent decision on infrastructure projects for Indian companies, awarding a banking licence to Bank of India and starting direct air links through Jet Airways and Vietnam Airlines reflect the new momentum in economic relations between the two countries.
The Prime Minister added that India remains committed to the modernisation of Vietnam’s defence and security forces pointing out that this will include expansion of India’s training programme, holding of joint exercises and cooperation in defence equipment. “We will quickly operationalise the $100-million line of credit that will enable Vietnam to acquire new vessels from India,” the Prime Minister said. India has also agreed to increase cooperation in space, including in space applications and launch Vietnam’s satellites.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

India overdoing safeguard action: US  European UnionSay such actions should be used only as an emergency measure
New Delhi, October 28:  
India has initiated the largest number of safeguard actions this year to protect its industry against a surge in imports of products such as iron, filament yarn and non-steel items.
The US and the EU, at a recent meeting of the World Trade Organisation’s (WTO) safeguards committee, expressed concerns about the increasing use of safeguard duties by WTO members, which are to be used only as an emergency measure.
Check on rise in imports
Safeguard duties are imposed on imports to check a steep rise in inflow of products which cause injury to the domestic industry. While fingers were not pointed particularly at India this time, earlier this year the EU had accused the country of not meeting the requirements of the safeguard agreement while launching investigations.
The WTO’s safeguard committee reviewed 36 safeguard actions — wherein penal duties are imposed on imports to stop surge in inflow of particular items — the highest number since 2010, and the third highest number ever.
India notified eight safeguard actions, followed by Indonesia with Five, Colombia with four, and Turkey with three, according to figures made public in the safeguard committee meeting. New Delhi announced that it had terminated two of its safeguard investigations — on PX13 and on non-alloyed ingots of unwrought aluminium — which brought down the total number to six.
Protecting industries
New Delhi, however, doesn’t see anything wrong in being the biggest initiator of safeguard investigations as it had not bent rules. “All countries use safeguard duties to protect their domestic industries. The WTO allows it if it is done according to the rules. If a country has a problem with a particular case, it can always be challenged,” an official in India’s Commerce Ministry told BusinessLine.
The EU urged members to consider using anti-dumping or countervailing duty measures, which target specific countries, before taking a general trade remedy action like safeguards.
India has initiated safeguard investigations this year against items such as sodium citrate, bare elastomeric filament yarn, saturated fatty alcohol, and seamless pipes.
In February, the Finance Ministry imposed safeguard duty of 30 per cent on import of sodium nitrite — a white crystalline powder mostly used in pharmaceuticals, dyes, construction activities and chemical industries.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Rs. 1 lakh each for rain-affected familiesDIPR Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam chairs a meeting at the Secretariat on Tuesday.
This is in addition to Rs. 1.5 lakh paid to each family
Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam on Tuesday announced that families that lost their members in heavy rainfall during the current monsoon would be paid Rs. 1 lakh each from the Chief Minister’s Public Relief Fund.
This would be in addition to Rs. 1.5 lakh paid to each family. So far, 30 persons died in electrocution or lightning and thunder or wall collapse or flashfloods. One hundred and eight head of cattle perished. Those who lost cows/ buffaloes would be paid Rs. 20,000 per cattle head. The assistance for the loss of a goat would be Rs. 2,000 and Rs.200 for a hen. Two hundred and fifty huts were fully damaged, for which Rs. 5,000 would be given. For the 623 huts that suffered partial damage, Rs. 2,500 would be given.
He said Rs. 60 crore would be set apart for road repairs and restoration of ponds. In Chennai, out of the 3,070 potholes on 797 roads, 2,505 were set right.
In other districts, roads to a length of 4,765 km were damaged.
The decisions were taken at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister and attended by senior Ministers and officials.
An official release said the State recorded 20.45 cm of rain against the normal of 15.1 cm, an excess of 35 per cent.

Shares rally on earnings  data; bond prices slip2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Police round up two hospital employees for robbingvictimPrint
By: Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:03 am
Following a complaint from the family of victim Gagandeep Sharma, 26, who along with his friend Rajat Dua died in a road accident in Sarabha Nagar on Saturday night, the police on Tuesday rounded up two class IV employees of Deepak Hospital for allegedly robbing the victims.
The BMW car in which the two victims were travelling along with Atul Bansal, the third friend, had hit the trees and broken into two pieces. Atul was allegedly street racing and the speed was around 160 km/hour.
The police reportedly showed the pictures of the suspects to the kin of Gagandeep who identified one of the suspects as the man who stole Gagan’s gold chain. The police also returned Gagan’s  mobile phones of to his parents  which they found from the spot.
The victim’s mother Renu Sharma who reached the spot after the accident alleged that when Gagan was being shifted to an ambulance of Deepak Hospital, right opposite the accident spot, a guy started removing his gold chain. Since she was in a haste to take his son to hospital, she did not pay heed. She begged the man to first help her save his son and even offered him his gold bangles, but the man forced her to get out of the ambulance.
Sub-Inspector Charan Singh, additional SHO at Sarabha Nagar police station, confirmed that the police were interrogating two employees of hospital for robbing accident victims. He added that a case would be registered after a thorough investigation.

http://usat.ly/1DYghITHow Facebook just blew a great quarter
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 5:33 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Even before Facebook (FB) investors could start celebrating a strong quarter of earnings growth, the company cooled off the party.
During the conference call, the company’s Chief Financial Officer David Wehner cautioned Facebook would be ramping up spending by up to 70% in 2015 and gave disappointing revenue guidance for the fourth quarter. That’s exactly what investors don’t want to hear, especially as they’ve seen how Amazon.com has fallen into the red by making big investments.
Facebook’s caution on how spending might affect future quarters is causing the stock to sell off in afterhours trading. Shares are down 10%. Analysts were expecting Facebook to earn an adjusted $2.04 a share in 2015, up 25% from 2014, says S&P Capital IQ. Revenue was expected to hit $16.6 billion in 2015, up 35% from 2014.
Wehner also said revenue would rise somewhere between 40% and 47% in the fourth quarter, which was slightly below the views of some optimistic analysts. Maintaining revenue growth was going to be challenging in the fourth quarter since it was a year-ago that the company launched its successful initiative to put ads in users’ News Feeds. Revenue soared 63% to $2.6 billion during the fourth quarter of 2013.
Seeing Facebook shares crack in afterhours is a big disappointment for investors — especially right after the company reported an adjusted quarterly profit of 43 cents a share, topping expectations by nearly 5%.
The surprise during the conference call sours a bit what had been a period of triumph for the company that had been ridiculed and doubted since its 2012 over-hyped IPO.
Following another strong quarter of earnings growth — and signs Facebook (FB) is the only company that “gets” mobile — shares had been on fire. Facebook investors are up 356% from early September 2012 when the stock fell to $17.73 on all sorts of talk about the company’s struggles.
So far this year through Tuesday’s close, Facebook’s stock is up 46%, by far the best performer among the social media stocks. Twitter, in comparison, is down 31% this year.
Shares of Facebook gained 49 cents, or 0.6%, to $80.77 during regular trading.
Still, this is far from a faceplant. The company reported quarterly profit of $806 million, up 89% from the year-ago period. Facebook reported 59% higher revenue of $3.2 billion during the period.
And analysts still still the stock moving higher — although not by the degree so far. The average 18-month price target on the stock is $88.26.
We’ll have to see if analysts pull back their estimates based on the company’s latest guidance.

Commercial Supply Rocket Explodes at LiftoffThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Tweak time for realty FDIThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cant let foreign cos enter etail: Nirmala SitharamanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Centre plans new process to appoint top bank staffThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FTC sues AT&T over unlimited data plansFTC sues AT&T over ‘unlimited’ data plans
Gina Chon in Washington and David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8d30bb4-5ecd-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Orbital Sciences drops 15% after rocket explodesOrbital Sciences blows up nearly $300M
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 7:30 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Orbital Sciences (ORB) , the company behind the Antares rocket that exploded late Tuesday , is crashing today.
Shares of the Dulles, Va.-based maker of rockets and space systems are down about $4.72, or 16%, to around $25.65 in midday trading Wednesday. The shares closed up 86 cents, or 2.9%, to $30.37 Tuesday prior to the blast.
Based on the loss Wednesday, the company just lost almost $300 million in market value. Analysts have been somewhat muted on the company’s prospects this year but more bullish for 2015. Analysts are calling for the company’s adjusted profit to rise 7.8% this year, but revenue to be flat at $1.4 billion, says S&P Capital IQ. But the company’s fortunes were expected to pick up in 2015, with revenue rising 12% to $1.5 billion and profit gaining 9.7%.
Shares have been very volatile — but have been mostly headed higher. The stock is up nearly 30% over the past year, topping the broad market’s roughly 13% gain during that time.
No injuries were reported.

Mood Media to host conference call on November 13  2014 to discuss Q3 2014 financial resultsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supreme Court to get foreign account holders list today: Arun JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

In Ebola response  Obama s  czar  stays behind the curtainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fadnavis to take the charge as Maha CM on FridayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Snapdeal gets $627m Japanese dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi: BJP may decline offer to form governmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxy Q2 net at Rs 478 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gm kavi - enjoy maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Other highlights no one time income reported forex gains o...Other highlights
No One Time income reported
Forex gains of 3 Cr almost offset by higher cost of capital to the same tune
Superb Operational level performance, with balance Sheet strengthening
5.23 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Not only the pand l but also the balance sheet has gotten stronger:Not only the Pand L but also the Balance sheet has gotten stronger:
Increase in reserves and Surplus by almost 15 percentage QOQ
Reduction in Long term Debt to the tune of 30 Cr
Significant reduction in Current Liabilities ---- Almost 100 Cr
Almost 10 percentage reduction in Trade Receievables
5.16 AM Oct 29th

Ybrant digital - q2 results out sales 460.19 crores v/s 402.60 crores ...Platinum Member
337 Followers
Ybrant Digital - Q2 Results Out Sales 460.19 crores v/s 402.60 crores (QoQ) Net Profit 82.47 crores v/s 57.75 crores (QoQ)  .. next stop for YD is 100 rs within 1-2 months..
5.16 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Devyani Khobragade episode impact: Junior diplomats in US can t hire maids from IndiaDevyani Khobragade
(Khobragade, former Indian…)
NEW DELHI: The Ministry of External Affairs is learnt to have issued a directive that will allow only ambassadors, consul-generals and their deputies in America to employ India-based domestic assistance (IBDA). The measure follows the Devyani Khobragade episode, which saw the diplomat's domestic help alleging underpayment of salary.
Khobragade, former Indian deputy consul in the US, was arrested and strip-searched in the US last December on allegations of visa fraud and under payment to her domestic help. Junior diplomats currently posted in US or going there will be disallowed from employing IBDA, government sources told ET. The directive could be extended to Indian diplomats posted in Western Europe.
However, it is not yet clear whether they would be any hike in perks for junior diplomats to employ local help in the US, the cost of which is higher than in South and Southeast Asia, Africa and Latin America. As many as 14 IBDAs were present in the US when Washington and New Delhi held hard negotiations last December and this January to enable Khobragade return to India following her arrest on charges levelled by her former IBDA Sangeeta Richards.
According to a news source, some of the IBDAs from the US have already returned home. The list of IBDAs in the US and Western Europe was prepared only after the Khobragade row. There were 35-40 IBDAs employed with Indian diplomats based in Western Europe till the early part of this year. IBDAs are employed based on verbal or written contract with diplomats.
Diplomats, based on their ranks, get perks for employing domestic help. Indian ambassadors are allowed to take up to 2 IBDAs, sources said. Other diplomats were allowed one. In some countries, the junior-most diplomats (third secretaries) in Indian missions are not permitted to take domestic helps from India Besides the embassy in Washington, India has five consulates Atlanta, Houston, San Francisco, Chicago and New York and a permanent UN Mission in New York.
India has a total of 162 missions and posts including embassies, high commissions, consulates, deputy or assistant high commissions and permanent missions. About 30% to 40% of domestic helps working with diplomats posted in such missions are IBDAs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SoftBank becomes largest investor in Indian startups after buying stake in Snapdeal  OlaYou are here: Home > Collections
Japan's SoftBank becomes largest investor in Indian startups after buying stake in Snapdeal, Olacabs
Biswarup Gooptu & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 03.07AM IST
Tags:
investor
(Sources indicated that…)
BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Japan's SoftBank has become the largest investor in Indian startups after buying stake worth $627 million (Rs 3,800 crore) in online retailer Snapdeal and leading a funding round of $210 million in taxi aggregator Olacabs.
SoftBank, which made an early bet on China's Alibaba where it owns shares worth around $80 billion, is hoping to replicate its success in India, the Japanese conglomerate's chairman and chief executive officer Masayoshi Son said on Tuesday. "We believe India is at a turning point in its development," he told ET. SoftBank Internet and Media Inc, the unit headed by India-born Nikesh Arora, is now the largest shareholder in the Delhi-based online marketplace that competes against Amazon and Flipkart.
Arora, a former senior vice-president at Google and the vice chairman of Softbank, will take a seat on the board of Snapdeal. Neither company disclosed valuation, but sources indicated to ET that it could be up to $2 billion with Soft-Bank estimated to acquire at least a 30% stake ."SoftBank was always our aspirational investor. Given that Son-san is a true internet visionary and what they've been able to do with Alibaba, we felt he was the ideal ambassador for us," said Kunal Bahl, the CEO of Snapdeal which is receiving its third round of funding this year and counts eBay, Ratan Tata and the family office of Wipro chairman Azim Premji as investors.
Existing investors also participated in this round of funding, Bahl said, without providing details. The other company to have caught the fancy of SoftBank is Olacabs, where the Japanese firm led the funding round with participation from existing investors Tiger Global, Steadview Capital and Matrix Partners." Since SoftBank has a long-term view on all their investments, they make for great strategic partners," said Bhavish Aggarwal, the CEO of Olacabs which raised $42 million in July.
SoftBank and Olacabs declined to say how much the four-year-old company is valued at. Sources indicated that the Bangalore based company has been valued at about $650 million and that SoftBank is now the largest shareholder. SoftBank's first big investment in India was mobile advertising network InMobi, where it funded the company to the tune of $200 million.
So far, the Japanese telecommunications and internet group has sunk more $1 billion into Indian startups, making it by far the top backer of Indian entrepreneurship."Given the pedigree of SoftBank as an investor, their contribution to success of Alibaba and their experience of building out digital businesses, this (Snapdeal) is the most 'strategic' investment in the sector to date," said Siddhartha Nigam, a partner at Grant Thornton India.
Internet-based businesses such as online marketplaces, taxi aggregation services and real estate portals have been the darlings of investors looking to cash in on consumption by the Indian middle class. Most of the money this year has gone to online retail, with market leader Flipkart sucking in $1.2 billion from investors such as Tiger Global and South Africa's Naspers. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, too, has committed to invest $2 billion in the company's Indian operations.
"With today's announcement, SoftBank is contributing to the development of the infrastructure for the digital future of India," said Arora, whose team is scouting for more investments in the country.India is one of the hotspots for entrepreneurship globally, seeding more than two startups every day. Young Indians are more willing than ever before to try their hand at launching new businesses, encouraged by the availability of capital and the falling cost of starting up because of technology.
 
"This is watershed moment for Indian technology companies. The entry of marquee, deep-pocketed investors like SoftBank in the Indian market validates the large market opportunity for value creation that lies ahead of us," said Tarun Davda, vice-president at Matrix Partners and a board observer at Olacabs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IBM scaling down India business  MD Narayanan to return to USYou are here: Home > Collections > Software
IBM scaling down India business, MD Vanitha Narayanan to return to US
Pankaj Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
IBM
(IBM's India headcount is…)
BANGALORE: A decade after IBM put India at the core of its global strategy for software services, by building an army of engineers, the company is shedding staff, scaling down investments and even shuffling the top leadership in the country. Already, from around 1.65 lakh employees on its payroll by 2011, IBM's India headcount has now fallen to around 1.13 lakh and set to slide to 1 lakh by March 2015, according to people familiar with the company's plans.
IBM India managing director Vanitha Narayanan, who relocated from the United States in January last year, is planning to return as part of a major organisational rejig. "IBM is looking to rationalise high cost executives assigned across the markets and bring them back to the US," a source said.
"Such executives cost anywhere between $7,00,00 and over $1 million annually, apart from local country market costs," he added. Another person familiar with the developments added that Narayanan's possible return to the US has "nothing to do with India performance, but a part of global realignment of senior resources."
IBM India said in a statement that it "continues to invest in India" and that it has "more than 3,000 open positions" for jobs in the company. "Narayanan continues to lead India (and) the rumour (about her move to the US) is completely unfounded," according to IBM.
CHEAP LABOUR NO MORE THE 'SILVER BULLET'
As IBM attempts to script another turnaround in over a century of its existence, lowcost software services are no more the silver bullet that helped it come out of "a neardeath experience" in the late nineties. With aggressive disruptors such as Amazon and Google, cloud computing is the new battlefront, threatening models that rely on low-cost labour.
And that explains the shift in IBM's priorities, company insiders said."India is important, but not critical to IBM's survival like the time when Sam Palmisano brought entire board of the company to Bangalore in 2004," said a person familiar with the changes. "Things are looking quite different from 2011 — I now see half-empty floors, paid parking slots and no free coffee at times," said an IBM employee.
Now, software robots from companies such as IPSoft, and IBM's very own Watson, are being applied to automate projects, reducing dependence on engineers and support staff. Already, IBM has an internal project called 'Dynamic Automation' that is aimed at reducing dependency on human engineers by deploying software robots and automation tools. What IBM is doing is not surprising, said Rishikesha Krishnan, director and professor of strategy at Indian Institute of Management-Indore.
 
"IBM got into plain vanilla services rather late and that has pretty much run its course now. So they have to find a new business model," he said. The trend away from labour-intensive software services is the biggest driver for top MNCs including IBM to be looking elsewhere for talent.
Vinnie Mirchandani, a former Gartner analyst and CEO of boutique advisory firm Deal Architect, said companies such as IBM are looking to build newer talent teams in regions beyond India. "In areas like social marketing, security, mobile app development, IBM and other firms are developing talent pools in newer global regions and so are not as dependent on India," Mirchandani said.
BIG BLUES
Earlier this month, sales at Big Blue fell short of analysts' expectations as its legacy businesses start to slow down while the company's CEO Ginni Rometty pushes ahead with a strategy to improve margins. IBM's revenue fell for the tenth consecutive quarter in the third quarter of 2014 (ended September) to $22.4 billion.
In India, the company was embroiled in allegations of fraud, following which its contract with India's largest telecom company Bharti Airtel was renegotiated.
For its part, IBM has signed some new contracts in the past year in India and Narayanan's tenure has seen its bright sparks. In July, IBM closed a Rs 550-crore deal with microfinance firm Janalakshmi Financial Services. For the first time, IBM is also setting up a cloud data centre in India. The new centre will be a part of 15 new IBM cloud centres that will come up across the world.
But all this is yet to make up for the lost momentum IBM had few years ago in India's outsourcing market when it rode a fresh wave of outsourcing by the country's growing telecom companies. Indeed, IBM India's revenue for the year ending March 2013 rose by 12% to $3.2 billion, but profit fell 20% for the same period (fromRs 1,520.8 crore to 1,218.2 crore).
Meanwhile, Indian IT services companies such as Wipro have also started on a journey to become leaner. ET reported in September that the company which has 1.46 lakh employees is aiming to slim its workforce down by a third by focusing on automation.
Behind this realignment of payrolls is a growing trend of doing more with less. For instance, Indian IT companies only added 13,000 employees for every billion dollars of revenue in the 12 months to March 2014 as against 26,500 employees the year ago, according to Nasscom. "IBM is shrinking workforces not just in India," Mirchandani said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UN investigator cautious on North KoreaengagementIn this file photo, North Korea's Deputy UN Ambassador Ri Tong Il speaks during a news conference at UN headquarters in New York.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:19 am
A UN human rights investigator said Tuesday that he was surprised and gratified that North Korean officials raised the possibility of allowing him to visit their country, but the prospect of such a trip remains deeply uncertain because of demands the North Koreans made in exchange.
Marzuki Darusman said North Korea is insisting that a UN resolution drop a recommendation that the North be referred to the International Criminal Court over its human rights record. The special investigator said he conveyed this message to the European Union and Japan, which drafted the resolution, but that he would not be involved in any further discussions between the parties.
Darusman met with four North Korean officials on Monday, the first such encounter since the office of special rapporteur for human rights in North Korea was created 10 years ago. He said he was surprised when the officials mentioned the possibility of a visit, which would be a breakthrough in international efforts to have a firsthand look at the way the deeply impoverished but nuclear-armed country treats its citizens.
“It’s quite a big jump for North Korea,” Darusman said at a news conference. “It’s a very pragmatic step they are taking.”
But Darusman said the North Koreans made clear they want mention of the ICC dropped from the draft resolution “so that they would be in a position to issue an invitation.”
There was no immediate response from the UN missions of the EU and Japan, whose resolution is expected to be introduced to the UN General Assembly next month. The nonbinding resolution would urge the Security Council to refer North Korea’s situation to the ICC, as well as press for targeted sanctions. It doesn’t name names but a UN commission of inquiry warned leader Kim Jong Un in a letter earlier this year that he may be held accountable for orchestrating widespread crimes against civilians.
Darusman said the North Koreans were also upset about the mention of Kim because “it touches on the sanctity” of the leader.
Darusman, who has been special rapporteur since 2010, said he welcomed the possibility of more engagement with the North but he stressed that officials must still be held accountable for human rights atrocities. He said it is “out of question” for the resolution drop calls for North Korean officials to be held accountable within the UN system but he spoke of the possibility of “reformulating” the language. When asked whether that could mean dropping direct mention of the ICC he said, “It depends on how you formulate that.”
The North has been on the defensive since the UN commission of inquiry released a harshly critical report accusing the regime of running political prison camps with up to continued…

Dramatic bank heist brings PMO toSonipatThe broken bank lockers. (Express)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigrah | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:59 am
A day after robbers cleaned out 89 lockers in a Haryana bank by walking in and out of a tunnel 125-ft long, 7-ft high and 2.5 ft wide, the Prime Minister’s Office dispatched one of its top officers to the break-in site in Sonipat district.
R N Ravi, chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee and the Centre’s interlocutor with Naga rebels, reached Gohana on Tuesday and inspected the site where robbers tunnelled their way to the locker room of a Punjab National Bank branch. Ravi was accompanied by Haryana Director General of Police S N Vashisht, Inspector General of Police (Rohtak range) Anil Rao and other senior officers.
“R N Ravi from the PMO came here today along with the DGP and inspected the spot. Since a unique modus operandi was adopted by the accused, he (Ravi) came here from the intelligence point of view. There is a possibility that some gang from another state might have adopted a similar modus operandi. It could help us solve the case quickly,” Anil Rao told The Indian Express.
The tunnel had been dug from an abandoned building next to the bank branch. The robbers broke open 89 lockers, possibly with gas-cutters, and decamped with the valuables inside.
“It was a job executed with precision. It appears that the accused were trained hands and had complete knowledge of the locker room,” an officer said.
Two criminal cases have been registered by police. While a burglary case was registered on a complaint from bank officials, another case was registered against the bank officials on complaints from owners of the lockers.
“The extent of the loss has not yet been ascertained because nobody knows what was kept in the lockers. People are yet to give us details. Once the information is compiled, at least an approximate figure can be quoted for the total loss,” Rao said.
The police have constituted a Special Investigation Team to be headed by a DIG, Vivek Sharma. DGP Vashisht said: “Vivek Sharma shall camp in Gohana till this case is solved. We have also announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh for information that will help us crack the case.”
Punjab National Bank branch manager S L Khurana said: “The police are doing the investigation. We cannot divulge details about the lockers or how did it happen. We hope the accused will be nabbed soon.”
Police have detained some people for questioning. The owner of the building, from whose premises the tunnel was dug, is also being questioned. The bank’s security guard and a few officials too have been spoken to.
Meanwhile, people whose lockers were broken into have decided to move court against the bank and its officials. “All my life’s savings are gone. It is the fault of the bank officials who did not secure our lockers. We shall move court against the bank to seek compensation for our belongings,” said a woman who identified herself as continued…

J&K DIGs son posts photos of Dad & I enjoying perks ofpowerInstagram photographs posted by DIG Shakeel Beig’s son. From left: A man helps the DIG put on his shoes; a securityman doubles up as a caddie for DIG’s son; a man holds an umbrella for Beig.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:58 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:25 am
The son of a top Jammu and Kashmir police officer has posted a series of photographs on Instagram that show his father’s apparent abuse of power. The photographs have gone viral on social networking sites, evoking angry reactions.
One of the photographs shows a man — apparently a policeman — sitting near the feet of Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Jammu, Shakeel Beig and helping him put on his shoes. The caption with the photograph , posted by Beig’s son, who goes by the name Tonybeig on Instagram, says: “Real king – My Dad!! Last time he put his shoes himself was almost 15 years ago #BossLife #King xx.”
In another photograph, the DIG’s son, who is in his 20s, has given the caption: “Motivation right here! Traffic and this is how police and gunmen clear traffic when my dad is on the road! #power #king #guns.” The photograph shows a police Gypsy surrounded by armed policemen.
Another photograph shows the DIG, a recipient of President’s Police Medal this year, coming out of a building with his son, surrounded by policemen. A man behind the DIG is holding an umbrella. The caption reads: “Dad and I. #Security, #Guns and #Umbrella even when there is no sun or rain ;).”
It does not end here. Tonybeig has also posted his own picture, playing golf. In the caption, he says, “Golf with Dad before next (flight).” In this picture, an armed security man is acting as the caddie. He is holding the flag stick for the DIG’s son at a golf course.
The pictures, which are also being circulated on Facebook and WhatsApp, have received angry reactions. “Let’s throw up on these nauseating pictures. Utterly disgusting,” reads a comment on Facebook. “I for a second thought it is Saddam Hussain,” writes another Facebook user.
When contacted, DIG Beig laughed it out. “Has The Indian Express reached this level?” he asked. He then cut short the call, saying he is in a meeting and will get back later.
A postgraduate in Bio Sciences, Beig joined Kashmir Police as a Deputy Superintendent of Police. He was later inducted into IPS. He has bagged several medals for “meritorious and distinguished” services.

Sir 500 words essay is good or 1000 word essay and size of jacket. Fastpls.Print
According to the country’s top legal officer, these messages were “code language conversations on a daily basis on issues including helping the accused in some cases”.
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:52 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 11:05 am
“Sir 500 words essay is good or 1000 word essay and size of jacket. Fast pls.” When meat exporter Moin Qureshi sent this BBM message in July last year to A P Singh, the former CBI director who is now a member of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) replied, “500 words. 40 Jacket 16 collar size.”
This was in 2013, the same year that Singh joined the UPSC after he had retired as CBI director. Today, this mysterious message is one of the many between the two that convinced Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi to inform the Supreme Court on October 17 that Singh’s conduct was “wholly unbecoming of the office he held (as CBI Director)”.
READ:  Meet Moin Qureshi: Meat exporter under tax lens , in Modi crosshairs
According to the country’s top legal officer, these messages were “code language conversations on a daily basis on issues including helping the accused in some cases”.
In another BBM message sent in 2013, Qureshi asked: “From the file you left with me would you require some papers?” Singh replied: “Just some very small papers.”
Qureshi has since denied any knowledge of the files mentioned in the messages that were retrieved by officials at CERT-IN (Indian Computer Emergency Response Team) from a laptop that was seized from his office premises in Delhi during an Income Tax raid on February 15.
Singh denied that these BBM messages were part of a “coded conversation”. “Qureshi was visiting London so I asked him to bring some shirts from a shop in Paris. The essay which is referred is two essays on international bribery prepared for my daughter that I had given to Qureshi for formatting. This is much after I left CBI. There is no question of any other association,” he said.
In fact, in an earlier message in that BBM sequence, Qureshi had asked Singh: “You need something from here?” Singh responded: “Just get some shirt from that shop but not slim fit”.
The Indian Express had first reported on May 15 that I-T officials were investigating various BBM exchanges between Qureshi and Singh, which indicated that the two knew each other well and that the businessman had even sought the former CBI director’s “help”, on behalf of people being probed by the bureau.
‘READ: Astonishing’ links between ex-CBI chief A P Singh and Moin Qureshi, ‘pained’ AG tells SC
In an appraisal report, called for by the Supreme Court, I-T officials had brought Qureshi under the scanner for “unexplained income” that he allegedly generated through “his connection with high ranking government officials”.
Singh was CBI chief from 2010 to 2012, and was appointed UPSC member in 2013 for a five-year term. The BBM messages cover a period between October 2011 and February 2014.

Indias e-retailers gear up for turf warIndia’s online retailers gear up for turf war
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3f71204-1cbc-11e4-b4c7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese railways  chariots of fire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3ae0a90c-3f14-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Snapdeal tries to sell apartments onlineIndia’s Snapdeal tries experiment to sell apartments online
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21c8504a-2d1d-11e4-911b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas policy rambleOctober 12, 2014 5:00 pm
China’s economic policy follows a random path
By Joe Zhang
The Chinese are firmly attached to the status quo, whatever that happens to be, writes Joe Zhang
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88683a92-50a7-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leung warns protesters not to test ChinaHong Kong ‘lucky’ China has not stopped protests, says CY Leung
Josh Noble and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f6f1c74-584b-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rock  n  roll footnote: Chuck Taylor sneakersWhat is it about Converse Chuck Taylors?
Chuck Taylor lawsuit makes you wonder: Why do we choose to dress as we do?
"We were pretty conscious of wanting to look a certain way. We wanted people to recognize us as being in a band when we walked down the street, even if they didn't know which band we were. Chuck Taylors signaled that."
— Albert Hammond Jr. of the Strokes, in Spin magazine 2012
If you want to project an image, you gotta have a style. For footwear, pumps say something. So do wingtips. And so do Converse Chuck Taylor sneakers: Put on some Chuck Taylors and a pair of skinny jeans and you look like someone ready to strap on a guitar.
  Open link
But what exactly is it about these shoes — or any fashion item — that allows them to express personality? That's the crux of an aggressive trademark infringement action brought by Converse that also raises a broader question: Why do we choose to dress as we do?
If you aren't sure about Chucks, picture the high-top sneakers with the rubber toe cap worn by old-time basketball players like Wilt Chamberlain, who scored 100 points in one game while wearing them. In "West Side Story," the Sharks wore them. In Rocky, Sylvester Stallone trained in them.
In the mid-1970s, Chuck Taylor sneakers started showing up on the feet of underground rock bands (Blondie, the Dead Boys, members of the Ramones), giving cheap canvas shoes the street fashion cachet of an expensive leather motorcycle jacket. Athletes don't wear Chucks anymore, but musicians still do, and so do kids who want to look cool, and certain misguided baby boomers who think it's still possible they can look cool.
Converse generates about $1.7 billion in sales, according to The New York Times, and wants to protect its brand. So the company, owned by Nike, has lashed out at dozens of competitors, alleging they infringe on Converse trademarks by selling knockoff versions of Chuck Taylors.
Some of the competitors' shoes look a lot like Chucks. But winning these lawsuits won't be easy. Fashion is more than fickle, it's an elusive attribute, making it sometimes difficult to describe why some shirts are more attractive than others, or why exactly Chuck Taylors are unique.
Note to all you posers! Chuck Taylors are made in China now! Not so cool! You're about twenty five years too late!
Calvin N Hobbes

China growth slowest since global crisisLast updated: October 21, 2014 3:03 pm
China GDP growth slowest since global crisis
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29e38574-5851-11e4-b331-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HKs Umbrella Square takes shapeHK’s ‘Umbrella Square’ takes on identity of its own
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b95d404-55c5-11e4-93b3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economics underpins HK political divideEconomic inequality underpins Hong Kong’s great political divide
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d123d896-5808-11e4-b47d-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China lines up merger of top trainmakersChina lines up merger of biggest trainmakers
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d577e772-5e50-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China CNR  getting there© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b6080422-5b48-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing subway fares poised to doubleBeijing subway fares poised to double
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7bce7d0-5e80-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas new normal for consumptionChina’s ‘new normal’ for consumption
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae37dbfa-5e59-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Is it okay to raise a single childBigg Boss 8
Is it ok to have a single child?
Indian parents have come a long way. From making families that resemble kindergartens to adhering to the Hum Do, Humare Do slogan, they are now balancing out the act by opting for a single child. Ishita Sharma on the ins-and-outs of this trend.
Share 0
<b> How Important Is A Sibling? </b>
Prerna Singh (27) got married last year after a four-year-long courtship. It was a smooth sail till she moved in with her husband's joint family. Suddenly, life was no more about "her and her husband" - she now had to get used to becoming a "member of the family". From sharing clothes with her sister-inlaw and watching the favourite TV channel of the family, to entertaining husband's cousins almost daily - she was now in an "alien" territory. What made it so alien was the fact that being a single child, Prerna was used to having "all things to herself" and being "more with herself".
It took her a lot more effort to adjust, and a fair amount of anguish to settle down in this "over populated household", as she called it. Prerna's plight would make one believe that a sibling gives an adaptive advantage sharing of books and toys, no fighting over the TV remote and no arguments over "why are you wearing my T-shirt" - single children do have it easy. Experts caution that this excess attention might sometimes translate into an overbearing and stubborn child who might always want things his way. This is the reason why most parents opting for a single child are still prone to giving a second thought to having another one. And many actually do. Other thoughts propel them too -equipping the child to face challenges and competition (a lesson from sibling fights) or be more social and less emotionally vulnerable, having family support and so on.
Yet, the argument against having a second child is gaining more strength - more and more couples are not giving into the bait for reasons ranging from financial, physical and even emotional.
How Important Is A Sibling?
Rewati Rau (33) is a media professional with a six-year-old daughter. She refuses to expand her family - 'no mind space for another child'. Rewati cannot bear to go through the same drain out she experienced with her first baby.
'My daughter is insisting in her cute ways on having a playmate in the house. But I am not giving in. Bringing another child into this world along with a full-time job, which I can't give up, is a hugely taxing affair,' says Rewati. Incidentally, Rewati is a single child herself and has always wanted a sibling. 'I never craved for parents undivided attention even when I was a single child. What I did crave for was to share my clothes, toys and all the gifts I got from my parents with a brother or a sister.' Even after this experience, she is still not willing to bite the bullet -given her life's reality now. Let's probe a bit deeper - not having a sibling, does it always end up in a feeling of loss? Arushi Chaturvedi, a 27-year-old Delhi-based content writer is a single child who maintains that even though her parents love her to bits, they made it clear that she can't get everything she wants. 'I didn't miss having a sibling around when I was growing up.
I loved the undivided attention I got from my parents but thankfully, I don't have issues adjusting with people though I like my space,' she admits. But there is a twist here - with her cousins and lots of "Rakhi brothers" (she shares a deep bond with all of them) always around, she does not miss having any "real" siblings. In fact, Arushi gets the best of both the worlds.
Once Bitten Twice Shy
For most women today, pregnancy is synonymous with physical stress -endless doctor visits, tests, diet control and a general feeling of being drained out. Dr Suvarna B, gynecologist and consultant obstetrician with Apollo Hospitals says that the decision to have another child should be solely that of the mother's since it's her body that goes through so much. 'Even though healthcare facilities have come a long way, women are increasingly developing lifestyle disorders such as diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity, which complicate pregnancy. Once they bring a healthy baby into this world, their concern may be to bring him/her up in the best possible way, rather than going through the stress of having another one,' says Dr Suvarna.
Marriage Saviour
"Ek bachha ho jaaye, sab theek ho jayega" (Have a child and things will be okay) was a patent advice given out with largesse by family and friends to couples going through a rocky marriage. Now with the financial and other consequences in tow, the advice is given out with more caution, and even when so advised, cagey parents are likely to dismiss it. Delhi-based relationship expert and psychologist, Harsheen K Arora says, 'With marriages breaking up within a couple of years, a couple is now more skeptical about having another child… before they can get to that point, the marriage may well be heading to the courts.' Practically thinking couples also take into account that in case of an unlikely separation, two or more children will be more of a liability.
Old School Thought
While the young married couples are all for having a single child, the older lot is sticking to the "sibling- means-company-support-and-learning-to-share" belief. Sunaina Dagar (55) Delhi-based housewife and mother of three - Piyush, 30, Siddharth 24 and Urvashi, 27 says, 'I grew up with five siblings and even though my first-born was a son, I chose to have two more children without any pressure from my in-laws. I feel siblings are the first best friends. In today's times, when marriages are breaking up too soon and too often, I know, my children will always be with each other,' she says.
(The sexist approach necessitated the need for a second child when the first born was a girl. A change in this mindset is also impacting the singlechild phenomena.)
Lessons From The Past
Priyanka Chandra, 28, who works for a KPO in Delhi has four siblings. 'I was always embarrassed in my school years when friends asked me about how many siblings I had. Financially too, I could see the strain on my family,' says Priyanka. Now engaged to be married this year, Priyanka has already made up her mind - only one child. Her thought process is explained by Chandni Anand, marriage counselor, 'A house with too many children makes them all more sensitive to financial and space issues - and they may even grow up resenting such an environment.'
Reproduced From Good Housekeeping. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ
1 - 4 of 71

Nokia transformation is winning plauditsNokia hopes it is on cusp of its greatest transformation yet
Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd15db4e-5b9c-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Seeing only mild rally due to lack of fund flowsYou are here: Home > Collections
Market witnessing mild rally; current trend due to lack of fund flows: Ashwani Gujral
ET Now Oct 28, 2014, 04.10PM IST
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, shares his views on markets. Excerpts:
ET Now: What do you suggest traders or investors do over the next two days?
Ashwani Gujral: We are having a mild rally. I do not think you can call it a great strong rally but on declines every day the market is swinging in both directions. So the bias has to remain on the upside. Now every day you have new sectors that shows you something extraordinary. Today was pharma, tomorrow could be something else. It basically shows you a lack of fund flow. Had you had good fund flows 500 crore-1000 crore, you would have had 100 point Nifty rally, 500 point Bank Nifty rallies but these are mild 50-100 crore type of fund flows. So chances are that while the bias remains up, intraday volatility is going to remain and people should try to take advantage of that. Overall there are certain spaces which are making new highs like Eicher, Cipla etc. Those are the stocks you have to remain in. But certain other like Reliance whatever the each time someone talks about Reliance they speak, it is making fresh highs. But if you keep away from stocks which are at six month lows etc, you would be much better off. So there is a segment of the market that continues to move up, it is best to stay with that segment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Should investors buy HUL post inline Q2 showShould investors buy HUL post inline Q2 results?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 12.39PM IST
(Analysts are of the view…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hindustan Unilever were down on profit booking for second straight session even as the company's second quarter results were inline with market expectations.
The stock fell over 5 per cent in the past two sessions to touch intraday low of Rs 719.15 in trade today.
Analysts are of the view that while the results are inline, the valuations are high and investors should think of buying the stock are better entry points.
The company reported a net profit of Rs 988 crore for quarter ended July-September quarter, up 8 per cent, against a net profit of Rs 914 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Net sales in the period increased to Rs 7,466 crore, up 10.6 per cent, against Rs 6,747 crore, in year-ago period.
According to the management, the market conditions are still tough. "We don't know when the real turnaround will happen," said Sanjiv Mehta, managing director, HUL.
Citigroup has maintained 'Sell' recommendation on the stock due to its expensive valuations and 'tepid growth.'
"Our target price of Rs 660 is based on 32x FY16E EPS, at a premium to the stock's historical trading band (average of ~27-28x 1 yr forward in the last 15 years)," the Citi report said.
CIMB is of the view that the stock is fairly valued but won't be able to surprise with earnings in coming quarters.
"We maintain our estimates, September 15 target price (still based on 30x P/E, its five-year average) and Hold rating. We believe that HUVR will continue to perform well vs. its peers in a slowing market environment, but given the limited scope for an earnings surprise and its rich valuations, we recommend that investors wait for a better entry point," the report said.
The brokerage has a target price of Rs 700 on the stock.
Macquarie is remains positive on the company's medium term growth potential but doesn't see too much upside for the stock due to rich valuations (33.6X FY16E).
At 12:20 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 709.70, down 1.69 per cent, on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Leung regrets HK voting commentsCY Leung expresses ‘regret’ over Hong Kong voting comments
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68a539ce-5e73-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LA court summons Amitabh BachchanLink
1 month 9 days ago, TIMES NOW
Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan was summoned by Los Angeles Federal Court for allegedly instigating 1984 violence against Sikhs. Following Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's assassination by her Sikh bodyguards Satwant Singh and Beant Singh, India erupted in riots against Sikhs in 1984. Bachchan has been accused of raising blood for blood slogan on Doordarshan. The court has given 21 days time for Bachchan to respond.
More on TIMES NOW:

Honda profits hit by airbag recallsOctober 28, 2014 12:38 pm
Honda warns of profits blow in wake of airbag recalls
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5a02e4c-5e87-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NRI investors claim $103 mn from ICICI VentureYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
NRI investors claim $103 million from ICICI Venture, move Mauritius Supreme Court
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 12.01AM IST
Tags:
Dynamic India Fund III
(ICICI Venture denied any…)
MUMBAI: A group of investors in a Mauritius-based realty fund of ICICI Venture have sought damages totalling $ 103 million for losses suffered by them, but the asset manager termed the allegations as "totally baseless and malicious".
ICICI Venture also countered the claim of damages, saying the aggrieved investors accounted for a small percentage of those invested in the fund and they had refused to take an 'cash exit option' although returns were never guaranteed.
The investors are claiming losses from their investments in ICICI Venture's Dynamic India Fund III , which invested the money in realty projects which bombed, the NRIs' legal firm Banymandhup Boolell Chambers said in a statement.
The petition is being heard by the Mauritius Supreme Court , it added.
Alleging that they have suffered huge losses from the investments made, a group of 69 NRI investors from about among 500, has dragged ICICI and associated companies to the Mauritius Supreme Court. The investors are seeking $ 103,699,976 and interests from the fund, and others.
The petitioners have alleged that the fund invested in real estate projects, many of which failed to take off despite the world-class claim and assured returns promised by marketing teams.
"A plaint with summons was lodged before the Supreme Court of Mauritius by a group of NRIs and foreign investors against the ICICI Ventures, International Financial Services (IFS), ICICI Bank and the Western India Trustee & Executor Co," Banymandhup Boolell Chambers of Mauritius said.
When contacted, ICICI Venture denied any such development and termed it as baseless and that it had offered them a cash exit option in line with best global practices.
Its parent, ICICI Bank refused to comment, saying the allegations pertain to their PE arm and not the bank.
"The allegations levelled by a set of investors, constituting only 12 per cent of the investors in the said fund, are totally baseless, not supported by facts and are malicious," an ICICI Venture spokesperson said.
Stating it manages assets of over $ 2.5 billion and has delivered returns to its investors across various funds, ICICI Venture said it is common knowledge that globally PEs do not guarantee returns given the risks involved. Also, realty projects have long gestation period and hence the returns accrue over a period of time, it claimed.
The statement further said that it has extended the life of the said fund by three years to optimise realisation from the portfolio.
"As far as the legal proceedings instituted are concerned, ICICI Ventures will take necessary steps regarding the same based on legal advice," the spokesperson added.
The close-ended fund had a corpus of $ 220 million and its primary objective was to develop, lease, own and sell quality office buildings, residential premises and retail spaces attractive to quality tenants/users and appeal to long-term institutional investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No difficulty giving the names of black money account holders: JaitleyArun Jaitley
New Delhi, October 28:  
The Government has made it clear that it has ‘no difficulty’ in placing the entire list of black money account holders obtained from various countries.
“The Government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it to the Court. The Government has already given to court constituted SIT (Special Investigation Team) on June 27, and the Government shall place the list to the Court also,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told reporters after the Supreme Court asked the Centre to place all the names by Wednesday.
The list will be given in a sealed envelope, but there is no clarity whether the name would be made public or not. Jaitley made it clear that the Government was not willing to protect anyone.
“The Government has no difficulty whatsoever with any agency investigating into this matter because there is nobody the Government wants to protect in this case…the names that have come up must be investigated and punished according to law,” he said.
He said the Government was in favour of action against people having black money abroad. The truth about these names must come out so that penal action can be taken against the people and money lying there be brought back to India, he said.
Earlier, Jaitley had said the Government would make the names public only in accordance with the law as “we are bound by treaties (Double Taxation Treaties).”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

ING Vysya Bank Q2 Net Rises 2.2%You are here: Home Corporates
ING Vysya Bank Q2 Net Rises 2.2 Per Cent to Rs 180 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 22:53 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: ING Vysya Bank on Tuesday posted a marginal 2.2 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 180.1 crore for the quarter ended September 2014.
The private sector lender had registered a net profit of Rs 176.3 crore for the corresponding period a year ago.
The bank also informed that its managing director and CEO Shailendra Bhandari has resigned.
"...has informed BSE that Shailendra Bhandari, MD & CEO has submitted his resignation and the Board of Directors, at its meeting held October 28,2014 has approved his letter of resignation. Bhandari will continue to be in the office till January 31, 2015," it said.
Deputy CEO and wholesale banking head Uday Sareen has been appointed as the new MD and CEO.
Total income increased 16.1 per cent to Rs 725.5 crore in the quarter under review from Rs 625 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
Net Interest Income (NII) for the quarter increased 12.8 per cent to Rs 496.9 crore from Rs 440.3 crore a year ago.
Net interest margin (NIM) was at 3.54 per cent as against to 3.46 per cent in the same quarter last year.
"Provisions and contingencies were higher at Rs 49.7 crore from Rs 18.1 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year," it said.
Gross NPAs (non-performing assets) and net NPAs improved to 1.59 per cent and 0.42 per cent respectively as of 30 September 2014, from 2.39 per cent and 0.87 per cent respectively as of 30 June 2014.
Shares in ING Vysya Bank, on Tuesday, ended at Rs 641.40 apiece on the BSE, up 0.3 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 22:19 (IST)

YouTube considers offering ad-free subscriptionSubscriptions and even a streaming music service are among new options that YouTube is considering offering, says YouTube chief Susan Wojcicki.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: YouTube viewers might get the option of paid subscriptions for ad-free access to the popular online video-sharing service.
Subscriptions and even a streaming music service are among new options that YouTube is considering offering its more than one billion users, YouTube chief Susan Wojcicki said at a technology conference in California late Monday.
"YouTube right now is ad-supported, which is really great in the sense that it has enabled us to scale to a billion users; anyone can access the content," Wojcicki said in an online video clip of her on-stage conference chat.
"But there are going to be cases where people will say, 'I don't want to see the ads,' or, 'I want to have a different experience.'"
Wojcicki also confirmed rumors that YouTube is working on a streaming music and video service that could compete with the likes of Pandora and Spotify. She did not provide many details, but Wojcicki said she is optimistic the music service will debut soon.
"We are thinking about how to give users options," Wojcicki said.

GTAT sought to avoid costly legal battle wit...GT Advanced Technology sought to avoid costly legal battle with Apple
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 12.04AM IST
GT Advanced said in a court filing late on Monday that it needed to settle with the iPhone maker to avert a costly legal battle it might not win.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: GT Advanced Technology Inc , which struck an agreement with erstwhile partner Apple Inc last week that allowed it to proceed with its bankruptcy, said the iPhone maker had threatened to seek damages of more than $1 billion against the company.
Former stock market darling GT Advanced, once set to become the main supplier of scratch-resistant sapphire to Apple, surprised markets when it filed for Chapter 11 earlier this month. It failed to meet performance targets set out in its supply agreement with Apple, setting the stage for its failure, according to court filings.
GT Advanced said in a court filing late on Monday that it needed to settle with the iPhone maker to avert a costly legal battle it might not win.
"The alternative to the settlement agreement would be months, if not years, of costly, time-consuming, and distracting litigation with Apple over a wide range of contested issues, the success of which GTAT could not guarantee," the company said in a court filing late on Monday.
"Apple has advised GTAT that it would assert liquidated damages claims for in excess of $1 billion against GTAT," according to the filing. Liquidated damages are awarded when a party to a contract fails to perform as promised.
Apple, which has more than $100 billion in cash, was not immediately available for comment.

Could Mone Davis strike out the Giants top sluggerBy Joann Weiner October 28 Follow @DCEcon
Mo’ne Davis, the first female pitcher in Little League World Series history to pitch a complete-game shutout, gestures before throwing out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 4 of baseball’s World Series between the Kansas City Royals and the San Francisco Giants on Oct. 25 in San Francisco. (Kyle Terada, Pool/Associated Press)
The Kansas City Royals must win their World Series game tonight against the San Francisco Giants to keep alive their hopes of winning the Fall Classic for the first time in 29 years.
Pablo Sandoval is one reason the Giants are on the verge of their third World Series victory in five years. On Saturday night, the third baseman drilled a 93-mph fastball into center field, putting the Giants ahead in Game 4 with a single that “changed this year’s Series,” according to Washington Post sports writer Barry Svrluga .
The Royals could use a pitcher who could stymie Sandoval, who has eight hits and has scored four runs so far.
If you want to indulge in a bit of fantasy baseball, consider how great it would be to have Little League sensation Mo’ne Davis pitch against Sandoval in the World Series.
With San Francisco leading three games to two in the best-of-seven Series, she might be just what the Royals need to get the crucial victory at Kauffman Stadium tonight.
Davis doesn’t throw a 90-mph fastball in Major League Baseball, of course. But she does hurl a 70-mph fastball in Little League.
That’s why it’s possible to fantasize about how the 5’ 4”, 111-pound right-hander might fare against the 5’ 11”, 245-pound switch hitter.
In this fantasy world, Davis has the power to strike him out. A 70-mph fastball thrown from 46 feet away in the Little Leagues crosses the plate at roughly the same speed as a 90-mph pitch thrown from 60 feet 6 inches away in the major leagues. Those balls cross home plate just 0.4 seconds after leaving the pitcher’s hand.
Former Sports Illustrated writer David Epstein combines these calculations with an analysis of players’ experience in his 2013 book “The Sports Gene” to explain how top-flight softball pitchers can routinely leave some of baseball’s best hitters flailing wildly at the ball.
Epstein analyzed the pitching prowess of Jennie Finch, a gold-medal Olympic champion softball pitcher.
Ten years ago, Finch was sitting on the bench as the ceremonial coach for the American League in the annual Pepsi All-Star Softball Game.
The game had always been played only by male MLB players.
But with the American League behind by eight runs, the team had little to lose, so the 6’ 1” Finch took the mound.
In quick order, as Epstein recounts, Finch struck out the formidable catcher Mike Piazza on three straight pitches and then struck out All-Star outfielder Brian Giles to end the inning.
At other times, Finch also struck out some of the major leagues’ best players, including Albert Pujols, Alex Rodriguez and Barry Bonds. Other players didn’t dare face her for fear of being embarrassed by striking out to a “girl.”
Epstein says that MLB stars are so hapless against Finch because they’ve never seen her pitching style and, therefore, can’t predict where the ball will cross the plate. When they face pitchers in the major leagues, by contrast, they’ve accumulated so much experience that they can predict where the ball will arrive just milliseconds after it leaves the pitcher’s hand.
Thus, they may routinely blast 90-mph fastballs into McCovey Cove, but still swing helplessly at 70-mph softball pitches.
Davis, of course, isn’t a softball player, and she’s not playing in the major leagues.
But she is one heckuva baseball player.
On Aug. 15, she became the first girl to throw a shutout in Little League World Series history. She has donated the jersey she wore during the game to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
On Aug. 25, the Philadelphia native appeared on the cover  of Sports Illustrated, a feat no other Little League player has achieved in the magazine’s 60-year history.
In September, the Springside Chestnut Academy eighth-grade honor student threw out a ceremonial first pitch for the Dodgers. She also went on “The Tonight Show” and struck out host Jimmy Fallon.
Last weekend, she starred in a Spike Lee-directed ad for Chevrolet titled “ I Throw Like a Girl .” Davis mocks the age-old schoolyard taunt by saying “I throw 70 miles an hour. That’s throwing like a girl.”
On Oct. 25, she made it to the World Series when she took the mound at AT&T Park to throw the ceremonial first pitch before Game 4.
After Davis threw a strike in one of the most pressure-filled situations, Yesha Callahan of “The Root” asked , “Is there anything the Little League pitcher can’t do?”
Who knows?
Davis may never pitch in the major leagues — she actually hopes to play professional basketball — but given the speed of her fastball, she might very well be able to strike out some of baseball’s finest hitters.
Play ball!
Joann Weiner teaches economics at George Washington University. She has written for Bloomberg, Politics Daily, and Tax Analysts and worked as an economist at the U.S. Treasury Department. Follow her on Twitter @DCEcon .

Short View: market takes off beer gogglesOctober 28, 2014 6:08 pm
Market takes off the beer goggles
Traders were overly hopeful the growth story could soon resume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/242dd676-5ec2-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibabas market value surpasses WalmartAlibaba’s market value nudges Walmart
Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2916334-5eb9-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook quarterly profit rises 59% as use g...Facebook quarterly profit rises 59 per cent as use grows
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 02.11AM IST
Mobile ads represented 66 per cent of Facebook's advertising revenue, up from 49 per cent of ad revenue in the year-ago period.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc warned on Tuesday of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, slicing a tenth off its market value.
Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner told analysts on a conference call that the social network is preparing for a 55 per cent to 75 per cent spike in expenses next year, when the world's largest social network intends to invest in Whatsapp, Oculus and other products that have yet to show a profit.
Wehner forecast revenue growth of 40 per cent to 47 per cent in the final quarter of 2014. That's down sharply from 59 per cent in the third quarter.
"We're investing where we think there's a great opportunity for long term growth," Wehner said. "So we're investing in the people," as well as in existing and newly-acquired products, he said.
Facebook reported a better-than-expected 59 per cent jump in third-quarter revenue and a solid gain in its user base that's already the world's largest social media community. The company is considered a pioneer in mobile advertising, outshining rivals like Twitter Inc, which are struggling to sustain user engagement and growth.
Shares of Facebook, up roughly 47 per cent this year, slid more than 10 per cent to $72.65 in extended trading on Tuesday.
Facebook said revenue in the three months ended Sept. 30 totaled $3.2 billion, up 59 per cent from $2.02 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were looking for revenue of $3.12 billion on average.
"They continue to show that there is a lot of demand for their product, both in terms of users wanting to spend time there and advertisers wanting to spend money," said Ben Schachter an analyst with Macquarie Research.
Facebook also for the first time disclosed the financial performance for WhatsApp, a mobile messaging app that the company acquired earlier this month for $22 billion.
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, WhatsApp lost $232.5 million in the first six months of 2014, compared to a loss of $58.8 million in the first six months of 2013.
WhatsApp does not currently show ads on its service and Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has said the company will not rush to monetize the service.
Macquarie's Schachter said investors understand that WhatsApp is a "long-term play," and that what's most important right now is for the app to continue to grow its base of users.
The world's No.1 online social network said its total number of monthly users reached 1.35 billion in the third quarter, with 864 million users accessing the service every day.
Facebook's net income increased to $806 million, or 30 cents a share in the third quarter, compared to $425 million, or 17 cents a share in the year-ago period. Excluding certain items, Facebook said it earned 43 cents a share.
Mobile ads represented 66 per cent of Facebook's advertising revenue, up from 49 per cent of ad revenue in the year-ago period.

US stocks: Wall St jumps 1%  S&P 500 ends above key levelAfter the market closed, Facebook Inc posted revenue growth of almost 60 per cent. Shares were little changed in after-hours trading.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 ending above its 50-day moving average for the first time in almost a month as strong earnings eased concerns about the outlook for corporate America.
The gains were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day. Energy stocks were the day's biggest gainers, up 2.2 per cent, while the Philadelphia SE Oil Service index gained 3.4 per cent.
Adding to the day's positive tone was consumer confidence data, which hit its highest since 2007 in October. The report overshadowed a separate read that showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
Amgen Inc climbed 6.1 per cent to $157.19, among the top boosts for the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, a day after its 2015 outlook topped expectations. The Nasdaq Biotech index rose 1.3 per cent.
The majority of US companies reporting third-quarter results have beaten analysts' expectations so far, easing some worries about the impact of a stronger US dollar and weak global demand.
"We haven't seen big global companies downgrade their outlooks because of the stronger dollar or anything else, so earnings coming in so strong has been a relief," said Channing Smith, co-portfolio manager of capital advisors growth fund at Capital Advisors in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
There have been some high-profile earnings disappointments. Twitter Inc fell 9.8 per cent to $43.78 after it posted a slide in a closely watched measure of engagement, even as its user base grew in the third quarter.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 187.81 points, or 1.12 per cent, to 17,005.75, the S&P 500 gained 23.42 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 1,985.05 and the Nasdaq Composite
added 78.36 points, or 1.75 per cent, to 4,564.29.
With the day's advance, the S&P 500 ended above its 50-day moving average for the first time since Sept. 29, a sign that momentum is turning more positive. The Russell 2000 jumped 2.7 per cent and traded above its 200-day moving average for the first time since Sept. 19.
After the market closed, Facebook Inc posted revenue growth of almost 60 per cent. Shares were little changed in after-hours trading.
Investors were awaiting clues on the outlook for the US economy from the Federal Reserve as the central bank commenced a two-day policy meeting. It is likely to reinforce expectations it will wait a long while before rising interest rates, although the Fed is all but certain to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,582 to 501, for a 5.15-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 2,171 issues rose and 526 fell for a 4.13-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 64 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 36 new lows.
About 6.17 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, below the month-to-date average of 7.92 billion.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Google seeks way to search bodies for diseaseGoogle seeks way to search bodies for disease
By AFP | 29 Oct, 2014, 02.44AM IST
Google is exploring a way to search inside people's bodies for early signs of deadly illnesses such as cancer or heart disease.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Google is exploring a way to search inside people's bodies for early signs of deadly illnesses such as cancer or heart disease .
A Life Sciences team at the special projects Google X Lab are experimenting with having "nanoparticles" hunt for signs of medical trouble in bloodstreams and then essentially report findings to sensors people could wear.
"This is still early-stage research, but we've done a number of promising experiments, so we're going to keep going," Google said in a description of the project made public Tuesday.
Imagined applications include a test for enzymes given off by arterial plaques that are about to rupture and cause a heart attack or stroke, or a way to watch for cancer cells after surgery or chemo treatments.
Early detection is known to dramatically increase chances of successfully treating a number of life-threatening diseases.
Batches of specially crafted nanoparticles, each microscopic in size, could be swallowed in pills and then absorbed into bloodstreams where they would stick to targeted cells such as cancer.
Magnetic qualities designed into nanoparticles allow them to be drawn to worn devices and counted using non-invasive detection methods such as light or radio waves, according to Google.
If successful, the technology could "help physicians detect a disease that's starting to develop in the body," the California-based technology titan said.
Google said that it would license the technology to companies interested in using it for medically approved diagnostics.
Google Life Sciences team innovations include contact lenses that measure glucose levels in tears to allow people with diabetes to track blood sugar, and eating utensils that cancel out trembling hands caused by diseases such as Parkinsons.
Google also last year formed a company called Calico with a mission to address problems of health and aging by harnessing advanced technologies.

Burdwan probe: Mamata  NSA open lines of contactWest Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has given her personal mobile number to National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval to talk to her directly in case central agencies face any hurdle in probe into the Burdwan blast, sources told HT.
Advertisement
“Offering full support to NIA, Mamata gave her personal phone number to Doval when a team led by him called on her on Monday in Kolkata,” said a senior government official.
A team led by Doval had on Monday visited Kolkata and Burdwan to review the situation and sensitise the Trinamool government about dangers posed by the Burdwan module of Jammat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB).
“The Central team made it clear that they have come to share their concerns with Banerjee over the JMB activities in the state and sought her administration’s support in this regard,” added the official. Doval pointed out the inability of local police to recover 39 improvised explosive devices (IEDs) for around two weeks after the blast. These IEDs were later recovered by the NIA after taking over the probe from the state police. The director general of West Bengal police agreed with the concern raised and promised to take action against erring officials, said sources.
“Mamata agreed that the local police could not give full attention to the probe as it was busy in making arrangements for Puja and Diwali celebrations. But she also pointed out that since Bangladesh was once part of the larger Bengal and it is very difficult differentiate local Bengalis from Bangladeshis,” said the official.
An official pointed out that one of the prime suspects in the case, Kausar Sheikh, after escaping from Burdwan after the blast, remained in Birbhum till October 5 but the police couldn’t nab him. He is believed to have left India.
Doval on Tuesday briefed home minister Rajnath Singh on his visit. India plans to share details of the JMB module with Bangladesh.

FT View: Ukraine turns to westUkraine sets its face towards the west
Elections mark a break with the country’s old, discredited politics
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c345748a-5ea9-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

So You ve Been Laid Off or Fired. What That Really Means.reddit
Recently I wrote an article on another site about layoffs at a local hospital.
Some of the comments from people to the story indicated the employees who were laid off or terminated were treated unfairly and deserved sympathy and pity. Commenters seemed to think the displaced employees were good people who were now being harmed by the hospital by laying them off. I understand the sentiment and point-of-view, but that does not make it true.
I have not had the time to address this issue, till now, but I think there are some issues worth discussing here.
I've been an employer myself and at one time had as many as 70 employees. I've also worked for companies during my life as well so I think I have a pretty clear view of both sides of this issue.
There are some universal truths many people just are not aware of when they are an employee. No matter how you feel about how much the place loves you and what an awesome job you've been doing; any day can be your last day. Your employer does not owe you a job tomorrow or in the future.
Being fired or laid off to many feels as if you are defective in some way. If you were fired for cause, well then maybe there are some issues you need to address.
When it comes to getting fired for cause, I once had a Human Resources Manager, Kevin Keith, who told me something I've never forgotten. I was stressing over having to let an employee go and he said, "You don't fire people, they fire themselves." He was absolutely right. People fired for cause typically did something they should not have done or did a really bad job of delivering the labor the employer hired them for. Unless you were fired for doing a bad job you need to get past the negative internal emotions of losing your job.
If your employment ended because of business reasons, your termination from the company has nothing to do with your value as a person or worth as an employee.
Most jobs are at-will, meaning an employer can terminate your employment at almost any time and for no reason at all. But that's because an employee is hired to do a specific job, not get employment for life. As crass as it might sound, an employee is a widget.
Employers hire people and pay them for their time and labor to perform specific functions and tasks. That's it. People are hired to perform tasks for the company. You are labor and that's what the employer wants you to deliver in a customer focused and a kind way.
If a business has a change of circumstances, often out of their control, they have to reduce expenses to attempt to make the business viable moving forward. Typically the largest expense a business has is labor. So people are the first thing to let go to reduce expenses. It's truly not personal, it's business.
An employer may elect to keep lower paid employees with less experience and let go people who have been there a long time and earn more. From an employee point if view it feels illogical. But from an employer point of view it might make the best business sense to attempt to keep the business going and maintain jobs for some.
The lesson to be learned here is that nobody is entitled to any job; tomorrow can always be your last day no matter what you think; and you should always keep your resume up to date and your eyes opened for a job that makes the most business sense for you, since that's what the company is doing.
If you ever get laid off, file for unemployment right away, collect your severance package and get right back into the marketplace to sell your labor to a company that needs it.
Now, any job you might find might not be at the same pay rate or job title but when your limit to jobs is dictated by the geographic area in which you live, you'll just have to take what you can get, and that might be less pay because in life you are not entitled to anything. If you want more pay and a better job, you might just have to relocate to where the jobs are.
It is unfortunate when people lose their jobs. It impacts their personal and financial lives. It can lead to depression, feeling less self-worth and make you doubt yourself. All of those emotional feelings are normal and natural but the problem is none of that might be true when viewed from the outside.
And all of that being said, I truly cared for all of my employees and was greatly disappointed when someone did something stupid that forced me to fire them. And when I had to lay people off for business reasons, I was a big weenie and cried because it really hurt to do that.
Don't miss my free my weekday email newsletter with the latest tips and advice on how to beat debt and do better financially. Subscribe now. - Click Here
If you have a credit or debt question you'd like to ask, just click here and ask away .
If you'd like to stay posted on all the latest get out of debt news and scam alerts, subscribe to my free newsletter .
Follow Steve Rhode on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GetOutOfDebtGuy
More:

Orbital Sciences  unmanned rocket explodes o...READ MORE ON » Orbital Sciences | NASA | Antares rocket
This still image from NASA video shows an Orbital Sciences Corporation unmanned spacecraft exploding October 28, 2014 at Wallops Island, Virginia, six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. It was the first nighttime launch of an Antares rocket, said Orbital. The mission, known as CRS-3, was to be Orbital's fourth trip to the ISS, including an initial demonstration. The mission, known as CRS-3, was to be Orbital's fourth trip to the ISS, including an initial demonstration.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
An unmanned Antares rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad on Virginia's eastern seaboard on Tuesday, marking the first accident since NASA turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station.
The 14-story rocket, built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp, blasted off from its launch pad at the Wallops Flight Facility at 6:22 p.m. EDT/2222 GMT, carrying a Cygnus cargo ship bound for the space station. It burst into flames moments later, then plunged to the ground in a huge ball of fire and smoke, but authorities said no one was hurt.
The six crew members in orbit aboard the space station - two NASA astronauts, one from the European Space Agency and three Russian cosmonauts - watched the launch via a NASA TV feed, said Mike Suffredini, the space station program manager.
"They were disappointed ... of course they are well aware that they have plenty of resources on orbit," Suffredini told reporters during a conference call.
With a Russian cargo ship due to reach the space station on Wednesday, just 14 hours after the explosion in Virginia, the loss of the Cygnus supply vessel posed no immediate problem for the orbiting team.
"There was no cargo that was absolutely critical to us that was lost on that flight. The crew is in no danger," NASA Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier said. Suffredini added that the crew has enough food and other supplies aboard to last four to six months.
Orbital Sciences stock fell 15.5 percent to a two-month low of $25.65 in after-hours trade.
The cause of the mishap was under investigation, said Frank Culbertson, Orbital Sciences executive vice president.
Footage of Tuesday's launch showed the Antares rising slowly into the night sky as flames suddenly engulfed the rocket, from the bottom to the top about 11 seconds after liftoff, before the vehicle sank back downward in a conflagration.
"What we know so far is pretty much what everybody saw on the video," Culbertson said. "The ascent stopped, there was some disassembly of the first stage, it looked like, and then it fell to Earth. ... We don't really have any early indications of exactly what might have failed."
Ronda Miller, manager of the Ocean Deli in Wallops Island, Virginia, told Reuters she felt the force of the blast from the eatery, about 5 miles (8 km) from the launch pad.
"We were standing outside waiting for it to launch and we saw bright red, and then we saw a big black cloud, and it shook the whole building where we work," Miller said. "And then I came back in to work and seen fire trucks going every which way."
While the Cygnus mission was non-military, the spacecraft included "some classified cryptographic equipment, so we do need to maintain the area around the debris in a secure manner," said Mike Pinkston, the company's Antares program manager.
RUSSIAN ROCKET ENGINES
The accident raised fresh questions about the use of Russian engines in US rockets. The Antares is powered by the AJ-26 engine built by GenCorp Inc division Aerojet Rocketdyne - a refurbished version of the Soviet-era NK-33 engine developed for the heavy-lift N-1 moon rocket.
In May, an AJ-26 exploded during a ground test at NASA's Stennis Space Center in Mississippi. Orbital Sciences and Aerojet have not released the cause of the engine failure.
"We need to go through this investigation and be very thorough before we determine whether that's a factor in this or not," Culbertson said.
Congress has been more concerned about Russian-made RD-180 engines that power United Launch Alliance's Atlas 5 rockets, used primarily to fly US military satellites. The RD-180 has had no technical problems, but Russia has threatened to suspend exports in response to US trade sanctions stemming from Moscow's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region. United Launch Alliance is a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
Page 1 of 2

Beijing Subway on track for dim sum bondBeijing Subway on track for $190m dim sum bond
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/013ebac6-fc3a-11e3-86dc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Honda docks chiefs pay as recalls hitOctober 23, 2014 11:07 am
Honda docks chief’s pay as fifth recall hits
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e993514e-5a8e-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Honda cuts jobs at Swindon plantHonda cuts jobs at Swindon plant
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f806b26-b422-11e3-a09a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing efficiency drive attacks mah-jong© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f189f9b2-5e75-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dramatic bank heist brings PMO to SonipatThe broken bank lockers. (Express)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigrah | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:59 am
A day after robbers cleaned out 89 lockers in a Haryana bank by walking in and out of a tunnel 125-ft long, 7-ft high and 2.5 ft wide, the Prime Minister’s Office dispatched one of its top officers to the break-in site in Sonipat district.
R N Ravi, chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee and the Centre’s interlocutor with Naga rebels, reached Gohana on Tuesday and inspected the site where robbers tunnelled their way to the locker room of a Punjab National Bank branch. Ravi was accompanied by Haryana Director General of Police S N Vashisht, Inspector General of Police (Rohtak range) Anil Rao and other senior officers.
“R N Ravi from the PMO came here today along with the DGP and inspected the spot. Since a unique modus operandi was adopted by the accused, he (Ravi) came here from the intelligence point of view. There is a possibility that some gang from another state might have adopted a similar modus operandi. It could help us solve the case quickly,” Anil Rao told The Indian Express.
The tunnel had been dug from an abandoned building next to the bank branch. The robbers broke open 89 lockers, possibly with gas-cutters, and decamped with the valuables inside.
“It was a job executed with precision. It appears that the accused were trained hands and had complete knowledge of the locker room,” an officer said.
Two criminal cases have been registered by police. While a burglary case was registered on a complaint from bank officials, another case was registered against the bank officials on complaints from owners of the lockers.
“The extent of the loss has not yet been ascertained because nobody knows what was kept in the lockers. People are yet to give us details. Once the information is compiled, at least an approximate figure can be quoted for the total loss,” Rao said.
The police have constituted a Special Investigation Team to be headed by a DIG, Vivek Sharma. DGP Vashisht said: “Vivek Sharma shall camp in Gohana till this case is solved. We have also announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh for information that will help us crack the case.”
Punjab National Bank branch manager S L Khurana said: “The police are doing the investigation. We cannot divulge details about the lockers or how did it happen. We hope the accused will be nabbed soon.”
Police have detained some people for questioning. The owner of the building, from whose premises the tunnel was dug, is also being questioned. The bank’s security guard and a few officials too have been spoken to.
Meanwhile, people whose lockers were broken into have decided to move court against the bank and its officials. “All my life’s savings are gone. It is the fault of the bank officials who did not secure our lockers. We shall move court against the bank to seek compensation for our belongings,” said a woman who identified herself as continued…

Meet Devendra Fadnavis: The Mr clean of Maha politics | Gadkari s bid had Pawar s backingBJP
(Fadnavis became the youngest…)
MUMBAI: A few years ago, in the villages of Vidarbha, the effect of load-shedding was so much that farmers would get electricity only for a few hours at night when they would venture to their fields, risking more than anything, attacks by snakes and foxes.
When the situation worsened, a young MLA started gatecrashing the public hearings of Maharashtra State Electricity Board with his group of protestors, demanding an answer. "All that you say about Devendra Fadnavis - soft spoken and polite was only for the city. In the field, he is like a true ABVP activist," says an old resident of Nagpur.
Forty four-year-old Fadnavis, for sure has come a long way in politics in a short span. A deshast brahmin from Chandrapur in Vidarbha, Devendra's aunt, Shobha Fadnavis, was a former minister and represented the Mul constituency for a long time. At Dharampeth in Nagpur, his family, comprising his wife Amruta, mother Sarita and daughter Divija, lives in a modest two-storeyed house that also houses his office. Right opposite his house is a playground named after his father Gangadharrao, a prominent RSS leader who later became a Jan Sangh member in the state legislative council. As a child Devendra is said to have refused to go to a certain Indira Convent because it had the name of a leader who had jailed his father during the Emergency.
Devendra lost his father when he was 17. Devendra's political career started in the early nineties, when he joined the BJP as a ward president of its youth wing. He became the youngest corporator of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation at the age of 21 and the second youngest elected mayor in 1997, at the age of 27. Fadnavis is said to have brought to the limelight by Gopinath Munde who saw him as a promising leader.
He replaced Nitin Gadkari's aide, Sudhir Munganthiwar as the BJP State president. Despite rumours of disagreements between him and Gadkari, Fadnavis is said to share a good equation with the union minister, but is seen to have been chosen to hold the post by PM Modi. Critics are however ambiguous about Devendra's appointment as the CM.
"He has been an effective MLA and he is not known to belong to any faction in the party. But beyond that he has no government experience. And his government doesn't have majority in the house which will be a restraining factor too," said Suhas Palshikar, political analyst. "Being a Brahmin with no community support, he will have to depend a lot on the national leaders who are running the party which is not a good sign," Palshikar added.
That, however doesn't bother his old associates recall that most often, leaders such as Ajit Pawar and RR Patil would sit back in the legislature to hear Devendra dissect the budget.
"Even leaders such as Vilasrao Deskhmukh would stop by and congratulate him for his Assembly speeches," BJP member Atul Shah said. Fadnavis is also famous for helping his colleagues write fool-proof speeches by giving them with well researched data. A voracious reader of books on energy, taxes and economics, Fadnavis is known to enjoy a subway sandwich as much as modak or puranpoli. He is a technology addict, and always carries around an iPhone and iPad. He loves old Hindi songs and dialogues from Hindi movies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shocking: 102 Air India pilots found flying with lapsed licenses102 Air India pilots found flying with lapsed licenses
Recommend
Link
1 month 11 days ago, Ani
Air India has recently discovered that as many as 102 pilots of its wide body Boeing fleet have been flying without clearing a mandatory test that helps keep their licences valid and without which the same lapse. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had ordered Jet to remove its chief of training due to this serious lapse. Admitting the lapse of its training department, Air India wrote to DGCA saying that the route check of the 102 pilots was not done as per the required schedule that rendered their licences unfit for flying. Meanwhile, Congress leader Rashid Alvi said that strict action should be taken in the case.
More on Ani:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Banks shun Adani s $16 billion Australian projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

U.S. stocks rally on earnings; Dow up 1.12%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US unmanned spacecraft explodes shortly after launchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Airbus plans to start first U.S. factory with larger A321 jetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian customers most tolerant: SurveyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Regulus Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common StockThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Coalscam: CBI for summoning of 2 govt officers on graft chargesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India enhances presence in South China SeaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India targets $100 billion investment for clean power - - - - - - -$$$...756 Followers
PM Narendra Modi is passionate about the solar mission: Piyush Goyal - - - - -$$$$$
iyush Goyal, minister of state (independent charge) for power, coal and new and renewable energy, concedes subsidy-based solar and wind energy schemes have their inherent limitations, and the government is mulling over some interventions to bring the sector to a more market-driven platform. While talking to ET Magazine, Goyal said prime minister Narendra Modi is "passionate" about the solar mission, and that a number of big foreign companies are showing interest has vindicated the government`s position on the renewable sector. Excerpts:
Till now, new and renewable energy has been more subsidy-driven than market-driven. Are you proposing to change that?
All studies have shown that in the long run renewable energy is the most attractive way to generate power. More particularly because it addresses energy security issues. You don`t have to depend on fuel, import, shortages, transport etc. Here the benevolence of God, that is the sun and wind, takes care of a part of operating costs. If you take the lifecycle costs in this sector and map them in parity with other conventional energy, investors here get a fair return. A lot of the cost here is interest.
I am trying to see if the subsidy regime is changed from capital subsidy to interest subvention. After all, subsidy-based schemes will have their limitations. If we increase the capacity, based on subsidy, there will be many more restrictions and constraints. Also, I was saddled with Rs 3,000-odd crore of subsidy when I took charge [as the minister]. There is no money for this. And there is another commitment of about Rs 9,000 crore. That was the clean energy fund money which was collected to fund renewable energy but was spent to bridge the fiscal deficit. So, we have a huge liability, and there is nothing in the bank. I have no choice but to pay off the liability, but for the future we are looking at the lifecycles. For example, investments on solar could be highly attractive for a period of 15, 20 or 25 years. And then comes the political part. We are stepping in here to ensure low-cost funding and bankability of power-purchasing pacts so that buyers can`t back off after getting cheap power for an initial period.
Do you get a sense that bigger companies may like to invest in new and renewable energy?
Subsequent to bringing back the accelerated depreciation, which two and half years ago was summarily withdrawn, there is more interest in the wind sector now. The finance minister in his budget did justice to the new and renewable sector in several ways, including duty concessions and tax breaks for a longer period.
Are bigger companies coming forward?
I am getting excellent response from a number of companies including those from Australia, Japan and the US. I don`t wish to tell you the names of those companies, but they are excited about the prospects in this sector.
But domestic solar manufacturers seem to be unhappy over your decision not to impose anti-dumping duties. Isn`t the decision a setback for Indian manufacturers?
The whole world knows that the prime minister is very passionate about the solar mission. But any anti-dumping duties (on imports of solar panels from countries such as US and China) would have killed the mission, particularly when domestic manufacturers can`t produce significant volumes and most of them are in dire straits. The last government on May 22 (four days before the new government assumed charge) took the decision of imposing anti-dumping duties. As a party or as an ideology, we are committed to encourage domestic manufacturers. We want Made-In-India products to be more competitive. To resolve the issue, I had a six-hour-long meeting with the solar manufacturers.
I wanted to understand their problems. At the end of six hours, we came to a very good understanding that domestic industry has to flourish. I want them to get world-class technology so that they get economies of scale. But at the same time, in the short-run, since they are not able to do that I want imports to take place. And they have no problem in that. As long as they get enough business opportunities and help to get competitive, they said they have no problems. The manufacturers themselves withdrew anti-dumping duties requests.
7.07 AM Oct 29th

Still trading is happening in the healthy condition. so stay alive. i...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

India investing $100 billion in renewable energy to meet 35% target by...756 Followers
PM Narendra Modi is passionate about the solar mission: Piyush Goyal - - - - -$$$$$
iyush Goyal, minister of state (independent charge) for power, coal and new and renewable energy, concedes subsidy-based solar and wind energy schemes have their inherent limitations, and the government is mulling over some interventions to bring the sector to a more market-driven platform. While talking to ET Magazine, Goyal said prime minister Narendra Modi is "passionate" about the solar mission, and that a number of big foreign companies are showing interest has vindicated the government`s position on the renewable sector. Excerpts:
Till now, new and renewable energy has been more subsidy-driven than market-driven. Are you proposing to change that?
All studies have shown that in the long run renewable energy is the most attractive way to generate power. More particularly because it addresses energy security issues. You don`t have to depend on fuel, import, shortages, transport etc. Here the benevolence of God, that is the sun and wind, takes care of a part of operating costs. If you take the lifecycle costs in this sector and map them in parity with other conventional energy, investors here get a fair return. A lot of the cost here is interest.
I am trying to see if the subsidy regime is changed from capital subsidy to interest subvention. After all, subsidy-based schemes will have their limitations. If we increase the capacity, based on subsidy, there will be many more restrictions and constraints. Also, I was saddled with Rs 3,000-odd crore of subsidy when I took charge [as the minister]. There is no money for this. And there is another commitment of about Rs 9,000 crore. That was the clean energy fund money which was collected to fund renewable energy but was spent to bridge the fiscal deficit. So, we have a huge liability, and there is nothing in the bank. I have no choice but to pay off the liability, but for the future we are looking at the lifecycles. For example, investments on solar could be highly attractive for a period of 15, 20 or 25 years. And then comes the political part. We are stepping in here to ensure low-cost funding and bankability of power-purchasing pacts so that buyers can`t back off after getting cheap power for an initial period.
Do you get a sense that bigger companies may like to invest in new and renewable energy?
Subsequent to bringing back the accelerated depreciation, which two and half years ago was summarily withdrawn, there is more interest in the wind sector now. The finance minister in his budget did justice to the new and renewable sector in several ways, including duty concessions and tax breaks for a longer period.
Are bigger companies coming forward?
I am getting excellent response from a number of companies including those from Australia, Japan and the US. I don`t wish to tell you the names of those companies, but they are excited about the prospects in this sector.
But domestic solar manufacturers seem to be unhappy over your decision not to impose anti-dumping duties. Isn`t the decision a setback for Indian manufacturers?
The whole world knows that the prime minister is very passionate about the solar mission. But any anti-dumping duties (on imports of solar panels from countries such as US and China) would have killed the mission, particularly when domestic manufacturers can`t produce significant volumes and most of them are in dire straits. The last government on May 22 (four days before the new government assumed charge) took the decision of imposing anti-dumping duties. As a party or as an ideology, we are committed to encourage domestic manufacturers. We want Made-In-India products to be more competitive. To resolve the issue, I had a six-hour-long meeting with the solar manufacturers.
I wanted to understand their problems. At the end of six hours, we came to a very good understanding that domestic industry has to flourish. I want them to get world-class technology so that they get economies of scale. But at the same time, in the short-run, since they are not able to do that I want imports to take place. And they have no problem in that. As long as they get enough business opportunities and help to get competitive, they said they have no problems. The manufacturers themselves withdrew anti-dumping duties requests.
7.07 AM Oct 29th

Mutual funds reduce exposure to it stocks as a whole. expect next big ...Silver Member
35 Followers
Mutual funds reduce exposure to it stocks as a whole. Expect next big wave in tcs only when they come back to buy, no less than a quarter or two.
6.27 AM Oct 29th

Walsh explains his standThe Hindu Terry Walsh (left) and Sardar Singh.
TOPICS
Hockey
Hockey coach Terry Walsh has expressed his reservations at the recent reactions to his decision to resign from the post.
“Please be assured that I have no intention of coercing Hockey India, or the Sports Authority of India, into taking positions or decisions which they do not wish to take, and are not in the best interests of hockey. That is not the way I operate and I would take strong issue with those who assert otherwise,” Walsh said in a letter to Hockey India president N.K. Batra and SAI DG Jiji Thomson.
“Over the past 12 months I have given you my views on a range of subjects which have been again raised in recent times.
“I have long maintained that the national team would be best served with a more-efficient funding model and a more-contemporary structure for its high-performance programme. I believe that to change this requires some degree of external assessment and evaluation.
“This is consistent with your decision to appoint foreign coaches (myself and Roelant Oltmans) to oversee and change the manner in which the national team competes on the international stage,” Walsh asserted.
Countering the reports, Walsh continued, “At no stage have I maintained that substantial funds be directed to certain individuals. What I have done is provide SAI with the names of some people who have the necessary skills to assist if it is decided to go in that direction.
“Many others in the sporting world have these capacities. I believe that at least in part; this has received a degree of acceptance. If people of this ilk were to be involved, it would only be as a result of proper process in accordance with best administrative practices. Whether I continue in this coaching role or not, I believe these steps need to be taken for the long-term benefit of the national team.”
On the issue of time away from the team, Walsh said, “With particular reference to my request for more time being spent by me in my home city, I would reiterate that I’ve never asked for 120 days out of India. What I have said is that I need to spend more time at home. I believe that any future arrangements would, as SAI suggests, incorporate a mutually-agreed number of paid working days in Australia.”

Black money: govt. names industrialistsThe Hindu The Centre on Monday informed the Supreme Court that it has no intention to withhold names of persons who have stashed black money abroad.
TOPICS
corporate crime
Every account held in a foreign country may not be illegal: Centre
The Centre on Monday disclosed in the Supreme Court that Pradip Burman of Dabur, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya and Goa-based mining baron Radha Satish Timblo of Timblo Private Ltd. were among those who had stashed black money abroad.
Other Directors of Timblo — Chetan S. Timblo, Rohan S. Timblo and Mrs. Mallika R. Timblo were also named in the affidavit, ahead of the hearing on Tuesday.
While disclosing these names, the Centre sought modification of the May 1 apex court order to disclose all names of foreign account holders and pleaded that only those names against whom investigations had been completed and prosecution launched, should be disclosed. The court must consider whether in directing the disclosure of all names, international standards had been violated, the Centre said.
Stating that the disclosed names were received from French tax authorities and prosecution had been launched against them under the provisions of the Income Tax Act, the Centre’s affidavit said, “The government is committed to disclose names of persons holding illegal money abroad. However, every account held by an Indian in a foreign country may not be illegal and the fundamental right of citizens to privacy under Article 21 of the Constitution cannot be ignored.”
The Centre argued that under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement, confidentiality had to be maintained.
What they said:
“I have no account in the Swiss bank. I have no foreign bank account. I came to know about this from media.... I am shocked. ”
Pankaj Lodhya
 
“We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account,” ”
Spokesperson, Dabur
 
“I have not seen the affidavit. I need to study it before commenting anything on it. ”
Radha Timblo
 
“The list of those with accounts in banks abroad has several Congress members. I must make it clear there are no names of BJP members in the list”
G.V.L. Narasimha Rao, Bharatiya Janata Party spokesperson
 
“The present administration has resiled from this position and now after over three years is praying for modification/ clarification of the judgement and order of July 4, 2011 in connection with the disclosure regarding Liechtenstein Bank accounts of Indians ”
Ram Jethmalani, expelled BJP leader
 
“All foreign bank accounts cannot be termed as illegal... We will disclose only those names against whom we have prosecutable evidence”
Arun Jaitley, Finance Minister
 
““The government can disclose all the names on the list to the court as per law.”
Salman Khurshid., Senior Congress leader
 
“Only three persons in the country have blackmoney?”
Nitish Kumar, Former Bihar Chief Minister
 
“Government has to answer a lot of questions as there is a reluctance on its part to give out all the names. This shows that the government lacks the political will and determination to fulfil its election promises”
D Raja, CPI National Secretary
 
“If there is a (Congress) name, the individual concerned will answer it and it is not proper to take names from the podium of party office.”
Abhishek Singhvi, Congress spokesperson
 
“Who is the government trying to protect in the black money scandal? Is it playing politics to blackmail the culprits? BJP ministers are not being transparent. ”
Trinamool Congress
 
“The full list of those having black money in foreign banks should be made public. We are sure there will be names of BJP and Congress leaders in it”
Arvind KejriwalAam Aadmi Party chief

I have evolved  says Robin UthappaNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 23:42 IST
I have evolved, says Robin Uthappa
Special Correspondent
The Hindu “At the end of the day, it’s your own game and you know what works for you,” Robin Uthappa said. File photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
cricket
Putting value on his wicket has been the compelling factor in Robin Uthappa evolving as a batsman.
The South Zone stroke player presented a confident countenance ahead of the Duleep Trophy final against Central Zone to be held here from October 29.
“I have evolved as a batsman. I have realised there is no point in tweaking the process too much.
“One has to stay true to one’s skills. I have learnt from my seniors,” said Uthappa.
He elaborated, “I don’t throw my wicket away now and don’t like getting out even in the nets. I understand my technique better after making some adjustments. My head is still and that is important.”
Keen to regain his spot in the India team, Uthappa said he was keen to keep wickets too.
“I am serious about my wicketkeeping.
“I like to do the job whenever the team needs me to.”
He gives credit to personal coach Pravin Amre for the change in his cricket.
“He made me realise my responsibility and I understand the importance of staying at the wicket and contributing,” said Uthappa.

Supreme Court frowns upon delay in Delhi govt formationSC frowns upon delay in Delhi government formation
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Oct 28 (IANS) The Supreme Court Tuesday expressed its displeasure at the central government's tactics on delaying  formation of a government in Delhi, even as it was told that the President has given consent to invite the BJP for the purpose.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of a government but why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" asked the Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice H.L. Dattu.
The court's reaction came as it was handed over a letter which said the President has consented to Lt. Governor's Najeeb Jung's suggestion to explore the option of forming the government by inviting the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the single largest party in the Delhi assembly.
"Suppose Lt. Governor is going to invite the largest party (BJP). Are they in a position to form the government?" the court enquired, apparently making a reference to the number of legislators the BJP has in the Delhi assembly.
The central government sought to wriggle out of the situation, saying that after putting the Delhi assembly under suspended animation, it had a year's time to explore the possibilities and the court could not issue any direction restricting the time available to the President in taking the decision.
But the court shot this down.
"Our understanding was to give time to the Lt. Governor to decide. If you had told us that we (the government) cannot take a decision, we may have heard the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) petition and decided the matter either way," the court said.
"With greatest respect at our command we feel the government should have taken the decision earlier. All of us know that the matter is pending before the court and time has been given to decide," said the court, as it began hearing on AAP petition seeking the dissolution of the state assembly.
Reacting to the apex court's rap to the central government, the Congress and the AAP demanded fresh elections in Delhi.
Talking to reporters here, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal said: "If there is an iota of shame left in the BJP, they will dissolve the assembly and hold fresh elections in Delhi."
"If elections are held, BJP will be badly defeated and AAP will win," he claimed.
Senior Congress leader and former chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that "democratic process will be subverted if a party is asked to make a government without having a majority".
Though the Bharatiya Janata Party's senior leader Venkaiah Naidu said that the party "was ready for fresh polls and would not engineer defections to form the government", its Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay parried question over the issue.
"We will take a decision at an appropriate time once LG invites us to form the government," he told reporters.
Delhi has been under President's Rule since Feb 17 after the minority AAP government quit over the stalling of anti-graft bill in the assembly. The AAP had filed a petition in the Supreme Court, demanding dissolution of the assembly.
Recommend

Srinivasan looks to strengthen support baseMore
Srinivasan looks to strengthen support base ahead of BCCI elections
With less than a month to go for the board elections, N Srinivasan, the BCCI's sidelined president, is working to strengthen his support base in the east zone, a region that could be important in the forthcoming election
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 10:54 AM IST
Tweet
0
With less than a month to go for the board elections, N Srinivasan, the BCCI's sidelined president, is working to strengthen his support base in the east zone, a region that could be important in the forthcoming election. During a personal visit to Guwahati and Kolkata on October 26, Srinivasan met with top officials from the Assam Cricket Association [ACA] and Cricket Association of Bengal [CAB].
India's Supreme Court had asked Srinivasan to step aside as BCCI president until the Justice Mukul Mudgal panel's investigation into allegations of corruption in the IPL 2013 were complete. Despite the court-imposed rider that he could not announce his candidacy until the end of the investigation, Srinivasan first visited the new Barsapara Stadium in Guwahati and promised to work towards allotting Test status to the ground. Before attending a charity event in Kolkata, Srinivasan also had a long meeting with CAB chief Jagmohan Dalmiya.
N. SrinivasanThe developments are significant given that the east zone's role may be decisive in the BCCI presidential election. According to the BCCI rules, each of the five zones nominate a president by rotation and this year, it is the east zone's turn to nominate a candidate for three years starting with next month's AGM. Following an amendment of BCCI rules in 2012, an individual who is not from a specified zone can contest for the president's post with official support from two member organisations of that zone.
Srinivasan has thus been trying hard to ensure that all six members from the east zone are on his side to seal an unopposed election, despite their presence in a show of strength last month. While the Jharkhand State Cricket Association and Orissa Cricket Association are Srinivasan's trusted allies, Tripura Cricket Association has also assured its support.
This leaves Assam and the two votes of CAB and the National Cricket Club, which are both headed by Dalmiya. It is believed that Dalmiya, who has had a topsy-turvy relationship with Srinivasan, may have asked for a plum position for himself in order to support Srinivasan's candidacy.
Following the corruption scandal in the IPL last year, Dalmiya had stepped in to run the daily affairs of the board in place of Srinivasan for a short period. In the build-up to last year's AGM, he was also in the running for the post of IPL chairman, a position that was eventually allotted to Ranjib Biswal of Orissa, who does not share a rapport with Dalmiya. The position of the chief of new area development committee was seen as a consolation for Dalmiya.
Interestingly, while Dalmiya isn't fond of Srinivasan, the rest of CAB is backing the ICC chairman. This was evident when nearly every club affiliated with CAB felicitated Srinivasan during a charity event held for an NGO run by association treasurer Biswarup Dey.
A CAB insider confided that Dalmiya's role in the coming years may have been discussed during Sunday's meeting. Biswal and Amitabh Chaudhary, the Jharkhand association chief who heads the board's marketing sub-committee, have emerged as contenders for the secretary's post, and one of their vacated positions may be offered to CAB. The equations depend entirely on the Supreme Court allowing Srinivasan to contest the election.
Earlier on Sunday, Srinivasan praised the stadium in Guwahati and, in his capacity as the ICC chairman, assured ACA officials that he would do his best to help the ground get Test status. According to ACA secretary Bikash Baruah, Srinivasan also assured that he would impress upon the BCCI to allot a few IPL games to Guwahati.
"The ICC chairman is very impressed by the quality of the stadium we are building and described it as one of the best in the world. He inspected almost every nook and corner of the infrastructure, including the dressing rooms, water-treatment plant, back-up generator, galleries, pitch and practice ground," Baruah said. "Srinivasan also appreciated the location of the stadium and other requirements for a Test venue as well as IPL matches."
The last international game in Guwahati was held in November 2010 at the Nehru Stadium, when India took on New Zealand in an ODI.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Sonam Kapoor gets money-making tips from investing legendWhen Rakesh Jhunjhunwala met a Bollywood diva
Recommend
Link
1 month 13 days ago, ET NOW
Ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala and Bollywood actress Sonam Kapoor discuss money, investment, stock market, spirituality, God and everything in between.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - Fri 5 Dec, 2014 10:50 PM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Macys to open store in Abu DhabiMacy’s to open store in Abu Dhabi
Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/755638c8-5ead-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shah Rukh Khan s   Happy New Year   box office collections race past Rs 200 cr markShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections turn it into Rs 200 cr film
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 14:53  IST
Oct 29 2014, 14:53  IST
 

E-comm can t be back-door entry to multi-brand retail:IndiaOct 28, 2014, 10.39 PM IST  | Source: PTI
E-comm can't be back-door entry to multi-brand retail:India
India today said that it is conscious not to allow e-commerce to become an avenue for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the much sought-after multi-brand retail sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
E-comm can't be back-door entry to multi-brand retail:India
India today said that it is conscious not to allow e-commerce to become an avenue for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the much sought-after multi-brand retail sector.
Post your opinion here
 
India today said that it is conscious not to allow e-commerce to become an avenue for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the much sought-after multi-brand retail sector.
"There has been a lot of talk on e-commerce. We are conscious that e-commerce should not become a back door entry for multi-brand retail," Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman said here. She, however, clarified that she is not "pronouncing any policy on e-commerce."
Referring to India's largest e-retailer and its so-called 'Big Billion Day' sale earlier this month which had led to complaints, she said: "Post the Flipkart issue, a lot of inputs have come from concerned citizens, retailers and consumers and these complaints are being looked into."
"That does mean any investigation is going on into any particular e-commerce company," Sitharaman added. "There is nothing promised on e-commerce at the moment." The senior BJP leader, who is also the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, is here on a two-day visit to hold discussions with investors and members of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) on the government's newly-launched 'Make in India' campaign.
In reference to the US Trade Representative's (USTR) controversial decision to initiate a review of India's Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) regime, the minister dismissed it as a "pedagogic exercise." "I would only look at it as an exercise to understand policies of other countries. India and its courts are conscious of our intellectual property rights and we hold on to defending everything that is due to us and we shall work and engage with the United States to explain our position to them but clearly we stand our ground," she said.
She emphasised the Indian government clearly understands its intellectual property rights. "The laws that prevail in India are very buoyant, vibrant, up-to-date and robust and that has been established by the various judgements that have come from Indian courts," she said, adding that a more definitive policy framework is being worked on and the government hopes to announce a new IPR policy by early next year.
Sitharaman will hold talks with UK business secretary Vince Cable before heading back to India later today. She admitted that various sections of the UK industry and government had made references to the retrospective tax issue as well as specifically Vodafone and the recent court judgement.
"Our position has been very clear and we reinforce the view that we will not resort to retrospective taxation. At the same time, this government is working on simplifying the entire taxation framework completely and this will be an important tool with regard to ease of doing business in India."
 
The amendment made in reference to the issue is already into a lot of litigation, she added. "Even if we take a call on it from the government, that also will be a retrospective step. So we have very clearly isolated that particular amendment for it to be sorted out by the courts of India."
The minister also clarified that the ball was now in the court of the European Union (EU) on a free trade agreement (FTA) with India, on which it had expressed a lot "enthusiasm and eagerness."
"Since the government took over, we have been reviewing the FTAs and SEZs and our assessment was that the European community was far more focussed on the trans-Atlantic treaty and maybe they were not as keen on a bilateral with India."
"But even during this visit it has been stressed that the UK and EU will look at an FTA with India so it is now for the EU to come back to us and say they would like to proceed on this," she said, adding that all FTAs have been under review to see whether Indian industry, manufacturers and exporters have benefited from them and to ensure they can leverage all agreements to better utilise it. Sitharaman expressed her confidence in the 'Make In India' campaign and maintaining quality standards without regulation and more through creating greater awareness on quality.
"That would be the best way forward for international competitiveness and the government will do everything it can to facilitate awareness on quality," she said.
RELATED NEWS

U.S. durable goods orders fall 1.3% last month  core orders down 0.2%Oct 28, 2014, 06.04 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.S. durable goods orders fall 1.3% last month, core orders down 0.2%
U.S. durable goods orders fall 1.3% last month, core orders down 0.2%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.S. durable goods orders fall 1.3% last month, core orders down 0.2%
U.S. durable goods orders fall 1.3% last month, core orders down 0.2%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - U.S. durable goods orders fell unexpectedly in September, while core orders also declined, dampening optimism over the strength of the economy, official data showed on Tuesday.
In a report, the U.S. Commerce Department said that total durable goods orders, which include transportation items, decreased by a seasonally adjusted 1.3% last month, disappointing expectations for a gain of 0.5%.
Orders for durable goods in August were revised to a decline of 18.3% from a previously reported drop of 18.4%.
Durable goods are typically bulky or heavy products designed to last at three years, such as trains, planes and automobiles.
Core durable goods orders, excluding volatile transportation items, eased down by a seasonally adjusted 0.2% in September, compared to forecasts for a 0.5% gain. Core durable goods orders rose by 0.7% in August.
Orders for core capital goods, a key barometer of private-sector business investment, fell by 1.7% last month, worse than expectations for a 0.6% increase and after rising 0.3% in August.
Shipments of core capital goods, a category used to calculate quarterly economic growth, declined 0.2% in September, disappointing forecasts for a 0.7% gain, after rising 0.1% in the preceding month.
EUR/USD was trading at 1.2735 from around 1.2709 ahead of the release of the data, while GBP/USD was at 1.6153 from 1.6130 earlier.
Meanwhile, U.S. stock futures pointed to a mildly higher open. The Dow futures indicated a gain of 0.35% at the open, the S&P 500 futures pointed to a rise of 0.4%, while Nasdaq 100 futures advanced 0.45%.
Elsewhere, in the commodities market, gold futures traded at $1,233.20 a troy ounce, compared to $1,228.10 ahead of the data, while crude oil traded at $81.46 a barrel from $81.52 earlier.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Ranbaxy reports surprise Q2 profit on robust salesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

DGCA rule changes leading to delay in launch  says VistaraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nothing to hide but Germans protested  others may too: A-GPrint
Mukul Rohtagi
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:00 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:36 am
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said Tuesday that while the government has “nothing to hide” on the issue of black money allegedly stashed by Indians in foreign banks, the list of account holders in HSBC’s Geneva branch has to be placed in a sealed cover in order to uphold the tax treaty with France under which it was obtained.
Replying to a query from The Indian Express, Rohatgi confirmed that Germany, which had provided a list of 18 account holders in LGT bank in Liechtenstein under a similar treaty, had registered its protest with the Indian government after those names were handed over to the Supreme Court in April.
The Supreme Court has directed the Centre — represented by Rohatgi — to disclose to it on Wednesday the names of all those being probed for allegedly stashing black money abroad.
“We have nothing to hide and nobody to shield and this very list has been handed over to the SIT (on black money) on June 27 itself. Having said this, we are also concerned about the future treaties we have to sign, and about information on other black money trails drying up from other countries. We have to put this list in a sealed cover so that we do not violate the terms of the treaty,’’ Rohatgi said.
“The Germans had protested and others may protest too. That is why we are putting these 600 odd names in a sealed cover and asking them (the Supreme Court bench) to keep it only in their custody. We have after all given an unequivocal assurance to the French Government that the information and names supplied on the HSBC list will only be used by India as per terms of the treaty.’’
Rohatgi said that the Government would also hand over to Supreme Court a status report on the progress made in each case, including details about verification of identities of account holders, searches conducted, tax notices sent and money recovered.
In June 2011, France provided details of Indians with bank accounts in the Swiss bank, under the provisions of the Direct Tax Avoidance Convention (DTAC) between the two countries. In March 2009, information on deposits in accounts maintained by 12 trusts and entities with the bank in Liechtenstein was received from the German tax authorities under the DTAC between India and Germany.

Dollar softens on mixed U.S. data  holds Fed in focusOct 29, 2014, 01.05 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. data, holds Fed in focus
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. data, holds Fed in focus
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. data, holds Fed in focus
Dollar softens on mixed U.S. data, holds Fed in focus
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar traded lower against most major currencies on Tuesday due to soft durable goods orders, though an upbeat consumer confidence report brought the U.S. currency up from earlier lows.
Many investors avoid the greenback head of the Federal Reserve's Wednesday statement on monetary policy.
In U.S. trading on Tuesday, EUR/USD was up 0.29% at 1.2737.
The dollar slipped after data revealed that that U.S. orders for long-lasting manufactured goods, anything from toasters to airplanes, fell unexpectedly for a second consecutive month in September.
The U.S. Commerce Department reported earlier that total durable goods orders, which include transportation items, decreased by 1.3% last month, disappointing expectations for a gain of 0.5%.
Orders for durable goods in August were revised to a decline of 18.3% from a previously reported drop of 18.4%.
Durable goods are typically designed to last at three years and include trains, planes and automobiles.
Core durable goods orders, which are stripped of volatile transportation items and consist of components like household appliances, inched down by 0.2% in September, defying forecasts for a 0.5% gain. Core durable goods orders rose by 0.7% in August.
Orders for core capital goods, a key barometer of private-sector business investment, fell by 1.7% last month, worse than expectations for a 0.6% increase and after rising 0.3% in August.
Shipments of core capital goods, a category used to calculate quarterly economic growth, declined 0.2% in September, disappointing forecasts for a 0.7% gain, after rising 0.1% in the preceding month.
While demand for computers and machinery declined, a sign many firms are holding off on updating equipment to make sure the demand is there, demand for cars and trucks rose, which brought the dollar up from earlier lows as investors concluded that even if consumers aren't spending now, they remain poised to do so in the near future.
Elsewhere, the Conference Board reported earlier that its consumer confidence index jumped to 94.5 this month from 89.0 in September, boosted by a more favorable assessment of the current job market and business conditions.
Economists had expected the index to tick down to 87.0 this month.
The report left many investors concluding that while demand for goods and services in the U.S. remains cautious, consumers still remain upbeat over the U.S. economy and will ramp up spending soon.
Many investors jumped to the sidelines ahead of the Federal Reserve's statement on monetary policy on Wednesday.
The Fed is widely seen closing its bond-buying program, though uncertainty as to whether or not the statement will contain dovish or hawkish language surrounding interest rates prompted investors to avoid the greenback ahead of time.
The dollar was up against the yen, with USD/JPY up 0.32% at 108.16, and down against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF down 0.26% at 0.9470.
The greenback was down against the pound, with GBP/USD up 0.08% at 1.6136.
The dollar was down against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.64% at 1.1176, AUD/USD up 0.66% at 0.8860 and NZD/USD up 0.41% at 0.7926.
The US dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.17% at 85.47.
On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve is to announce its federal funds rate and publish its rate statement. Expect the dollar to move on any indication as to when interest rates may rise in the U.S.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Asian shares gain on earnings optimism  dovish Fed2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Wipro launches staff retention plan to stop ...You are here: Home > Collections > Wipro
Wipro launches staff retention plan to tackle attrition; to facilitate further academic pursuits
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 04.20AM IST
Tags:
Attrition
(The "Notch Up" programme is…)
BANGALORE: Wipro has launched one of its biggest employee-retention programmes, aiming to stem the exodus of experienced executives by offering them a chance to study at some of the nation's premier engineering and management colleges.
The "Notch Up" programme is the second major initiative by India's third largest software exporter this year to retain employees with five or more years of experience, as the rate of people leaving the company from this group is higher than Wipro's overall attrition level of 17%, a senior executive said.
"How do we retain this group with (over) 5-6 years' experience who get into Masters in IT or MBA? If we are able to provide them this (opportunity for higher studies),then it serves them and it helps us," said Saurabh Govil, head of human resources at Wipro.
Under the new programme, launched in the second quarter that started in July, Wipro offers employees who have put in more than two years at the company a chance to do Masters at Punebased Symbiosis, Pilani's Birla Institute of Technology and Science or VIT University in Vellore. The company has also partnered with ICFA to offer a two-year regular programme in professional accounting. According to Wipro, more than 500 employees have already enrolled, and its aim is to expand this number tenfold to 5,000 in three years.
The company has worked out a fee structure with the institutes, and staff will be reimbursed the fee based on their scores. "Hope this will help us in retaining talent, " Govil said.
Managing the expectations of employees is one of the biggest challenges in India's IT sector where companies are known to aggressively poach staff from rival organisations. Homegrown IT companies see an uptick in attrition levels during the first quarter of every fiscal year, when people either leave their employers in search of better opportunities or quit to pursue higher education.
Wipro's bigger rival Infosys reported an attrition rate of 19.5% in the first quarter through June. Most companies have taken steps to reduce the exodus of employees, with Wipro rewarding the top 20% of its workforce with double the salary hikes compared with the rate given to average performers and Infosys giving promotions to more than 19,000 employees in the first two quarters of this fiscal year.
Some experts doubt if measures like these would truly help IT firms fight off employee exits as they believe stubbornly high attrition rates are symptomatic of a shortage of technically skilled engineers in the services industry and lack of challenging opportunities for growth.
"Offering to refund tuition fees for MTech programmes at BITS/VIT/Symbiosis is not going to solve the Manohar, a former faculty member at the Indian Institute of Science who is currently pursuing the Jed-i (Joy of Engineering, Design, and Innovation) mission.
"The employees who leave for higher studies abroad do so because they realise that they are not growing in technical competence working for services companies. Employees who opt for this (higher studies), primarily do so to pad their resume with a Masters degree so that they can negotiate for higher salaries next time they move. And if it is going to be subsidised by their employer, even better."
Wipro had earlier this year launched a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff programme, under which it offered engineers an equal opportunity with business degree graduates to climb up the ranks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India relies on China for 90% of drug ingred...You are here: Home > Collections > China
India relies on China for 90 per cent of drug raw materials
Soma Das, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 03.36AM IST
Tags:
chemical synthesis
(India's acute dependence…)
NEW DELHI: Imagine a situation where an Indian soldier's medical kit is running out of essential drugs on a battle front. This may sound like a figment of imagination, but given India's acute dependence on China for key ingredients (active pharma ingredients) for several essential drugs including several antibiotics, the prospect of such a scenario isn't all that remote. India depends heavily on imports — over 90% — from China for many key raw materials (mostly intermediates and some active pharma ingredients) that go into the making of at least 15-odd essential drugs, reckons a Boston Consulting Group (BCG) and Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) report reviewed by ET.
"Any deterioration in relationship with China can potentially result in severe shortages in the supply of essential drugs to the country. Additionally, China could easily increase prices of some of these drugs where it enjoys virtual monopoly," said Bart Janssens, partner, BCG.
These drugs include the most commonly used painkiller such as paracetamol, Aspirin; antibiotics such as Amoxicillin and Ampicillin, Cephalexin, Cefaclor, Ciprofloxacin, Ofloxacin, Levofloxacin; first line diabetes drug Metformin; antacid Ranitidine.
There are no domestic producers left for many of these such as Penicillin-G, and its derivative 6-Aminopenicillanic acid, or 6-APA, as it is commonly known, making the country entirely dependent on imports for key intermediates used in many essential antibiotics, including semi-synthetic penicillins and semi-synthetic cephalosporins.
The report which the CII and BCG have shared with the government * underlines the risks of such over-dependence on China for critical raw material and commonly used drugs. Any supply risk, in terms of shortage of these advanced intermediates, would endanger the production of APIs and bring the manufacturing of critical drugs to a halt, putting the health of a large proportion of the * total population at risk, he added.
 
A glimpse of just what could go wrong was evident during Beijing Olympics 2008, when China closed down many of its API plants to cut environmental pollution. "This led to an immediate price rise of around 20% in some bulk drugs which were being sourced solely from China. We had no alternative since China has a near monopoly in several APIs," said Ramesh Adige, a pharma expert who was formerly an executive director with Ranbaxy Labs.
Leading Indian drug makers 70% of their total raw material (mainly intermediates) requirements from abroad. Total imports of APIs and advanced intermediates have grown steadily at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 18% over the last ten years, from $800 million in 2004 to $3.4 billion at present. China alone accounts for 58 of these imports by value. In volume terms, China's share of imports stands at about 80%. Government officials told ET that they are aware of the situation. The pharma department, which had recently held a meeting with industry stakeholders, may prepare a 'critical API and intermediate list'. Also, an expert group had been set up separately by the previous government to study the matter.
"To start with, the APIs and key intermediates that are needed for making drugs of strategic importance should be given priority when government decides to create incentives to encourage API manufacturing in India," said Aditya Berlia of Apeejay Stya and Svran Group, whose pharma vertical includes companies that make API as well as formulations.
Also, when the incentive structure of APIs is prepared, cause and effect on the entire pharma and healthcare ecosystem should be considered holistically, Berlia who has studied the matter added. For instance, any knee-jerk reaction such as anti-dumping duties without creating capacities at home and back-up plans could back-fire, warn experts.
"Matching benefits which China gives for export of APIs such as tax holidays, low interest rate loans, subsidy for effluent treatment plants and ensuring production facilities could be the first steps," Adige said. Creating API parks can also help, he adds, so that costs can be shared on effluent treatment plants, power plants, and other common infrastructure. Across fermentation and chemical synthesis-based products (groups where the dependence is more pronounced), the report estimates China to be 15 to 40% more cost competitive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market hopeful of a rally on backdrop of fall in crude oil pricesMarket hopeful of a rally on backdrop of fall in crude oil prices
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 10.57AM IST
Tags:
BofAML
(Declining crude prices…)
MUMBAI: With crude oil prices having corrected by 25% since June to $86/bbl, Dalal Street is sniffing at a rally. In the eight out of 11 occasions since 1991, when Brent crude has corrected by more than 20%, the Indian stock markets have given an average return of nearly 17% in the subsequent three months, data compiled by BofAML since 1991 show.
The Indian benchmark index, Sensex, has also outperformed the MSCI Emerging Market Index seven out of 11 times, with an average outperformance of nearly 13%, indicating there's a 93% correlation between the Indian stock markets and crude prices. "We expect markets to extend its rally, as falling crude oil and other commodity prices are most likely to boost the country's economic growth," said Gautam Trivedi, managing director at Religare Capital Markets.
Declining crude prices have also raised hopes of interest rate cuts. The NSE Bank Nifty hit a lifetime high of 16,702 points, before closing at 16,667 points on Tuesday, while the BSE Sensex rose 128 points, or 0.48%, to close the day at 26,880. Analysts say the recent cuts in domestic petrol and diesel prices may ease inflation by 50 basis points, while the diesel price deregulation leading to a 5% reduction in prices strengthens the case for a rate cut.
"Declining crude oil prices, macro indicators, and government's economic policies are encouraging for the markets. This makes the case for rates to come down, which could act as a trigger for the Indian markets," said Motilal Oswal, CMD at Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Oil marketing companies (OMCs) have gained the most from falling crude prices. Shares of HPCL have rallied by over 62%, BPCL has surged 50%, and IOC has gained 33% over the past six months.
"Direct gainers from lower crude prices are likely to be oil market ing companies such as BPCL, HPCL, IOC, and crude byproduct users like Asian Paints, Dabur, HUL," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
"Lower crude prices also strengthen the case for rate cuts, which are likely to benefit leveraged sectors such as industrials, real estate, banks, and consumer discretionary rate-sensitives such as auto," Jaipuria said. Goldman Sachs has slashed its price forecast for Brent crude to $85 a barrel from $100 for the first quarter of 2015, and has said Brent crude could fall further to $80 a barrel in the second quarter, with the US crude dipping to as low as $70 a barrel, citing abundant supply and lacklustre demand.
"Every $1/bbl decline in crude price reduces under-recoveries estimate by Rs 4,600 crore. The decline in under-recoveries would increase upstream PSUs' net crude realisation. Hence, we reiterate our buy stance on upstream PSUs such as ONGC and Oil India," said Dayanand Mittal, analyst at Ambit Capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Celebrating 75 years of friendshipUpdated: October 29, 2014 09:25 IST
Celebrating 75 years of friendship
M. Soundariya Preetha
Tweet
The Hindu Members of the G.D.Naidu family with the Stoll family of Esslingen, Germany, during a celebration of the 75th year of friendship between the two families, in Coimbatore. Photo:K.Ananthan
What makes the bonding between the two families significant is that it has expanded to become a relationship between two cities (Coimbatore and Esslingen) and two countries
It was September of 1939 and Europe faced the Second World War. Forty- six-year-old Gopalswamy Doraiswamy Naidu from Coimbatore was on a business trip to Germany and was at Holzmaden, Esslingen. He had no place to stay or get vegetarian food and spent a night under the open sky.
Berta Stoll, wife of Gottlieb Stoll, saw G.D. Naidu and invited him to their home, which was nearby. Naidu stayed with the Stoll family for four or five days, cooked his own food with vegetables picked from their garden and thus began the story of a friendship, which has lasted for 75 years, between the two families.
A few years after his visit to Germany, when businesses were down in that country and there were no buyers for German products, Mr. Naidu wrote to his friends the world over, recommending Festo products from the company of the Stolls.
What makes the bonding between the two families significant is that in the last seven-and-a-half decades, it has expanded to become a relationship between two cities (Coimbatore and Esslingen) and the two countries.  
About 20 members of the Stoll family are here on a five-day visit. The second, third and fourth generations of the two families — Stoll and G.D. Naidu- gathered in the city on Sunday to celebrate 75 years of their friendship.
Members of the two families recollected the visits to India and Germany, their education and early days of work at each other’s factories, exchanged gifts and cut a cake.
There is a proposal to twin Coimbatore and Esslingen and the Esslingen Coimbatore Association has been formed. Over the years, the Stolls have also contributed to institutes and hospitals here.
"The Stoll family is into water conservation and research on waste water treatment. We can work together for water conservation and waste water treatment projects here,” says Vanitha Mohan, Managing Trustee of Siruthuli.
According to Coimbatore Mayor P. Rajkumar, cooperation between Esslingen and Coimbatore will help in technology transfer and exchange of ideas. The Mayor of Esslingen is expected to visit Coimbatore next year and efforts are on to have an agreement between the two cities.
“The common interests and value systems have strengthened the friendship between the two families over the years and the friendship has made Coimbatore attractive to them, says a member of the G.D. Naidu family.

Asian Shares Gain on Earnings Optimism  Dovish FedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Rise on Earnings Optimism, Dovish Fed
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 08:21 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Tokyo: Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the US Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.7 per cent, led by a 1.2 per cent rise in South Korean shares while Japan's Nikkei share average rose 1.4 per cent.
US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 coming less than two percent below its record peak set last month.
The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to recover.
Still Fed officials have also stressed they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
"I think the markets are greatly underpinned by expectations that the Fed will maintain a dovish stance, which makes me a bit worried about risk of disappointment," said Hirokazu Kabeya, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities.
Upbeat US earnings so far have also eased worries that corporate profits might be squeezed by sluggish growth in the world, especially outside the United States.
With 245 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings so far for the third quarter, 73.5 per cent have beat analyst expectations, according to Thomson Reuters. Over the past four quarters, 67 per cent of companies have beat estimates.
Still, Facebook Inc shocked investors after the market close on Tuesday, warning of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, falling 8.2 per cent in afterhours trading.
US economic data published on Tuesday was mixed. But a rise in consumer confidence to a seven-year high gave stock bulls enough reason to maintain their optimism on the economic recovery.
Separate data, however, showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
The data dented the US dollar against a broad range of currencies.
The euro rose to a one-week high of $1.2765 on Tuesday and last stood at $1.2738 in Asian trade. The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level in more than two weeks against the US dollar of C$1.1165.
The dollar held firmer against the yen, however, as the Japanese currency was held back by speculation that the Bank of Japan will revise down its economic growth forecast in its economic report on Friday.
The dollar traded at 108.18 yen, not far from a two-week high of 108.36 yen hit last week. It had a muted reaction to data showing Japanese industrial output rose 2.7 per cent in September, slightly above market expectations.
Casting a shadow on risk sentiment, the US Department of Homeland Security said it was increasing security at government buildings in Washington and other cities because of continuing terror attack threats.
Separately, a White House official disclosed on Tuesday that suspicious cyber activity has been detected on the computer network used by the White House but added that measures have been taken to address it.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Wall Street Jumps 1%  S&P Ends Above Key LevelYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Jumps 1%, S&P Ends Above Key Level
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 07:24 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New York: US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 ending above its 50-day moving average for the first time in almost a month as strong earnings eased concerns about the outlook for corporate America.
The gains were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day. Energy stocks were the day's biggest gainers, up 2.2 per cent, while the Philadelphia SE Oil Service index gained 3.4 per cent.
Adding to the day's positive tone was consumer confidence data, which hit its highest since 2007 in October. The report overshadowed a separate read that showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
Amgen Inc climbed 6.1 per cent to $157.19, among the top boosts for the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, a day after its 2015 outlook topped expectations. The Nasdaq Biotech index rose 1.3 per cent.
The majority of US companies reporting third-quarter results have beaten analysts' expectations so far, easing some worries about the impact of a stronger US dollar and weak global demand.
"We haven't seen big global companies downgrade their outlooks because of the stronger dollar or anything else, so earnings coming in so strong has been a relief," said Channing Smith, co-portfolio manager of capital advisors growth fund at Capital Advisors in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
There have been some high-profile earnings disappointments. Twitter Inc fell 9.8 per cent to $43.78 after it posted a slide in a closely watched measure of engagement, even as its user base grew in the third quarter.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 187.81 points, or 1.12 per cent, to 17,005.75, the S&P 500 gained 23.42 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 1,985.05 and the Nasdaq Composite added 78.36 points, or 1.75 per cent, to 4,564.29.
With the day's advance, the S&P 500 ended above its 50-day moving average for the first time since September 29, a sign that momentum is turning more positive. The Russell 2000 jumped 2.7 per cent and traded above its 200-day moving average for the first time since September19.
After the market closed, Facebook Inc posted revenue growth of almost 60 per cent. Shares were little changed in after-hours trading.
Investors were awaiting clues on the outlook for the US economy from the Federal Reserve as the central bank commenced a two-day policy meeting. It is likely to reinforce expectations it will wait a long while before rising interest rates, although the Fed is all but certain to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,582 to 501, for a 5.15-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 2,171 issues rose and 526 fell for a 4.13-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 64 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 36 new lows.
About 6.17 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, below the month-to-date average of 7.92 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ecopetrol Announces Timing for the Earnings Release and Webcast of the Third Quarter of 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Universities may get aid from RBI s education fundThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy@cmp trgt 835 intrdayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kardi sir  i think something really went wrong with this guy.337 Followers
Reposted about 39 days 13 hrs 14 min 4 sec ago by carya1
tanla is a turnaround company and major accumulation is happening..it is moving kind of similar to ybrant when it was at these levels..after some consolidation and accumulation phase the share will blast upwards..just hold on for some more time..once next quarter is in profits this can be in the spotlight for value picks and fund houses will gobble up..UNO METALS is a good candidate who buys huge amount of shares as they did in ybrant..remember BV of tanla is ~61 rs..it can move to this fair value once business turnaround happens..
@alpha ji, pls add more as this query was to u..i just filled what i could..

Buy...jai corp....at cmp....target....94.50....96....sl-90.!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Will b as solid as sardar statue. patience needed till its builtCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

UN Ebola Chief: Quarantine Decisions Must Be Based On Science  Not HysteriaUN Ebola Chief: Quarantine Decisions Must Be Based On Science, Not Hysteria
Reuters
reddit
ACCRA, Oct 27 (Reuters) - Governments must avoid doing anything to deter desperately needed health workers from coming to West Africa to fight Ebola, the head of the U.N. mission battling the virus said on Monday, adding that quarantine decisions must not be based on hysteria.
The U.S. states of New York, New Jersey and Illinois have issued new quarantine rules for people returning from West Africa in response to fears that U.S. federal guidelines do not go far enough to contain an outbreak centered in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone that has infected 10,000 people.
A nurse who was quarantined after returning from Sierra Leone criticized her isolation on Sunday and said she posed no health threat.
"Decisions (on quarantine) should be based on science and fact and not hype and hysteria and decisions should be taken in a way that will promote the most rapid, effective response to the Ebola crisis in West Africa possible," Anthony Banbury, head of the U.N. Ebola Emergency Response Mission (UNMEER), told Reuters.
"Anything that will dissuade foreign trained personnel from coming here to West Africa and joining us on the frontline to fight the fight would be very, very unfortunate," he said in an interview.
Banbury said the mission's top need is for hundreds of foreign healthcare workers. The East African Community has offered 600 workers while Ethiopia has offered 200. (Reporting by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
More:

Govt fast-tracks telecom sector reformsGovt fast-tracks telecom sector reforms
Sanjay Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 11:54 IST
(Photo for representation only. Source: Reuters)
The government has fast-tracked reforms in the telecom sector and plans to clear the proposal allowing spectrum trading and sharing ahead of the year-end deadline as it wants to lift the business sentiment for the forthcoming airwave auction.
While telcos are allowed to share passive infrastructure like mobile towers, which has helped them in reducing operational cost, they are not allowed to share active infrastructure like spectrum. If the 'spectrum sharing and trading' proposal is cleared, it is expected to boost the business sentiment and fetch higher price at the spectrum auction, scheduled for February 2015.
Top government officials said that the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) sees negative sentiment building up over the delay in releasing spectrum to telcos who won it in the February 2014 auction and this could affect the next round of bidding. Chief executives of telcos have already forwarded their request to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) for an immediate hearing concerning the non-availability of spectrum they won this year.
Government sources said that DoT swung into action after the PMO directed it to look into the delay concerning spectrum non-availability. "We have been informally told to address this issue. But this has to be worked out at the highest level as the major chunk of the spectrum which has to be given to private telecom companies is with the defence forces," a top DoT official said.
"We cannot impose decisions on the defence ministry. All we can do now is to expedite the mechanism for auction and guidelines for spectrum trading and sharing. We hope to create a positive environment for telcos. This will also help us in achieving our budgetary target concerning spectrum auction," the official added.
The government has already earmarked a budget target of Rs 45,000 crore against spectrum auction and licence fees. While Rs 18,000 crore will come via licence fees and spectrum charges, the government expects Rs 27,000 crore from the next auction."
According to a memorandum of understanding between the defence ministry and DoT, the former was to free 65MHz of spectrum in the 1,800 and 2,100 MHz bands for commercial use. In return, DoT was meant to complete an optical fibre network that is already two years behind schedule.

Govt`s Invest India arm recieves 3500 queries from prospective investors. Make In India campaign a hitPlatinum Member
48 Followers
Since my knowledge & understanding of the English language is below average, will someone please explain to me the difference in "Make in India" & "Made in India".Is it a literal translation of one of our regional languages or are we trying to coin a new phrase ?
11.08 AM Oct 30th

Maruti Suzuki launches new Swift with enhanced fuel efficiency; price starts Rs 4.42 lakhE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money: The people behind the namesSpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
According to reports, the three businesspersons have been charged under various sections of the Income Tax Act and the Money Laundering Act. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: In an affidavit to the Supreme Court, the government of India on Monday disclosed the names of three businesspersons who have allegedly stashed black money in illegal accounts abroad. These names are: Pradip Burman , the former executive director of Dabur India Ltd, Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya , a Rajkot-based bullion trader and chief promoter of Shreeji Trading Company and Goa-based mining magnate Radha Timblo . According to reports, the three businesspersons have been charged under various sections of the Income Tax Act and the Money Laundering Act.
But who exactly are these people?
Pradip Burman
The second son of former Dabur group of companies chairman Rattan Chand Burman , Pradip Burman is a former executive director of Dabur India. A mechanical engineering graduate from the famed Massachusetts Institute of Technology, he was a member of the Dabur group board from 1979 to 2012. Besides Dabur, Burman is also a member of the board of directors at Aviva Life Insurance.
Burman is the founder-chairman of Sundesh, which according to its website, is a “non-profit organization involved in the education of rural women and other socio-economic activities”.
Dabur, in a statement defending its former executive director, said, “We wish to state that this account was opened when he was an NRI (non-resident Indian) and he was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable. Therefore, it is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush.”
Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya
A Rajkot-based bullion trader, Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya is the chief promoter of Shreeji Trading Company, part of the Shreeji Group. Besides, bullion trading, the group has other business interests, including jewellery ( Shreeji Ornaments Pvt. Ltd ) and real estate (Shreeji Realty). The group, which was founded in 1997, began its operations in the real estate sector, and later consolidated itself into the bullion business.
Lodhiya has been described by the company website, as a “dedicated, visionary, enthusiastic and ambitious young entrepreneur”. His company, Shreeji Trading, claims to be “one of the leading bullion dealers in India, offering wholesale delivery of bullion to domestic users i.e. ornament manufacturers, goldsmiths, jewellers and semi-wholesalers”( mintne.ws/1rvlL5b ).
Reacting to being named in the affidavit, Lodhiya in his statement said, “I am shocked that the government named me.”
Radha Timblo
Radha S Timblo is the director of Goa-based Timblo Pvt. Ltd . She shot into national prominence in 2009-10, when she paid an advance tax of Rs.30.8 crore, along with income tax of Rs.20 crore.
Timblo courted controversy in 2012 when the Goa government allowed her, in partnership with Timblo Pvt. Ltd and others, to operate an illegal mine in Goa by getting a lease renewed. According to a report in The Times of India, in December 2012, the Central Empowered Committee of the Supreme Court in its report said, “It is seen that the mining lease was granted in the name of an individual who had migrated to Pakistan and died there. He was never involved in operating the mining lease or seeking renewal of it.” ( mintne.ws/1DjBxq8 )
The report continues, “The lease has been allowed to be operated illegally by a partnership firm comprising Timblo Pvt. Ltd, Ms Radha S Timblo and others. The mining lease has been renewed by the Goa government in favour of the partnership firm owned and controlled by Timblo family by disregarding and in blatant violation of Rule 37 of Mineral Concession Rule,1960.”

Wall Street plucks Twitter apart: a chartAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Stocks Rise as Profits  Confidence Index ClimbThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

The Feds experiment in quantitative easing is coming to an endBy Ylan Q. Mui October 28 Follow @ylanmui
United States Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Economic Conference on Inequality of Economic Opportunity in Boston. (REUTERS/Brian Snyder)
The Federal Reserve’s $3 trillion experiment in stimulating the nation’s economy is slated to come to an end this week -- a sign of the central bank’s growing confidence in the recovery as well as a tacit acknowledgement of the limits of its powers to boost growth.
The decision to stop pumping money into the economy is expected to come when Fed officials wrap up their two-day meeting in Washington on Wednesday. The program, known as quantitative easing, was originally intended to be a one-time injection of money into a financial system in shock during the darkest days of the crisis in 2008. But over the past six years, the central bank has turned to the program to try to remedy everything from lackluster hiring to a moribund housing market.
The Fed’s continued reliance on the program highlights not only its commitment to lifting the economy, but also its misjudgments earlier on. The central bank was too optimistic about the recovery, and paused quantitative easing twice only to decide later that its earlier efforts had been too modest.
“In 2008, 2009, I did not expect this,” said Don Kohn, who was then vice chairman at the Fed and now is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. “I didn’t really anticipate the need to continue doing more.”
Still, Fed observers credit the central bank, first under Chairman Ben Bernanke and now led by Chair Janet Yellen, with ultimately sticking with its efforts to lift economic growth. Critics said the measures would undermine the dollar in global currency markets and unleash a wave of inflation, but neither has happened. Indeed, inflation has run below the Fed’s 2 percent target.
“It’s not been distracted by the criticism,” said Paul Sheard, chief global economist at ratings company Standard & Poor’s. “You sometimes may lose a little bit of nerve. They stuck to it.”
Today, the economy is enjoying roughly 3 percent annual growth and the unemployment rate has fallen below 6 percent. Yet millions of Americans still have been jobless for more than six months, and millions more hold part-time jobs when they want full-time work. Wages have barely budged.
Studies have shown that quantitative easing has reduced unemployment and pushed down mortgage rates. But Fed officials have had to temper any enthusiasm over those improvements with the recognition that the economy is far from healed.
“These developments are encouraging,” Yellen said of the gains in the job market in a speech this summer. “But it speaks to the depth of the damage that, five years after the end of the recession, the labor market has yet to fully recover.”
The Fed is not alone in charting the course for the nation’s economy. Though independent, it shares that task with the White House and Congress. But those arms of government essentially withdrew from the world of economic policymaking by the beginning of 2013, leaving the Fed alone to try to resuscitate an economy that some warned could be due for a decade or more of pain.
The Fed normally operates by changing its target for short-term interest rates. A higher rate puts a lid on the economy by encouraging saving and making it more expensive for businesses and households to borrow money. A lower rate helps boost growth as cheap money spurs demand.
In the 2008 crisis, the Fed first lowered its key interest rate to zero. It was the economic equivalent of flooring the gas -- but it still wasn’t enough to launch the recovery out of the worst downturn since the Great Depression.
So in the fall of that year, the Fed launched round one of quantitative easing. The Fed was seeking to prevent the market for mortgage-backed securities from crumbling amid a massive selloff by investors as homeowners fell behind on their loans. The Fed stepped in to buy $500 billion worth of securities, essentially propping up the market by pumping it full of money. The central bank didn’t actually print money -- as some critics have accused it of doing --- but instead added to the reserves that banks hold at the Fed.
Even so, it was an aggressive move with what, at the time, seemed like a hefty price tag. And at first, policymakers sought credit. Then-Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke declared the economy was sprouting “green shoots” thanks to new stability in money market mutual funds and the nascent refinancing boom spurred by lower mortgage rates.
But while economists generally agreed that effort helped the country avert another depression, the swift recovery that has historically accompanied downturns remained elusive.
The Fed kept lowering its expectations for economic growth. And so officials found themselves returning to the pump time and again.
The Fed believed the type of massive bond purchases it deployed to salvage the mortgage market had the potential to support a broader swath of the economy. They could help reduce long-term interest rates, encouraging businesses and consumers to borrow and spend money. Lower rates could also force skittish investors to take new risks. And, most importantly, the boost to the recovery would hopefully translate into new jobs for millions of Americans.
What the central bank didn’t realize was how much stimulus it would actually take to make a dent.
The Fed eventually learned that “this is a low potency monetary policy instrument,” Sheard said. “You need to double-down or triple-down.”
The double-down clocked in at $600 billion and came in 2010. The buds Bernanke had predicted failed to bloom. By the time of the Fed’s annual summit in the Grand Tetons in summer 2010, the unemployment rate was still above 9 percent, a surge in hiring had evaporated and inflation was dropping.
“The incoming data suggest that the recovery of output and employment in the United States has slowed in recent months, to a pace somewhat weaker than most [Fed officials] projected,” Bernanke said in a speech at the conference. “I believe that additional purchases of longer-term securities … would be effective in further easing financial conditions.”
A few months later, the Fed announced it would pump another $600 billion into the economy by purchasing long-term Treasury bonds. The move was a hit on Wall Street, as stock markets cemented their steady climb out of the trough of the recession.
But the stimulus was starting to attract criticism both from inside and outside the central bank. Some were concerned that the run up in the size of the Fed’s balance sheet could eventually result in an outbreak of inflation. There were also fears that the central bank was distorting the financial marketplace and creating incentives for investors to take dangerous risks.
“Monetary policy is not Thor’s hammer. It is an awesome weapon. But it has limitations,” Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher said in a speech in late 2011. “If we deploy it incorrectly, we might level more than interest rates and destroy that which we seek to create. And if we let it fly too far from our grasp, we may never get it back.”
Dissent within the ranks of the central bank grew more frequent after decades of relative consensus. The critiques came not just from those who opposed the stimulus, but also from some of its most ardent supporters. They worried that the Fed hadn’t gone far enough. The $600 billion stimulus ended in the middle of 2011, just as improvement in the unemployment rate seemed to stall. Meanwhile, inflation was still subdued and hiring was stuttering.
“When the [short-term interest] rate is at zero, we’re faced with a set of bad options,” St. Louis President James Bullard said in an interview. “I did not think we would have to return to QE3.”
Bullard was using the nickname for the Fed’s third round of so-called quantitative easing -- the triple-down. This time, the central bank was determined not to let the recovery slip again. There were no limits to the program when it was launched in fall 2012. The Fed promised to keep pumping money into the economy until it was convinced that the job market was healthy.
Once again, the announcement fueled a rally on Wall Street. The refinancing boom kicked into overdrive as mortgage rates hit historic lows. The country has added over 200,000 jobs a month this year, and the unemployment rate is closing in on what is considered a normal level.
But two years and more than a trillion dollars of stimulus later, there remain pockets of weakness that the Fed cannot seem to touch.
Central bank officials have repeatedly pointed to government spending cuts as counteracting their efforts to jumpstart the recovery. Wages have stagnated since the recession despite the bull market on Wall Street, prompting criticism that the central bank’s policies have primarily benefited wealthy households -- a charge that causes some officials to bristle. And early this year, the economy unexpectedly shrank – an anomaly that forced the Fed to push back its forecast for a full recovery once again.
Officials struggled to decide when to call it quits. The first hints in spring 2013 that the Fed was considering scaling back its bond purchases sent markets into freefall. Long-term interest rates shot up, causing mortgage rates to jump a percentage point over a few months. The spike contributed to a slowdown in the housing market, undermining the Fed’s ability to a move lest it endanger the recovery. Officials finally announced in December that it would begin wrapping up the program.
"Whenever you get into something new, it really helps to have a clear plan for how to get back out again later," said Andrew Levin, a research fellow at the International Monetary Fund who worked at the Fed for more than two decades.
Though the bond purchases are ending, the Fed is still maintaining its easy-money stance by keeping its target for short-term interest rates at zero. Still, the debate inside the central bank has shifted from boosting the economy to letting the recovery stand on its own. Whether it falters will be the ultimate test of the success of the central bank’s grand experiment.
“It’s not just measuring the benefits. It’s still important to see what the ultimate costs are going to be,” said Elizabeth Duke, a former member of the Fed’s board of governors. “You can’t really judge those until it’s completely unwound.”
Ylan Q. Mui is a financial reporter at The Washington Post covering the Federal Reserve and the economy.

No money this year  happy if we break even in third year: Vijay Amritraj  Promoter  Champions Tennis LeagueHome
Companies
No money this year, happy if we break even in third year: Vijay Amritraj, Promoter, Champions Tennis League
Anand J | Published:  Oct 29 2014, 01:05  IST
Oct 29 2014, 01:05  IST
 

Aggression by new banks may hurt stability: S&Pbank licences
(The central bank awarded…)
MUMBAI: Global ratings agency Standard & Poor's today said any aggressive market share gaining tactics by new entrants may adversely impact the banking sector's stability.
"The sector's stability or risk appetite could be hit if any of the new players relax their underwriting standards or undercut prices to gain market share," it said in a note.
Infrastructure lender IDFC and micro-lender Bandhan were chosen among two dozen applicants to enter the banking fray in February this year, and have an 18-month period to operationalise.
The international ratings agency, however, said that the overall risk in the sector has subsided as the RBI chose only two entities to open shop.
"The immediate threat of a large number of new players entering the already competitive banking industry this year has subsided with the RBI granting banking licenses to just two entities," it said, flagging the issue of under- penetration in banking.
In the days of high risk and moderate growth, the competition for safer, low risk assets among the banks is set to intensify, it said.
With asset quality continuing to remain a trouble for the system --- S&P said the bad assets pose a "downside risk" to economic recovery --- and the gross non performing assets (NPAs) to rise to 4.5 per cent by the end of FY15 as against the four per cent at end of FY14.
"We expect the pace of creation of stressed assets to slow over the next two to four quarters. However, any material improvement in asset quality will lag economic recovery, corporate de-leveraging, decisive steps to alleviate problem of stressed sectors, and some respite from high interest rates," it said.
On the liability and the capital front, it said the large deposit base, infra bond raising capability and a buoyant capital market will help the banks during the year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Data breaches hit most Californians last year 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

House Democratic leaders to the rank-and-file: We need more moneyHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and her top leadership lieutenants at a news conference on Capitol Hill in July. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
This item has been updated.
House Democrats have raised record amounts of campaign cash this year in hopes of chipping away at the Republican majority. But on Tuesday, top leaders delivered a desperate message to rank-and-file members: We need more money.
According to an estimate from one Democrat who listened to the conference call Tuesday during which the request was made, nearly $500,000 was pledged by roughly a dozen Democratic lawmakers who agreed to transfer money from their campaign accounts to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in the hopes of protecting a small group of incumbents and preserving attempts to pick up at least some Republican-held seats.
The call was not limited to current members, so some Democrats who are poised to win their first election in heavily liberal districts contributed, including Debbie Dingell, wife of retiring Rep. John Dingell (D-Mich.), who pledged $50,000 to the DCCC. Ruben Gallego, a 34-year old expected to succeed retiring Rep. Ed Pastor (D-Ariz.), agreed to give $10,000.
During the call, which lasted between 30 and 40 minutes, DCCC head Rep. Steve Israel (D-N.Y.) assured colleagues that their donations would be "transferred into the trenches" to shore up the wavering incumbents.
Ahead of the call, Israel sent a memo to Democrats explaining that nine candidates on a last-minute "Red Alert List" need a big infusion of cash.
The list includes six at-risk incumbents: Reps. Ami Bera (D-Calif.), Julia Brownley (D-Calif.), Bill Enyart (D-Ill.), Pete Gallego (D-Tex.), Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.) and Rick Nolan (D-Minn.), all of whom are freshmen and are facing hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of television attack ads bankrolled by Republicans and GOP-leaning super PAC.
The memo noted that Nolan is facing up to $4 million in ad paid for by the National Republican Congressional Committee: "Nolan must have the resources to communicate in the costly Twin Cities media market."
Leaders also want more money to help three challengers pick up GOP-held seats: Brad Ashford, who's hoping to unseat Rep. Lee Terry (R-Neb.); Aimee Belgard, who's hoping to pick up the seat of retiring Rep. Jon Runyan (R-N.J.); and Domenic Recchia, who Democrats are hoping will defeat embattled Rep. Michael Grimm (R-N.Y.), who is facing federal charges .
While Terry has been airing TV ads since mid-August, Ashford only began advertising recently, according to the memo: "It is essential that Ashford continues to raise the resources he needs to stay on the air through Election Day to keep pace with Rep. Terry."
Ahead of the call, Israel conceded in an interview with The Washington Post that his party's chances of picking up seats and avoiding losses are diminishing.
"I’m not going to sugarcoat it. It’s a tough climate and it’s getting tougher," he said in an interview. "It’s the worst climate since 2010, but it’s not as bad as 2010. The good news for us is that by this point in 2010 many if not most of our competitive incumbents were already down and out. This year we prepared for the climate we have now – not a single one of our incumbents is a lost cause. Every single Democratic race is still competitive and we have a handful of Republican races that are competitive. I’m not going to say we’ll win them all, but we’d always prepared for the worst and the climate right now is pretty tough."
Israel said he would be telling colleagues that "as a result of preparation, the Democrat that they sit next to on the floor of the House is still either ahead in the polls or within the margin of error. So the next week has to be sealing the deal and making sure they can withstand what we expect will be a further blizzard of super PAC money."
But with so many potential pickup opportunities slipping away, Israel and other Democrats are already eager to turn their attention to 2016, when they anticipate that Hillary Rodham Clinton’s presumed presidential campaign will help them make gains. As he seeks last-minute cash from to party donors in order to shore up struggling colleagues, Israel said he’s telling them that “Every race that we save in the last week in 2014 is one less race that we have to worry about in 2016."
The DCCC also released data showing that 90 percent of House Democrats have donated to the campaign committee. Of the 200 members in the caucus, 77 have met or exceeded their dues owed to the campaign committee. Of those, 37 have promised to donate more money by Friday.
The top donor by far is House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), who has helped the DCCC raise more than $60.4 million. next on the list is Israel, who's helped raise nearly $18 million in his role as DCCC chairman. They're followed by House Majority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) ($3.93 million) and Jim Clyburn (D-S.C.) ($3.22 million) and DCCC Finance Chairman Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.) ($2.2 million).
Among rank-and-file members, Reps. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) ($1.25 million), Lois Frankel (D-Fla.) ($1.07 million), Doris Matsui ($775,850), Mark Pocan (D-Wis.) ($624,300), Sander Levin (D-Mich.) ($540,000), Frank Pallone (D-N.J.) ($541,000), Henry Cuellar (D-Tex.) ($496,753) and Derek Kilmer (D-Wash.) ($415,680) were among leading donors to the DCCC. Levin is the ranking member on the House Ways and Means Committee. Eshoo and Pallone are vying to serve as top Democrat on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Frankel is among a small list of Democrats , including Himes, who are said to be interested in serving as the next DCCC chairman.

Say sorry to PM  Amit Shah: BJP rubs it in for ShivSenaPM Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:04 am
Even as the BJP elected Devendra Fadnavis as its legislature party leader on Tuesday, it kept its former ally, the Shiv Sena, waiting. Sources said the BJP’s central leadership wants Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to apologise for his earlier remarks against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party chief Amit Shah.
“The BJP-Sena alliance is a foregone conclusion. It is just a matter of time. But we want to convey our displeasure over their remarks against the Prime Minister and Amit Shah. They will have to apologise,” said a Union Minister.
In the run-up to the polls, Thackeray had said the BJP’s star campaigners were like “Afzal Khan’s aulad”. Addressing a public rally at Tuljapur, he had said, “What are they up to? First Modi comes to campaign, then his entire cabinet team campaigns for votes in Maharashtra. They are like Afzal Khan’s aulad, trying to conquer this state.”
Another issue that has hurt the BJP leadership is an editorial that appeared in Sena mouthpiece Saamna a day after the poll campaign ended. “The BJP ignored Sena after the Lok Sabha win. The Sena played a significant role, otherwise even Modi’s father would not have been able to win majority in the Lok Sabha polls,” it said.
Sources said the BJP has conveyed to the Sena that it wants a public or private apology. The party also wants the Sena to declare its support without any terms and conditions.
The BJP’s list of dos and don’ts form part of the back channel negotiations, which also include discussions on cabinet berths.
Meanwhile, Fadnavis is set to be sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday. “We are not keen on having them (Sena) on board till the swearing-in ceremony on October 31,” said a BJP leader.
“The talks between Sena and BJP are underway. We want to have Sena as our alliance partner,” said BJP general secretary J P Nadda. The BJP, which won 122 seats (one MLA has since died ), will have to prove its majority on the floor of the assembly before November 15.
“The BJP believes Sena, as an alliance partner, would be better in the long run as compared to the NCP’s outside support. Any attempt to join forces with NCP would hurt the BJP’s image,” said a BJP source.
Fadnavis himself had led the campaign against the NCP’s “tainted” ministers during the poll campaign. Moreover, the BJP managed to make inroads in western Maharashtra, which is known to be NCP chief Sharad Pawar’s bastion. Any softening of stand against the NCP at this juncture would disillusion its cadres in the area.

Nothing to hide but Germans protested  others may too:A-GPrint
Mukul Rohtagi
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:00 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:36 am
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said Tuesday that while the government has “nothing to hide” on the issue of black money allegedly stashed by Indians in foreign banks, the list of account holders in HSBC’s Geneva branch has to be placed in a sealed cover in order to uphold the tax treaty with France under which it was obtained.
Replying to a query from The Indian Express, Rohatgi confirmed that Germany, which had provided a list of 18 account holders in LGT bank in Liechtenstein under a similar treaty, had registered its protest with the Indian government after those names were handed over to the Supreme Court in April.
The Supreme Court has directed the Centre — represented by Rohatgi — to disclose to it on Wednesday the names of all those being probed for allegedly stashing black money abroad.
“We have nothing to hide and nobody to shield and this very list has been handed over to the SIT (on black money) on June 27 itself. Having said this, we are also concerned about the future treaties we have to sign, and about information on other black money trails drying up from other countries. We have to put this list in a sealed cover so that we do not violate the terms of the treaty,’’ Rohatgi said.
“The Germans had protested and others may protest too. That is why we are putting these 600 odd names in a sealed cover and asking them (the Supreme Court bench) to keep it only in their custody. We have after all given an unequivocal assurance to the French Government that the information and names supplied on the HSBC list will only be used by India as per terms of the treaty.’’
Rohatgi said that the Government would also hand over to Supreme Court a status report on the progress made in each case, including details about verification of identities of account holders, searches conducted, tax notices sent and money recovered.
In June 2011, France provided details of Indians with bank accounts in the Swiss bank, under the provisions of the Direct Tax Avoidance Convention (DTAC) between the two countries. In March 2009, information on deposits in accounts maintained by 12 trusts and entities with the bank in Liechtenstein was received from the German tax authorities under the DTAC between India and Germany.

Amitabh Bachchan unveils Kamaal R Khans new websiteCelebrity
Amitabh Bachchan unveils Kamaal R Khan’s box office website
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan was present for the unveiling of Kamaal R Khan’s trade website, KRK BOX Office. The launch took place at the Sun & Sand hotel, Juhu, Mumbai. KRK has already found himself in the nub of controversy for his reviews on Shah Rukh’s Khan latest release HNY. Catch some pictures of Amitabh Bachchan from the event.
Mon 27 Oct, 2014 2:58 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
Amitabh Bachchan launched Kamaal R Khan's Bollywood website named 'KRK Box Office.com' in Mumbai. Mr Bachchan gave his best wishes to KRK. Big B looked suave in a black suit with a lavender pocket square.
Amitabh Bachchan launched Kamaal R Khan's Bollywood website named 'KRK Box Office.com' in Mumbai. Mr Bachchan gave his best wishes to KRK. Big B looked suave in a black suit with a lavender pocket square.
Recommend

SoftBank  Paytm talks stumble over valuation...You are here: Home > Collections > Valuation
SoftBank’s plan to invest in Paytm hits roadblock over valuation issues
ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 04.18AM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(Talks on Japanese telecom…)
BANGALORE | NEW DELHI: Talks on Japanese telecom major SoftBank's proposal to invest in New Delhi-based mobile commerce company Paytm have hit a setback over valuation.
SoftBank's offer was lower than the $1 billion valuation Paytm expected, sources told ET. Vijay Shekhar Sharma, the founder of One97, which owns Paytm said the deal is not off the table. SoftBank didn't immediately respond to queries from ET seeking comment.
"The discussion is on. It hasn't been officially decided either way," Sharma said, declining to comment on specifics. Paytm is also in talks with Google Capital, ET had reported earlier.
"We're seeing a lot of interest from other investors, including pure financial investors as well," Sharma added. The company has set an internal deadline of November 3 for receiving proposals and may take a call on final valuation early next month.
SoftBank had offered to invest up to $300 million in Paytm for a significant minority share in the company. ET couldn't ascertain the valuation at which the offer was made.
Besides the promoter's holding in Paytm, SAIF Partners owns 40%. Silicon Valley Bank, SAP Ventures, Intel Capital and Reliance Capital also own equity in the company. Paytm mandated Citigroup and Goldman Sachs to raise private equity capital of $150-200 million. The mobile commerce company plans to use the funds to improve technology, logistics and its headcount.
Earlier on Tuesday, SoftBank chief executive officer Masayoshi Son announced a $627 million investment in Delhi-based e-commerce company Snapdeal. The Tokyo-based company was also a major investor in a group that put in $210 million in taxi rental company Olacab.
Paytm claims over 14 million transactions, including mobile recharges, tickets and shopping deals a month. Its annualised transaction value is $400- 500 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UTI Mutual Fund almost allows DLF to redeem investments despite Sebi banYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
UTI Mutual Fund almost allows DLF to redeem investments despite Sebi ban
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 06.56AM IST
Tags:
Amfi
(UTI Mutual Fund, the country’s…)
MUMBAI: UTI Mutual Fund, the country's fifth-largest asset management company, had a narrow escape from being caught on the wrong side of the law. After Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) barred real estate developer DLF and its promoters from accessing the capital market for three years, UTI MF went ahead with the redemption request of the company's investment with it.
All other fund houses had blocked the withdrawal requests, seeking clarity from Sebi. Realising it was the only fund house to allow the redemption, UTI MF immediately stopped transfer of the proceeds to DLF. "UTI Mutual Fund initially assumed the Sebi order doesn't cover mutual fund units and processed DLF's redemption request," said a person familiar with the development.
"After it realised the stand of the other fund houses, the money was held back in the pool account and was not transferred." The person said there was a "mistake" at UTI MF's end. Had the fund house allowed the redemption, Sebi would have taken action against it.
An e-mail query to UTI Mutual went unanswered. A DLF spokespersonssaid, "As per media reports, the Association of Mutual Funds of India (AMFI) has written to Sebi seeking clarity on whether they can entertain DLF's request to exit its MF investments and are still awaiting a reply from Sebi. We have brought this issue to the attention of SAT in its last hearing on October 22. We will not like to give any further comments as the matter is sub judice."
On October 13, Sebi barred DLF, its chairman KP Singh, some members of the promoter family and a few senior executives from dealing in stocks and securities. The next day, DLF put in its mutual fund investments redemption request with fund houses. Subsequently, leading fund houses and AMFI — the industry body — sought clarification from Sebi on whether its order would indirectly cover mutual funds as these are short-term debt funds. The regulator is learnt to have informally told fund houses that they should seek opinion from their respective legal advisors.
Sebi, however, hasn't officially replied to this query by mutual funds. Lawyers said most mutual funds were right in consulting Sebi about the redemption request as the definition of securities also covers mutual fund units. "As the prohibition on dealing in securities is broadly worded in the Sebi order and does not exclude mutual fund units from the ambit of prohibition, asset management companies have to be cautious in dealing with the issue," said Tejesh Chitlangi, partner, IC Legal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Revenue official  two others held for taking Rs 23 lakh bribeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

AK Sharma is IOC finance headThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Strong India  West Europe business helps Ranbaxy post first profit in six quartersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

OVL to take stake in 2 Vietnam blocksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Guj Toolroom: Outcome of board meetingOct 28, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Guj Toolroom: Outcome of board meeting
Gujarat Toolroom at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has decided the Considered and approved the appointment of Archanaben Gancshrao Shinde as a Woman Director under the category of Independent Director. Considered and reconstituted the following Committees in order to comply with applicable clauses of the Listing Agreement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Guj Toolroom: Outcome of board meeting
Gujarat Toolroom at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, has decided the Considered and approved the appointment of Archanaben Gancshrao Shinde as a Woman Director under the category of Independent Director. Considered and reconstituted the following Committees in order to comply with applicable clauses of the Listing Agreement.
Post your opinion here
 
Gujarat Toolroom Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 28, 2014, inter alia, has decided the following:1. Considered and approved the appointment of Archanaben Gancshrao Shinde as a Woman Director under the category of Independent Director.2. Considered and reconstituted the following Committees in order to comply with applicable clauses of the Listing Agreement:(a) Audit Committee(b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee (formally known as Remuneration Committee)(c) Stakeholders Relationship Committee (formally known as Shareholders/ Investors Grievance/ Transfer Committee)Source : BSE

East Delhi parking rates likely to go upNEW DELHI, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 08:33 IST
East Delhi parking rates likely to go up
Damini Nath
Tweet
The North Delhi Municipal Corporation’s Standing Committee had on October 17 increased the rate to Rs.20 for the first hour and Rs.10 for each subsequent hour.
Come November 1 and parking rates in East Delhi are likely to shoot up from the existing Rs.10 for 10 hours to Rs.20 for normal surface level lots and Rs.30 for premium parking for the first hour.
The East Delhi Municipal Corporation has proposed a substantial hike in parking charges to dissuade the use of private vehicles in order to decongest the Capital. On October 15, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation had hiked the rates to Rs.20 per hour. The North Delhi Municipal Corporation’s Standing Committee had on October 17 increased the rate to Rs.20 for the first hour and Rs.10 for each subsequent hour.
Now, the EDMC’s proposal will be placed before the Standing Committee on Thursday. EDMC Commissioner Manish Gupta, who is also the SDMC Commissioner, said his proposal was based on peak and non-peak hours.
“We have divided parking charges on the basis of locations, whether it is a premium parking lot or a normal surface level parking. We have also kept the peak hour charges high to encourage the use of public transport,” said Mr. Gupta.
The proposed rates for cars are Rs.20 for one hour at a normal surface level parking lot and Rs.30 for a premium lot during non-peak hours. Up to three hours could cost Rs.50 and Rs.75 at normal and premium parking lots, respectively. For peak hours, the proposed car parking rate is Rs.30 for surface parking and Rs.50 for premium lots for one hour. Up to three hours during peak time the proposed rate is Rs.75 for surface level and Rs.100 for premium parking lots.
For two-wheelers, the proposed rate during non-peak hours is Rs.20 and Rs.30 for the first hour for surface and premium parking lots respectively.
However, the differential rates proposed in the South Corporation had been rejected by the BJP-led House. Officials said the East Corporation would also most likely pass a similar increase as the SDMC’s.
“We are yet to finalise the exact rates, but we will increase the parking charges on the lines of the other civic bodies,” said EDMC Leader of the House Ram Narayan Dubey. Officials added that the new rates would likely come into effect from November 1, like the other two municipal corporations’ revised charges.

Asian shares rise on earnings optimism  dovish FedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hong Kong regulator says has completed work on stock connect schemeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India ranked 142 in latest "Ease of Doing Business" report: WBThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Call for 29-oct-2014 :"buy ranbaxy for intraday  target 1: 646.4  targ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good morning dear sevenzero ! i believe this .but i have never studied...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Guys  can someone keep reposting reddy sir`s  lloyd vs its peers 30 se...Gold Member
13 Followers
Guys, can someone keep reposting Reddy sir`s, Lloyd vs its peers 30 sep 14 comparison file? Let it stay at the top everyday in the beginning so everyone who is new gets a chance to see it? I just learned that I cant repost the same post more than once. Thanks.
8.27 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Target 60 in 2-3 mnthCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

GSAT-16 in French Guiana ahead of launchspace programme
The satellite will be launched by Arianespace
GSAT-16, the next national communications satellite, reached French Guiana this week and is on its way to the space port near Kourou ahead of an early December flight, European launch service company Arianespace has said.
The 3,150-kg satellite is scheduled to be flown on an Ariane-5 launcher numbered Flight VA221. Built at the ISRO Satellite Centre in Bangalore, GSAT-16 was sent on a chartered cargo plane to the French Guiana capital of Cayenne.
Over the coming weeks, a team of ISRO engineers will routinely check, test and fully ready it for launch.
The satellite carries C-band and Ku-band transponders which will support VSAT (very small aperture terminal) services, television services and emergency communications across the country.
ISRO advanced the launch date of GSAT-16 by about six months to meet increasing demand for INSAT/GSAT transponder capacity from various industry and government users, ISRO Chairman K. Radhakrishnan recently told The Hindu. It will replace INSAT-3E, which expired a little prematurely in April, at the same 55 degrees east orbital slot over India.
The assembly of the satellite, its foreign launch and insurance cost Rs.860 crore, more than half of it going towards the launch cost. ISROcontracted Arianespace to launch both GSAT-16 and later the GSAT-15 communication satellite. The national space agency is still perfecting its two-tonne-class launcher, the GSLV, and cannot launch these three-tonne-class spacecraft.
It is also working on the GSLV Mark-III that can lift four-tonne payloads. The first experimental flight of MkIII is slated for November or December.
The GSAT-16 will be put in orbit along with DIRECTV-14, a satellite that will provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the U.S.

Manohar Lal Khattar: The vulnerable Punjabi in an unthinkable post in HaryanaManohar Lal Khattar gestures while briefing journalists on what a cabinet meeting decided Monday.
Written by Virender Kumar | Chandigarh | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:24 am
Manohar Lal Khattar is often compared with PM Narendra Modi. Like Modi, he comes from a modest background, lives a simple life, is a former RSS pracharak, and is often seen in the “Modi jacket”, in any case a fashion statement among BJP politicians.
Some also liken him to Nityanand Swami, the first chief minister of Uttarakhand, who was chosen for the job by the BJP when the state came into existence in 2000. Swami too was an old RSS loyalist, known for his integrity and simplicity, and, like Khattar, had no administrative experience.
Swami lasted barely a year as chief minister. Soon after he took over, a whisper campaign began that he was an “outsider”. The fact that he was born in Haryana, something he could not have helped, was held against him although he had studied and worked all his life in Dehradun. Next, he was dubbed impractical and simplistic and, therefore, incapable of ensuring the BJP’s victory in the nascent state’s first election. His rivals in the party succeeded, Swami was removed, and Bhagat Singh Koshyari, another RSS veteran but hailing from the hills, was anointed chief minister. It is another matter that the BJP still lost the election to the Congress.
Khattar is being compared to Swami because, besides these similarities, he also looks vulnerable. His vulnerability comes from the fact that he is a “Punjabi”, a term used in Haryana to describe people who were uprooted from western Punjab during Partition and who chose to settle in what would later become Haryana. Essentially, the term encompasses Hindus irrespective of caste, and excludes Sikhs who are counted separately in political-electoral calculations.
Since Punjabis constitute about eight per cent of the state’s population, they are a can’t-be-ignored political constituency. They hold important positions in all parties; the INLD even has a Punjabi, Ashok Arora, as its president. The Haryana government has almost always had one or two Punjabi ministers. In the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government, it was agriculture minister Paramvir Singh. But a Punjabi chief minister? It was unthinkable, until the BJP chose Khattar.
People like Khattar, even if born and settled in Haryana, are still known as “Punjabis”. In fact, they like to call themselves Punjabis and identify more easily with Punjabis elsewhere because of their common language and culture, which are rooted in pre-Partition Punjab, than with Haryanvis.
It was for that very reason that a Punjabi chief minister in Haryana was unthinkable. After all, wasn’t Punjab reorganised because of a demand for an exclusive Punjabi-speaking state?
Before denouncing this as parochialism, or seeing shades of Haryana’s khap culture in it, one should consider a few questions. Hindus are about one-third of the population of Jammu and Kashmir, but why is the chief minister always Muslim? They are about 47 per cent of the continued…

BJP furious over Shiv Sena invoking Narendra Modi s father in tussle  set to go soloMiscellaneous
BJP furious over Shiv Sena invoking Narendra Modi's father in tussle, set to go solo in Maha
PTI | Mumbai | Published:  Oct 28 2014, 09:57  IST
Oct 28 2014, 09:57  IST
 

Stop titillation on black money  name the 55 000 culpritsStop 'titillation' on black money, name 55,000 culprits you talked about: Congress tells Modi govt
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 28 2014, 13:42  IST
Oct 28 2014, 13:42  IST
 

Lupin Q2 profit up 55%  misses topline & EBITDA estimatesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lupin Q2 profit up 55%, misses topline & EBITDA estimates
Consolidated net profit of the drug maker jumped 55 percent year-on-year to Rs 630 crore during the quarter led by growth in formulations, US and domestic businesses, and also due to higher other income and lower tax cost.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Pharmaceutical firm  Lupin beat street expectations on the bottomline front in second quarter but missed estimates on topline and operational front. Consolidated net profit of the drug maker jumped 55 percent year-on-year to Rs 630 crore during the quarter led by growth in formulations, US and domestic businesses, and also due to higher other income and lower tax cost. Profit in the-year ago period was Rs 406.2 crore.
Consolidated revenue grew by 18.9 percent to Rs 3,173 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 2,668 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Profit was expected at Rs 550 crore on revenue of Rs 3,270 crore for the quarter, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Operating profit (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) climbed 26.2 percent on yearly basis to Rs 833 crore and margin expanded by 150 basis points to 26.2 percent as against analysts' expectations of Rs 896 crore and 27.4 percent, respectively.
Other income (including forex gain) shot up 35.5 percent year-on-year to Rs 110.24 crore while tax expenses declined 25.4 percent to Rs 192.56 crore in the quarter gone by.
Lupin said its US and Europe formulation sales (including IP) grew by 23 percent on yearly basis to Rs 1,359.2 crore during Q2FY15, contributing 44 percent to overall sales. Total formulations business reported a 19 percent growth at Rs 2,799 crore and India formulations business rose by 20 percent to Rs 799 crore, it added.
Japan sales (Kyowa and I’rom) climbed 12 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 345.9 crore and rest of the world business spiked 16 percent to Rs 188.7 crore while Lupin’s South African business subsidiary Pharma Dynamics clocked in sales of Rs 105.7 crore in second quarter, growing by 5 percent.
The company’s API business recorded sales of Rs 318.3 crore during the quarter, growing by 11 percent compared to Rs 286.2 crore in the year-ago period.
Profit during April-September FY15 surged 55.44 percent year-on-year to Rs 1,254.78 crore on revenue of Rs 6,514.22 crore (up 26.6 percent).
"We have had a great first half driven by strong growth in US, India, Japan and our API business. Our research pipeline is evolving well and we expect significant developments in the dermatology and inhalation space in the quarters to come," said Nilesh Gupta, managing director.
At 15:08 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,358, down Rs 36.05, or 2.59 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy  Sun Pharma surgeSensex jumps 128 points; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge
Agencies
Cipla, Amara Raja Batteries hit 52-week highs
Oct 28:  
Indian shares rose on Tuesday to their highest close in more than a month, with drugmakers getting a boost after Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd reported its first profit in six quarters.
Banks also extended recent gains on rising expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut rates earlier than expected next year. State Bank of India rose 2.4 per cent, while ICICI Bank Ltd ended 1.8 per cent higher.
Ranbaxy surged 6.11 per cent, while Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, which is in the process of acquiring it, rose 4.31 per cent.
The benchmark BSE index rose 0.48 per cent, while the broader NSE index gained 0.45 per cent, with both marking their highest close since September 22.
The Sensex rose 128 points or 0.48 per cent at 26,880.82 while the NSE Nifty was up 36 points or 0.45 per cent at 8,028.
The 30-share barometer had lost 98.15 points in the previous session.
Top Sensex gainers: Sun Pharma (4.64%), Cipla (3.31%), SBI (2.67%), Tata Power (2.6%) and GAIL (1.96%).
Among the BSE sectoral indices, Health Care, Bankex, Consumer Durables and Capital Goods were the top gainers.
Nifty gainers
Bank Nifty surged to a fresh all-time high today. Provisionally it was up 0.67 per cent at 16,667.
Cipla and Amara Raja Batteries were among the Nifty stocks that touched their 52-week highs today.
Cipla hit a new one-year peak of Rs 648.80. It ended at Rs 648, up 3.17 per cent against its previous close of Rs 628.10.
Amara Raja Batteries shares hit a 52-week high of Rs 679.90 on the NSE today. It finished at Rs 661, up 5.37 per cent over its previous close of Rs 627.30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better as funds and retail investors made fresh buying, tracking a mixed trend on other Asian markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve’s monetary policy meet.
Besides, expectations of encouraging earnings from more companies also supported the recovery, they said.
Jubilant Foodworks fell 2.2 per cent ahead of earnings. The company will announce Q2 results on Thursday. Traders worry July-Sept same store sales might be weak given increasing competition.
Global markets
World stocks inched up and US bond yields steadied after almost three weeks of gains on Tuesday with Federal Reserve policy setters expected to end six years of aggressive monetary stimulus.
The Fed kicks off a two-day meeting later with markets betting on an announcement that it will stop its post-financial crisis high-intensity asset buying and reinforce that a softly-softly approach will be taken to raising rates.
With the Euro Zone running into turbulence again and China's giant economy also struggling for pace, the prospect of a world without US stimulus has troubled markets over the last couple of months, but they finally seem to be getting used to the idea.
European shares rose for the fourth time in six days, helped by better-than-expected results from pharmaceutical group Novartis and Swiss bank UBS, while the dollar, commodity markets and US bond yields steadied.
"I think in the last few days we have had a reality check," fund management group Hermes' chief economist, Neil Williams, said. "The world is certainly not a happy place at the moment but it hasn't got that much worse in recent weeks." "I'm expecting the Fed to re-assert its dovishness, they haven't come this far including six years of QE (quantitative easing) to end it abruptly and leap towards a rate hike."
London's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC were up 0.5, 1.2 and 0.4 per cent respectively and the euro, the pound and benchmark German government bonds all traded around recent levels.
Gold also recovered its footing after falling to its lowest in nearly two weeks, while emerging market stocks , which are also seen as vulnerable from reduced US and global stimulus, rose 0.7 per cent as hopes of more reforms of state-owned business saw Chinese stocks jump 2 per cent.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

SRK s  Happy New Year  marks biggest weekend openingCelebrity
'Happy New Year' sequel on the cards?
Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone starrer has made the biggest weekend opening ever with Rs. 108.86 crores (17.8 million dollars), beating the high bar set by Aamir Khan's 'Dhoom 3,' which had earned Rs. 107.61 crores (17.6 million dollars) in India.
You might also like:

Devendra Fadnavis elected Maha legislature party chief; all set to be new CME-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Woman consumes acid in MP after hubby goes off to watch Happy New Year aloneA 21-year-old woman consumed acid in Madhya Pradesh’s Shivpuri district after her husband allegedly did not allow her to watch the Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Happy New Year, police said on Tuesday.
The woman's husband allegedly went to watch the movie alone, police added.
The incident took place on Sunday at Khaniyadhana township, about 270 km north of Bhopal.
The woman identified as Neha Sen is battling for her life at a hospital in Gwalior, said Rai Singh, the police officer in-charge of the case.
The film – which features Deepika Padukone as Khan’s love interest – was released on Friday and has already broken the first-day collection record by grossing around about Rs. 45 crore.
The police official, who recorded the woman’s statement, said that Neha’s husband Vishal allegedly cited the heavy Sunday crowd to turn down her request to watch the film.
Upset by the refusal, Neha allegedly consumed a bottle of acid, the official said. Efforts to contact the woman's husband were unsuccessful.
Neha was rushed to the district hospital in a critical condition from where she was referred to Gwalior.
Though no doctor at the Gwalior hospital was available for comments, police said the woman’s internal organs have been damaged by the acid.
Police were yet to register a case.
The official said they were studying relevant sections of law before taking a decision.

Japan`s richest man Masayoshi Son  Chmn of Softbank says Snapdeal can be India`s Alibaba. Flipkart  Amazon in for a tough fightNew Member
0 Follower
We  Indians  can work on extremely thin margins. Cost of living of the  workers is negligible as the logistic support can be  made available at all corners of the country.  Too many educated and unemployed people who are  computer literates too will defeat all the other organizations in sales as they will work on minimum costs. The middle class is swelling in its appetite for consumer goods ,electronics etc. This fact will strengthen the Desi Organizations who are well aware about the working conditions and behavior  of the gentry as a whole. Merely doing a large Capital expenditure and high level of management practices  will not work .Desi  practices and  fundas will rule the market.I have my support for  support for flipkart as I received a book which I had ordered .The delivery boy was just my neighbor.
11.12 AM Oct 29th

No elections in Delhi  in  minority  BJP gets President nod to form govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AAP  Cong taunt BJP for  running away  from Delhi publicE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bangalore railway station becomes 1st station to have WiFi facilityPrint
WiFi facility will be available to the passengers on their mobile phones free of charges, initially for a period of 30 minutes. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:05 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 9:10 pm
Bangalore City railway station has become the first station in the country to have WiFi facility for providing high speed internet to passengers.
WiFi facility will be available to the passengers on their mobile phones free of charges, initially for a period of 30 minutes. For usage beyond 30 minutes, the user may purchase scratch cards, which will be made available at the WiFi Help Desk.
These are priced at Rs 25 for 30 minutes and Rs 35 for one hour and are valid through 24 hours. Additional browsing time can also be purchased on-line using credit/debit cards, a senior railway official said.
RailWire – the retail Broadband distribution model of RailTel Corporation of India Ltd, a PSU of Railway Ministry, is involved in distribution of internet bandwidth through WiFi.
“The WiFi facility at Bangalore is operational after the inaugural of the service by Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda recently,” said the official adding that “with the implementation of the service, Bangalore railway station becomes the first station in the country to have WiFi facility for passengers.”
RailTel has been mandated by Railways to provide WiFi facility at major stations, the official said.

BP Writes Down KG-D6 Value by $770 MnAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: BP Plc has written down the value of its shareholding in eastern offshore KG-D6 block by $770 million following a lower-than-expected gas price hike which it saw as a transition to market-based pricing.
Announcing its third quarter results, BP announced a $770 million write-down in value of KG-D6 although it said the new gas pricing formula, as a transition to market-based pricing, was a step in the right direction.
BP in 2011 bought a 30 per cent interest in Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 as well as 20 other oil and gas exploration blocks for $7.2 billion. Bulk of this was for the producing block of KG-D6 and gas discovery area of NEC-25.
"The third-quarter result included a $770-million charge (which we classify as a non-operating item) to write down the value ascribed to Block KG-D6 in India," BP said in a statement.
The charge, it said, "arises as a result of uncertainty in the future long-term gas price outlook, following the introduction of a new formula for Indian gas prices, although we do see the commencement of a  transition to market-based pricing as a step in the right direction".
The government had on October 18 approved a new formula for pricing of all domestic gas. When the formula comes into effect from November 1, the rate would be $5.61 per million British thermal unit as against the current $4.2.
The price is lower than $8.4 approved by the previous UPA government and general expectation of a rate around $6.5 after some deductions from that price.
"The gas price decision increases the gas price applicable for existing production and is a first step towards creating the more competitive economic landscape required to encourage the development of India's gas resources," a BP India spokesperson said.
"The timing of this gas price decision just prior to our Q3 stock exchange announcement and the requirement to understand the long term price-outlook to support future developments has led to the write down. This is in compliance with standard accounting policies and Securities Exchange requirements," the spokesperson said.
Both BP and RIL have been advocating market-linked gas pricing and had initiated an arbitration against the government for not revising rates from the due date of April 1, 2014.
The $4.2 per mmBtu rate, fixed in 2007, was for the first five years of production from KG-D6 fields. KG-D6 fields started gas output from April 1, 2009.    
BP said it expects further clarity on the new pricing policy and the premium that the government has promised to pay for future deepsea and complex gas discoveries.
"We expect further clarity on the new pricing policy and the premiums for future developments to emerge in due course," the statement said.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 21:11 (IST)

PwC partners Google to offer business solutions to clientsOct 28, 2014, 09.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
PwC partners Google to offer business solutions to clients
From Google firms get innovation, technology platforms and Internet scale, while PwC brings deep industry experience, a broad range of business services and cutting-edge client insights, from strategy through execution, it added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PwC partners Google to offer business solutions to clients
From Google firms get innovation, technology platforms and Internet scale, while PwC brings deep industry experience, a broad range of business services and cutting-edge client insights, from strategy through execution, it added.
Post your opinion here
 
Global consultancy firm PwC today said it has partnered with US-based tech giant Google to offer new and innovative services to companies around the world.   
"Rapid pace of innovation in technology has fundamentally changed how and where work gets done, driving organisations to transform their businesses for the future. Together, PwC and Google can help that transformation happen," PwC said in a statement.
From Google firms get innovation, technology platforms and Internet scale, while PwC brings deep industry experience, a broad range of business services and cutting-edge client insights, from strategy through execution, it added.
Together PwC and Google will help companies collaborate more effectively, better use technology and information and adapt to the disruptive forces shaping the world. "PwC is teaming with Google to offer our joint knowledge and capabilities to clients, giving them one place to go, maximising experience and assets from both organisations," PwC Vice Chairman (Transformation) Mike Burwell said.
The two plan to help firms succeed by leveraging PwC's business insights along with Google Apps, Google's suite of cloud enabled collaboration and productivity tools. Besides, using the combined power of PwC's analytical acumen and Google's Cloud platform to help businesses make the most of technology and information and be better equipped to compete, creating new services to reinvent and optimise
operations, connect with consumers and provide an enhanced customer experience.
PwC has also begun to introduce Google for Work products to its own operations. PwC is transitioning 40,000 people in the US and 5,000 people in Australia to Google Apps.
RELATED NEWS

ABB India net jumps 26%; Frank Duggan is new board chairmanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM  says will lead people s govtDevendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:37 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:12 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis will be the new chief minister of Maharashtra after he was elected the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s legislature party on Tuesday, as the party continued talks with former ally Shiv Sena on whether to form a government together.
Advertisement
Fadnavis is the first BJP chief minister of the state and will head a minority government if the party fails to strike a deal with the Sena.
He will be sworn in along with seven ministers on Friday at Wankhede Stadium.
At 44, Fadnavis will be the second youngest Maharashtra chief minister - next only to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar, who was sworn in when he was 37 years old. Fadnavis will also be the first BJP CM in the politically crucial state.
Speaking in Marathi and Hindi as supporters went wild celebrating his elevation, Fadnavis credited the BJP's performance in the assembly polls to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, party president Amit Shah and other colleagues.
"It will be a government of people… We will follow the path shown by Modiji," Fadnavis said after his selection.
"I thank the party for picking me, though there were other eligible people," he added.
Complications had cropped up after nearly 40 BJP legislators from the Vidarbha region - where the party won 44 seats in the assembly elections - openly backed Union minister Nitin Gadkari for the top job. Three MLAs even offered to quit in order to pave the way for Gadkari to get elected.
Amid the confusion, Gadkari met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat on Saturday. There were indications the BJP's parent body had endorsed Fadnavis as CM.
According to RSS insiders, Bhagwat wanted Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to take the reins of the state. The RSS chief is believed to have advised Fadnavis to take major decisions after consulting Gadkari.
Fadnavis, whom Modi had described as "Nagpur's gift to the country" at an election rally, had headed the BJP in the state when it posted most impressive performances in both Lok Sabha and assembly polls.
Known to be a meticulous politician with a clean image, he has his roots in the RSS. The BJP CM-designate tore into the former Congress-NCP government during the election campaign, making the issue of corruption both a poll plank and an election promise.
An articulate politician, he is also credited with pushing the previous government into a corner over the alleged irrigation scam, which many say is primarily responsible for a spate of suicide by farmers in the parched Vidarbha region.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is also the only the second Brahmin to become the chief minister — after BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi .
Unlike some of those whose names were doing the rounds for chief ministership, Fadnavis has never held any ministerial position. Fadnavis’ detractors had highlighted his lack of administrative experience to edge him out of the race.
However, his clean public image and solid backing from the Modi-Shah combine helped the young leader from Nagpur emerge as the winner.
According to reports, just seven BJP ministers will take oath on Friday in an event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
To ally or not to ally
There is still no clarity, however, on whether the BJP will join hands with the Shiv Sena to form the government.
"BJP wants to take Sena along,"  JP Nadda, party-in-charge of Maharashtra, said on Tuesday.
The Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on Friday.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP told the Sena on Sunday to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The NCP weakened the Sena's case further when Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
(With agency inputs)

Vietnam  India scale the Great Wall of Chinaprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Vietnamese counterpart, Nguyen Tan Dung, at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi. (Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
The strategic gap that kept India and Vietnam apart in the past may have at least been bridged with the present Vietnamese prime minister's visit.
The two have a bond going back to India's support for Vietnam in its successive wars with France, the US and China. Both have territorial disputes with China and want to use third countries to counterbalance Beijing's preponderance. But geography has been an issue: India cannot project its naval power into the South China Sea and Vietnam is too far to help New Delhi in its border issues with Beijing.
The 2007 strategic partnership struggled to get substance. The two countries have flirted, but have seen other countries as more useful for keeping the dragon at bay.
Countries often pose tests to each other, asking the other side to show the depth of their strategic love. Until recently, India and Vietnam were failing each other's tests.
India had seen a planned $5 billion Tata Steel plant in Vietnam as a test given evidence that Beijing, using a front company, was the obstacle. When the plant foundered, industry sources say, Hanoi stepped in and Tata Power wound up with a $3.8 billion thermal power project in "record time."
Vietnam, in turn, begged for the Brahmos cruise missile as it desperately needed a ship-killer to counter China's naval superiority. Until last year, the other Brahmos partner Russia had declined to allow the sale. After Moscow gave the green signal, it was up to India.
Read: India to strengthen defence cooperation with Vietnam
New Delhi, say official sources, have now told the Vietnamese that they would be provided "anything they wanted militarily" - Brahmos included. However, India was in the process of negotiating its entry into the Missile Control Technology Regime, a global technology denial regime for 300-km plus range missiles that had so far kept India out. Once it got into the MTCR, India would have access to top-end missile and rocket technology and greater ability to export the same. Message to Hanoi: the missile is yours once we're in. A civil nuclear agreement could follow when India joins another technology denial regime, the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Jay Ranade, head of the Centre for China Analysis and Strategy, says that "At the very least, India should begin negotiations with Vietnam. This would in any case take some time and would allow us to, one, monitor developments on the Chinese front and, two, send a message to Beijing."
India also wants to diversify its investment portfolio in Vietnam. New Delhi is concerned that it will be unable to join the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement presently being negotiated and wants to use Vietnam, a likely member, to serve as a gateway into the TPP market later on. The two sides also had informal talks about a possible trilateral with Japan, another strategic hedge that both sides are considering.
China will be unhappy, say sources, but as the recent Chinese nuclear submarine docking in Sri Lanka showed, India's sense is that it will need a Vietnam to give a similar naval poke to China as and when needed.

SC pulls up Centre on black money  demands full list of names todaySupreme Court pulls up Centre over black money, asks it to submit full list of names today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:59 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Wednesday, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
Sternly rejecting the Centre’s argument that revealing the identity of legal account holders would amount to breach of privacy, a special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu said, “Don’t give us your list... but the names given to you by France and Germany. If it breaches confidentiality, let it be.”
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
“Why are you taking the trouble to investigate? We have taken the responsibility to bring back the (black) money and we will decide the future course (of action),” the CJI said when attorney general Mukul Rohatgi argued that a modification was imperative as the court order was acting as a hindrance in signing future tax treaties.
The top law officer, who denied the government was shielding anybody, offered to give the names to the court-appointed special investigating team (SIT) after completion of the probe.
But the court retorted, “It (probe) will never happen during our time. You don’t verify. Just pass (on) the information to us. We will ask the SIT or income tax department or probably the CBI to investigate… Let SIT declare the accounts don’t have a tinge of black money. If the money is hard-earned, nobody will insist it be brought back.”
Read: Govt discloses eight names to SC, no politician in first list
Bowing to the court’s direction, Rohatgi later told HT, “There are over 600 names in the list — we will give the entire list in sealed cover to the court. I’m sure the court will take appropriate steps to maintain their confidentiality.”
“The government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it (the list) to the court, and the government shall place the list before the court because the government has already given it to the court-constituted SIT,” finance minister Arun Jaitley also told the media.
“The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law, we must get to the root of the matter and the truth about these names as also these accounts must come out.”
The court’s direction came a day after the Centre filed an affidavit giving the names of seven individuals and a mining company who have allegedly stashed black money abroad and are facing prosecution for tax evasion under the Income Tax Act.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter. Accusing the BJP of protecting such people, he also tweeted, “If BJP discloses all black money holders’ names, then who will give them money to fight elections in some states and buy MLAs in others?”
The Congress, on its part, said the court order had exposed the Centre’s “lame excuses” on disclosure of names and vindicated its stand that there should not be partial and selective leaks. “During the Lok Sabha election campaign, BJP leaders were declaring from the rooftops that black money stashed abroad would be brought back within 100 days. But when it came to declaring the names, they just released three,” general secretary Ajay Maken said.

The New York Times: Olivia Pope doesnt know how to drink wineBy Tim Herrera October 28 Follow @TimHerrera
Hold it by the stem, Olivia! (Ron Tom/ABC)
Women drink red wine! Did you know that? But only women. And they definitely, definitely do not drink white wine.
It’s true; I read it in the New York Times.
The Paper of Record just published 1,300 words about how red wine is having a ~moment~ because Olivia Pope drinks it on “Scandal” and Alicia Florrick drinks it on “The Good Wife.” That’s basically it, there’s nothing more to summarize, that’s all I have for you.
We’re all busy people, so to save you a little time, we present the second in our ongoing series : Hate Reads by the Numbers — NYT off the Wagon Edition.
8: Sentences that genuinely critique Olivia Pope’s wine-drinking techniques. (FYI: It’s bad and she could use some pointers on how to drink wine. Calling all underemployed wine writers, ahem.)
5: References to, dang, women on TV sure do drink wine out of enormous glasses and/or they fill them up a lot.
3: Condescending asides about beer being the swill of schlubby and unrefined commoners.
1: Confused and confusing descriptions of how Americans view red wine. (Spoiler: Red wine is “effete,” “foreign” and not foreign at the same.)
3: Paragraphs about how white wine is only for weak “wimps” and women who don’t convey power. (Really.)
1: Intimations that, hey, not trying to buzzkill here or anything, but I really think Kathie Lee Gifford and Hota Kotb have a drinking problem.
1: Wine critics who should maybe just relax a little bit and have a glass of wine (but not white, that’s weak).

Supreme Court rejects Nithari killer s pleaSC rejects Nithari killer's plea
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Oct 28 (IANS) The Supreme Court Tuesday rejected the plea by Nithari killer Surinder Koli seeking recall of the judgment upholding his death sentence in Rimpa Haldar murder case.
The apex court bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu, Justice Anil R. Dave and Justice S.A. Bobde, in the first open court hearing of the review petition of death sentence cases, said that "we are fully satisfied that this court has not committed any error that may persuade us to review the order" upholding his death sentence.
Referring to the argument by senior counsel Ram Jethmalani that Surinder Koli was not given a proper legal assistance to defend his case, the court directed that in future the trial court will ensure that the accused in other cases be given proper legal assistance by a lawyer of expertise and who can devote time.
Jethmalani said the entire evidence relied upon by the trial court in convicting and sentencing Koli to death clearly shows that he was tormented by the police to give evidence against himself and autopsy report shows that the murder of 14 children was done by medical expert precision with the objective of trading in organs.
Recommend

Venezuelas government recalls ambassador to SpainPrint
By: Associated Press | Caracas | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:18 am
Venezuela’s socialist government on Tuesday recalled for consultations its ambassador to Spain to protest Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy’s call to free a jailed opposition activist who led anti-government protests earlier this year.
Rajoy met with the wife of jailed hardliner Leopoldo Lopez last week in Madrid and posted on Twitter a short message urging his release.
Although that’s something the United States, the United Nations and other foreign governments have demanded previously, it was enough to trigger an angry rebuke from President Nicolas Maduro, who blasted the conservative leader for “interfering” in Venezuela’s affairs.
“He thinks he’s the king, the owner of the Americas,” Maduro said last week, accusing Rajoy of trying to distract attention from Spain’s economic problems. “Go talk about the disaster you’re creating for the Spanish people.”
Opposition leaders however say it’s Maduro that is looking for a scapegoat, as Venezuelans grow frustrated with long lines for food and other basic goods, the result of an economic crisis in the oil-rich nation marked by soaring 60 percent inflation and a drought of dollars.
Lopez has been jailed since February for leading protests that rocked Venezuela in February seeking to force Maduro’s resignation just a few months after his party prevailed in municipal elections. He is charged with inciting violence.
It’s not the first time Venezuela’s socialist government has picked a fight with the former colonial power.
Former Spanish King Juan Carlos famously told the late Hugo Chavez to “shut up” at a regional summit in Chile in 2007. Venezuela threatened to cut commercial and diplomatic ties at the time but the dispute was smoothed over by Spain’s then-socialist government.

Texas executes ex-gang member for deaths of threeThis undated handout photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Miguel Paredes.
By: Associated Press | Huntsville | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:06 am
A former gang member has been put to death for the fatal shootings of three rivals 14 years ago in San Antonio.
Thirty-two-year-old Miguel Paredes was convicted along with two other men in the September 2000 slayings of three people with ties to the Mexican Mafia.
They were shot after showing up at a home to collect drug money. Their bodies were rolled up in a carpet, driven about 50 miles (80 kilometers) southwest, dumped and set on fire.
Paredes was executed Tuesday evening after the US Supreme Court turned down a last-day appeal from attorneys who contended he was mentally impaired.
His execution was the 10th this year in Texas, the most active death-penalty state in the US One other Texas inmate is set to die in December.

Girls accused of trying to join jihadis confused about her possible rolePrint
By: Associated Press | Denver | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:54 am
One of three girls who authorities say tried to join Islamic State militants in Syria was confused about what her role would be if she had actually made it there, the girl’s father said Tuesday.
The FBI says a 16-year-old Somali girl and her friends, 15- and 17-year-old sisters of Somali descent, were headed toward Turkey en route to Syria when authorities stopped them on Oct. 20 at the Frankfurt, Germany airport. They sent them back to Denver, where FBI agents again interviewed them before releasing them to their parents without pressing charges.
“She told me they were going to get there and somebody is going to contact them,” said the father of the 16-year-old, who spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because he is concerned for the girls’ safety. “I ask her, ‘Who’s that person?’ She actually didn’t have a clear idea about what’s going on. They’re just like, you know, stupid little girls. They just want to do something, and they do it.”
They’re safe now, but the father said he is still troubled by lingering questions about their intentions, who recruited them online and how they were so easily able to board a plane and head overseas.
The FBI is focusing on what contacts they had in Syria, having searched the girls’ computers for clues.
“What they did is unacceptable, and they changed their lives, and they changed our lives,” the father said, adding that he pulled his daughter out of school. She hasn’t had contact with her friends. She told her father she was afraid to talk to him about going to Syria because she knew he would oppose it. “She realizes she made a mistake.”
He said he became concerned Oct. 17, when his daughter’s high school called to say she had not shown up for classes. He texted her, and she responded that she was just late, but she didn’t return home, and her brother mentioned a disturbing Twitter conversation from her account.
“She asked her friends to pray for her because she and the other two girls … and at that time, I just knew that something really bad was going to happen,” he said. Then, he noticed her passport missing. He called the FBI and his state lawmaker, Rep. Daniel Kagan, for help.
Authorities said the girls had saved their money and stole from their parents to buy their tickets in cash at a Lufthansa counter at Denver International Airport. Their overseas trip raised no red flags. The U.S. government doesn’t have any restrictions on children flying alone, domestically or internationally. Most U.S. airlines allow children 12 and older to fly alone but often with restrictions on international flights.
The girl left behind her laptop, which showed she had been researching whether minors could travel alone and if an entry visa to Turkey was required.
The father wasn’t sure how his daughter, a typical high school girl who likes going to the movies and the mall, was lured to terrorism online. Officials have said one of the girls continued…

Commercial supply rocket explodes at liftoffAn unmanned commercial supply ship bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff.
By: Associated Press | Cape Carnival | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:26 am
An unmanned commercial supply ship bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff on Tuesday evening, with debris falling in flames over the launch site.
No injuries were reported following the first catastrophic launch in NASA’s commercial spaceflight effort.
Orbital Sciences Corp’s Antares rocket blew up over the launch complex at Wallops Island, Virginia, just six seconds after liftoff. The company said everyone at the launch site had been accounted for, and the damage appeared to be limited to the facilities.
Flames could be seen shooting into the sky as the sun set.
“Maintain your consoles,” Orbital Sciences’ Mission Control informed the roomful of engineers and technicians. All data were being collected for use in the ensuing investigation.
The Cygnus cargo ship was loaded with 5,000 pounds (2,268 kilograms) of experiments and equipment for the six people living on the space station. It was the fourth Cygnus bound for the orbiting lab; the first flew just over a year ago.
NASA spokesman Rob Navias said there was nothing urgently needed by the space station crew on that flight. In fact, the Russian Space Agency was proceeding with its own supply run on Wednesday.
NASA is paying the Virginia-based Orbital Sciences and the California-based SpaceX company to keep the space station stocked in the post-shuttle era.
Until Tuesday, all of the companies’ missions had been near-flawless and the accident was sure to draw criticism in Washington. The commercial spaceflight program has been championed by President Barack Obama.
NASA said the six residents of the orbiting lab were informed of the accident.

In Govt-RSS tango  5 ministers meet SanghPrint
Sources said such meetings, conceptualised to build trust between the govt and RSS, would be a regular affair.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:05 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 5:08 am
Setting in place a mechanism for “better coordination” between the BJP-led government and the RSS, the first meeting between union ministers and representatives of Sangh affiliated organisations was held on Tuesday.
While the government was represented by Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar, Power Minister Piyush Goyal and Minister of State for Agriculture Sanjeev Kumar Balyan, RSS pointsman for BJP Krishna Gopal, senior functionary Suresh Soni, and BJP general secretaries Ram Lal, Ram Madhav and P Murlidhar Rao were also present at the four-hour-long meeting.
Union Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitaraman was expected to attend the meeting but could not make it as she was away on an official tour.
Twenty-nine people, including leaders of Sangh affiliates like Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, Vanvasi Kalyan Ashram, Laghu Udyog Bharati and Sahakar Bharati, were also present.
“With today’s meeting, the process of coordination between the government and the RSS has been initiated. Today, the meeting was with the ministries related to economic activities. It was a general meeting and will be followed by consultations between the individual organisations and the concerned ministries,” said a source who attended the meeting.
“The ministers will take suggestions and feedback from the Sangh leaders and, in the process, confrontation on policy matters can be avoided,” he added.
Sources said such meetings, conceptualised to build trust between the government and the RSS, would be a regular affair. “Organisations working in different sectors will have similar meetings with the concerned ministries. For example, those working in the education sector will have consultations with HRD, Science and Technology etc,” said the source.
While organisations working in the service sector will meet the concerned ministers on Wednesday, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani will consult representatives of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and Vidya Bharati on Thursday.
“Tuesday’s meeting was just to share perspectives. We want to avoid confrontation on policy matters. Certain initiatives by the government have already created some difference of opinion among us,” said another person who attended the meeting. The SJM and BKS have opposed a decision of the Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee to approve field testing of GM food crop, and FDI in defence and railways.
“We had several demands but this meeting was too brief to take up all of them. We raised our most important demands — regularise contract workers, grant them all benefits at par with regular workers and give central government employee status to anganwadi workers. The Labour Minister was favourable to our demands. He said he needed some time to study the matter,” said BMS general secretary Virjesh Upadhyay.
Earlier, the BMS had announced that it would oppose the proposed changes to the Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and the Apprentices (Amendment) Bill 2014, introduced by Tomar during the budget session. RSS affiliated organisations like SJM and BKS continued…

Say sorry to PM  Amit Shah: BJP rubs it in for Shiv SenaPM Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:04 am
Even as the BJP elected Devendra Fadnavis as its legislature party leader on Tuesday, it kept its former ally, the Shiv Sena, waiting. Sources said the BJP’s central leadership wants Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray to apologise for his earlier remarks against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party chief Amit Shah.
“The BJP-Sena alliance is a foregone conclusion. It is just a matter of time. But we want to convey our displeasure over their remarks against the Prime Minister and Amit Shah. They will have to apologise,” said a Union Minister.
In the run-up to the polls, Thackeray had said the BJP’s star campaigners were like “Afzal Khan’s aulad”. Addressing a public rally at Tuljapur, he had said, “What are they up to? First Modi comes to campaign, then his entire cabinet team campaigns for votes in Maharashtra. They are like Afzal Khan’s aulad, trying to conquer this state.”
Another issue that has hurt the BJP leadership is an editorial that appeared in Sena mouthpiece Saamna a day after the poll campaign ended. “The BJP ignored Sena after the Lok Sabha win. The Sena played a significant role, otherwise even Modi’s father would not have been able to win majority in the Lok Sabha polls,” it said.
Sources said the BJP has conveyed to the Sena that it wants a public or private apology. The party also wants the Sena to declare its support without any terms and conditions.
The BJP’s list of dos and don’ts form part of the back channel negotiations, which also include discussions on cabinet berths.
Meanwhile, Fadnavis is set to be sworn in as the BJP’s first chief minister in Maharashtra at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday. “We are not keen on having them (Sena) on board till the swearing-in ceremony on October 31,” said a BJP leader.
“The talks between Sena and BJP are underway. We want to have Sena as our alliance partner,” said BJP general secretary J P Nadda. The BJP, which won 122 seats (one MLA has since died ), will have to prove its majority on the floor of the assembly before November 15.
“The BJP believes Sena, as an alliance partner, would be better in the long run as compared to the NCP’s outside support. Any attempt to join forces with NCP would hurt the BJP’s image,” said a BJP source.
Fadnavis himself had led the campaign against the NCP’s “tainted” ministers during the poll campaign. Moreover, the BJP managed to make inroads in western Maharashtra, which is known to be NCP chief Sharad Pawar’s bastion. Any softening of stand against the NCP at this juncture would disillusion its cadres in the area.

New Zealanders to vote on flag change in 2016New Zealand will hold a binding referendum in 2016 on whether to change the national flag, said John Key.New
By: Agence-France Presse | Wellington | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:27 am
New Zealand will hold a binding referendum in 2016 on whether to change the national flag, Prime Minister John Key said today.
Key is a strong supporter of ditching the current flag, which features the Union Jack of former colonial power Britain in one corner, in favour of a more recognisably New Zealand banner.
“Our flag is the most important symbol of our national identity and I believe that this is the right time for New Zealanders to consider changing the design to one that better reflects our status as a modern, independent nation,” he said in a statement.
Key has previously said he would like to see a new flag featuring a silver fern, on a black background, similar to the banner already used by many New Zealand teams such as the All Blacks.
The centre-right leader vowed to press on with plans for a change after convincingly winning a third term in a general election last month, despite opposition from some quarters, such as veterans groups.
Key said Deputy Prime Minister Bill English would convene a cross-party committee covering the entire political spectrum to choose a number of potential designs for a new flag.
The government will then hold a referendum in 2015, allowing the public to choose a preferred option from the range selected by the committee.
A second referendum is then planned for 2016, when voters will chose between the existing flag and the new design.
“Retaining the current flag is a possible outcome of this process and the consideration of options will be done carefully, respectfully and with no presumption in favour of change,” Key said.
The existing flag was first used in 1869 and formally adopted in 1902. Its supporters say that New Zealanders have fought and died under it for generations and a change would dishonour their memory.
But critics argue it is too easily confused with those of other former British colonies such as Australia, which has an almost identical design.

Wall Street Jumps 1%  S&P Ends Above Key LevelThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Unmanned supply rocket for space station explodes on liftoff in U.S.Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

 Asian Shares Gain on Earnings Optimism  Dovish FedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Rise on Earnings Optimism, Dovish Fed
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 08:21 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Tokyo: Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the US Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.7 per cent, led by a 1.2 per cent rise in South Korean shares while Japan's Nikkei share average rose 1.4 per cent.
US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 coming less than two percent below its record peak set last month.
The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to recover.
Still Fed officials have also stressed they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
"I think the markets are greatly underpinned by expectations that the Fed will maintain a dovish stance, which makes me a bit worried about risk of disappointment," said Hirokazu Kabeya, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities.
Upbeat US earnings so far have also eased worries that corporate profits might be squeezed by sluggish growth in the world, especially outside the United States.
With 245 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings so far for the third quarter, 73.5 per cent have beat analyst expectations, according to Thomson Reuters. Over the past four quarters, 67 per cent of companies have beat estimates.
Still, Facebook Inc shocked investors after the market close on Tuesday, warning of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, falling 8.2 per cent in afterhours trading.
US economic data published on Tuesday was mixed. But a rise in consumer confidence to a seven-year high gave stock bulls enough reason to maintain their optimism on the economic recovery.
Separate data, however, showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
The data dented the US dollar against a broad range of currencies.
The euro rose to a one-week high of $1.2765 on Tuesday and last stood at $1.2738 in Asian trade. The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level in more than two weeks against the US dollar of C$1.1165.
The dollar held firmer against the yen, however, as the Japanese currency was held back by speculation that the Bank of Japan will revise down its economic growth forecast in its economic report on Friday.
The dollar traded at 108.18 yen, not far from a two-week high of 108.36 yen hit last week. It had a muted reaction to data showing Japanese industrial output rose 2.7 per cent in September, slightly above market expectations.
Casting a shadow on risk sentiment, the US Department of Homeland Security said it was increasing security at government buildings in Washington and other cities because of continuing terror attack threats.
Separately, a White House official disclosed on Tuesday that suspicious cyber activity has been detected on the computer network used by the White House but added that measures have been taken to address it.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Wall Street jumps 1%  S&P ends above key levelOct 29, 2014, 07.47 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Wall Street jumps 1%, S&P ends above key level
The gains were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day. Energy stocks were the day's biggest gainers, up 2.2 percent, while the Philadelphia SE Oil Service index gained 3.4 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wall Street jumps 1%, S&P ends above key level
The gains were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day. Energy stocks were the day's biggest gainers, up 2.2 percent, while the Philadelphia SE Oil Service index gained 3.4 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks rose more than 1 percent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 ending above its 50-day moving average for the first time in almost a month as strong earnings eased concerns about the outlook for corporate America.
The gains were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors up on the day. Energy stocks were the day's biggest gainers, up 2.2 percent, while the Philadelphia SE Oil Service index gained 3.4 percent.
Adding to the day's positive tone was consumer confidence data, which hit its highest since 2007 in October. The report overshadowed a separate read that showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
 
Amgen Inc climbed 6.1 percent to USD 157.19, among the top boosts for the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, a day after its 2015 outlook topped expectations. The Nasdaq Biotech index rose 1.3 percent.
The majority of US companies reporting third-quarter results have beaten analysts' expectations so far, easing some worries about the impact of a stronger US dollar and weak global demand.
"We haven't seen big global companies downgrade their outlooks because of the stronger dollar or anything else, so earnings coming in so strong has been a relief," said Channing Smith, co-portfolio manager of capital advisors growth fund at Capital Advisors in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
There have been some high-profile earnings disappointments. Twitter Inc fell 9.8 percent to USD 43.78 after it posted a slide in a closely watched measure of engagement, even as its user base grew in the third quarter.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 187.81 points, or 1.12 percent, to 17,005.75, the S&P 500 gained 23.42 points, or 1.19 percent, to 1,985.05 and the Nasdaq Composite added 78.36 points, or 1.75 percent, to 4,564.29.
With the day's advance, the S&P 500 ended above its 50-day moving average for the first time since Sept. 29, a sign that momentum is turning more positive. The Russell 2000 jumped 2.7 percent and traded above its 200-day moving average for the first time since Sept. 19.
After the market closed, Facebook Inc posted revenue growth of almost 60 percent. Shares were little changed in after-hours trading.
Investors were awaiting clues on the outlook for the US economy from the Federal Reserve as the central bank commenced a two-day policy meeting. It is likely to reinforce expectations it will wait a long while before rising interest rates, although the Fed is all but certain to announce the end of its massive bond-buying stimulus.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,582 to 501, for a 5.15-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 2,171 issues rose and 526 fell for a 4.13-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 64 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 133 new highs and 36 new lows.
About 6.17 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, below the month-to-date average of 7.92 billion.
RELATED NEWS

Cielo - 13.8% Increase in Financial Volume and Net Income of R$817 Million in 3Q14Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Nothing to hide but Germans protested  others may too  says A-G Mukul RohatgiPrint
Mukul Rohtagi
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:00 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:36 am
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said Tuesday that while the government has “nothing to hide” on the issue of black money allegedly stashed by Indians in foreign banks, the list of account holders in HSBC’s Geneva branch has to be placed in a sealed cover in order to uphold the tax treaty with France under which it was obtained.
Replying to a query from The Indian Express, Rohatgi confirmed that Germany, which had provided a list of 18 account holders in LGT bank in Liechtenstein under a similar treaty, had registered its protest with the Indian government after those names were handed over to the Supreme Court in April.
The Supreme Court has directed the Centre — represented by Rohatgi — to disclose to it on Wednesday the names of all those being probed for allegedly stashing black money abroad.
“We have nothing to hide and nobody to shield and this very list has been handed over to the SIT (on black money) on June 27 itself. Having said this, we are also concerned about the future treaties we have to sign, and about information on other black money trails drying up from other countries. We have to put this list in a sealed cover so that we do not violate the terms of the treaty,’’ Rohatgi said.
“The Germans had protested and others may protest too. That is why we are putting these 600 odd names in a sealed cover and asking them (the Supreme Court bench) to keep it only in their custody. We have after all given an unequivocal assurance to the French Government that the information and names supplied on the HSBC list will only be used by India as per terms of the treaty.’’
Rohatgi said that the Government would also hand over to Supreme Court a status report on the progress made in each case, including details about verification of identities of account holders, searches conducted, tax notices sent and money recovered.
In June 2011, France provided details of Indians with bank accounts in the Swiss bank, under the provisions of the Direct Tax Avoidance Convention (DTAC) between the two countries. In March 2009, information on deposits in accounts maintained by 12 trusts and entities with the bank in Liechtenstein was received from the German tax authorities under the DTAC between India and Germany.

Stocks in news: Hero  Dr Reddy s Labs  ONGC  BHEL  SRF  SBM- Kirloskar Brothers Investments ex-dividend Rs 50/share
Cabinet meeting in the evening
-To take a call on FDI relaxation for construction
-CCEA likely to decide on pooling gas and coal prices
-KR Kamath demitted office as CMD w.e.f. October 28
-CMD KR Kamath demitted office on completion of his 5-year tenure
Other stocks and sectors that are in news today:
-RBI says FIIs/RFPIs can now invest up to 49 percent in Hero Motocorp
- SBI fixes November 21 as record date for stock split
- IL&FS Engineering gets order worth Rs 180 crore from Dighi Port, Maharashtra
- Dr Reddy’s Launches 1 mg & 2 mg Sirolimus tablets in US market
-Arun Kumar Sharma takes over as  IOC Director (Finance)
-L&T Infotech acquires Pune-based ISRC
-Net profit at Rs 180 crore versus Rs 176.3 crore (YoY)
-NII at Rs 497 crore versus Rs 440.3 crore (YoY)
-Net NPAs at 0.42 percent versus 0.87 percent (QoQ)
-Gross NPAs at 1.59 percent versus 2.39 percent (QoQ)
-Provisions at Rs 49.7 crore versus Rs 101 crore (QoQ), versus Rs 18 crore (YoY)
-Net interest margin at 3.54 percent versus 3.37 percent (QoQ)
ING Vysya Bank says
-Shailendra Bhandari resigns as MD and CEO w.e.f. January 31, 2015
-Board proposes appointment of Uday Sareen as MD and CEO
-Consolidated net loss at Rs 94.1 crore versus loss of Rs 80.6 crore (YoY)
-Consolidated net sales at Rs 1,362 crore versus Rs 1,424 crore (YoY)
-Consolidated EBITDA at Rs 102 crore versus Rs 260 crore (YoY)
-Consolidated EBITDA margin at 7.5 percent versus 18.2 percent (YoY)
-Consolidated other income at Rs 26.4 crore versus Rs 4 crore (YoY)
-Net profit at Rs 311.3 crore versus Rs 285 crore (YoY)
-Total income at Rs 2,570.4 crore versus Rs 2,360 crore (YoY)
-EBITDA at Rs 548 crore versus Rs 508 crore (YoY)
-Operating margin at 21.3 percent versus 21.5 percent (YoY)
-Net profit at Rs 49 crore versus Rs 55.3 crore (YoY)
-Net sales at Rs 425 crore versus Rs 481 crore (YoY)
                             
-Net profit at Rs 38 crore versus Rs 32.5 crore (YoY)
-Net sales at Rs 203 crore versus Rs 209 crore (YoY)
-Consolidated net profit at Rs 26.1 crore versus Rs 16.6 crore (YoY)
-Consolidated net sales at Rs 247.2 crore versus Rs 166.1 crore (YoY)
-Net profit at Rs 76.8 crore versus Rs 47.8 crore (YoY)
-Net sales at Rs 917 crore versus Rs 840 crore (YoY)
-Net loss at Rs 9.6 crore versus loss of Rs 20.7 crore (YoY)
-Net sales at Rs 60.8 crore versus Rs 79.2 crore (YoY)
RELATED NEWS

Indian ADRs: Tata Motors gains 4%  HDFC Bank up 2%Oct 29, 2014, 08.29 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Tata Motors gains 4%, HDFC Bank up 2%
Indian ADRs ended higher on Tuesday. Tata Motors added 3.9 percent and ICICI Bank gained 1.97 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Tata Motors gains 4%, HDFC Bank up 2%
Indian ADRs ended higher on Tuesday. Tata Motors added 3.9 percent and ICICI Bank gained 1.97 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended higher on Tuesday. In the banking space, ICICI Bank gained 1.97 percent at USD 56.01 and HDFC Bank added 1.98 percent at USD 51.09.
In the IT space, Infosys advanced 1.26 percent at USD 62.73 and Wipro rose 0.94 percent at USD 11.80.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors added 3.9 percent at USD 46.61 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories was down 0.63 percent at USD 50.72.
RELATED NEWS

FO cues: Nifty 8100 Call sheds 5.6 lakh shares in OIHome » News » F&O Cues
Oct 29, 2014, 08.28 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
F&O cues: Nifty 8100 Call sheds 5.6 lakh shares in OI
F&O cues: Nifty 8050 Put added 6.5 lakh shares in Open Interest and Nifty 8100 Call shed 5.6 lakh shares in Open Interest.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
F&O cues: Nifty 8100 Call sheds 5.6 lakh shares in OI
F&O cues: Nifty 8050 Put added 6.5 lakh shares in Open Interest and Nifty 8100 Call shed 5.6 lakh shares in Open Interest.
Post your opinion here
 
F&O cues:
Nifty 8100 Call and Nifty 8000 Put witnessed maximum build-up in Open Interest on October 28
Nifty 8100 Call shed 5.6 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8000 Put added 5.9 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 8050 Put added 6.5 lakh shares in Open Interest
Nifty 7900 Put shed 8 lakh shares in Open Interest
FIIs in F&O on October 28 (Provisional data from NSE)
FIIs net buy Rs 592 crore in Index Futures; Open Interest contracts up by 68,931
FIIs net sell Rs 585 crore in Index Options; Open Interest contracts down by 130
FIIs net sell Rs 600 crore in Stock Futures; Open Interest contracts up by 36,530
RELATED NEWS

Sex scandal hits Sri Lankan women cricket teamMore
SLC to investigate Sri Lanka women cricket team’s sex scandal
Members of Sri Lanka women’s cricket team management and national selectors had to be allegedly bribed sexually by the cricketers if they wanted to be selected for the national team.
By Pradeep Kalamegam | Sportskeeda –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 5:03 PM IST
Tweet
0
According to a Daily Mirror report , Sri Lanka Cricket’s executive committee have decided to start an immediate inquiry into the claims that the Sri Lanka women’s team management and national selectors have to be sexually bribed by players to be picked for representing their national side in an emergency meeting. 
Sri Lanka women's team in action during the 2014 Women's World Twenty20. (Getty Images)
The website further claims that a sexual favour was required from the players to keep their places in the side after being selected. An unanimous decision was taken at the meeting after the claims were made public last week through a local media report.
A four-member probe panel involving SLC vice-president Mohan de Silva, secretary Nishantha Ranatunga, assistant secretary Hirantha Perera and chief men’s national selector Sanath Jayasuriya will look into the matter and file their report.
It is expected that the panel will summon the national selectors, team officials including the national team manager and coach, along with all members of the national squad to give evidence on the matter this upcoming Thursday.
Originally published on Sportskeeda.com here
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Super Six trading ideas for the dayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys to step on the gas  eyes big acquisitionsHi Guest
Infosys to step on the gas, eyes big acquisitions
Displaying Infosys's new-found confidence and aggression under a new management, Chief Operating Officer U B Pravin Rao on Tuesday said the company was ready to make "large acquisitions", adding it was considering a few in strategic areas and regions. Rao said Infosys was open to acquiring companies with annual revenue of $600-700 million and wasn't averse to bigger acquisitions. "There is no constraint (on how much the company will pay for acquisitions). At the end of the day, if it is in line ...

Dr. Reddy s Lab  Tech Mahindra  Sesa Sterlite in Focus TodayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CESC: Outcome of QIP committee meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supreme Court pulls up Centre on black money  demands full list of names todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India and US discuss military ties and global security issuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BHEL bags Rs 422 crore order for Uttarakhand hydel projectOct 29, 2014, 08.24 AM IST  | Source: PTI
BHEL bags Rs 422 crore order for Uttarakhand hydel project
The order, valued at Rs 422 crore, is for setting up of hydro generating sets and associated electro-mechanical works for the Vishnugad Pipalkoti project, BHEL said in a statement today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BHEL bags Rs 422 crore order for Uttarakhand hydel project
The order, valued at Rs 422 crore, is for setting up of hydro generating sets and associated electro-mechanical works for the Vishnugad Pipalkoti project, BHEL said in a statement today.
Post your opinion here
 
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ( BHEL ) has received a contract worth Rs 422 crore related to 444 MW Vishnugad Pipalkoti hydel power project in Uttarakhand.
Located in Chamoli district, Vishnugad Pipalkoti project is on Alaknanda river. It comprises four hydro generating sets of 111 MW capacity each.
The order, valued at Rs 422 crore, is for setting up of hydro generating sets and associated electro-mechanical works for the Vishnugad Pipalkoti project, BHEL said in a statement today.
The order has been awarded by THDCIL (formerly known as Tehri Hydro Development Corp Ltd).
Also read:  Bull or bear: Is BHEL about to enter a cyclical upturn?
The scope of work envisages "engineering, procurement and construction of all hydro generating sets and associated electro mechanical works and is to be executed in a tight schedule of 48 months", the statement said.
This is the second major order bagged by BHEL for a hydro power project in Uttarakhand this year.
Earlier, an order for the 2x60 MW Vyasi hydel project was received from Uttarakhand Jal Vidyut Nigam Limited (UJVNL) in March.
State-owned BHEL is executing hydro power projects having capacity of about 9,500 MW.
BHEL stock price
On December 05, 2014, Bharat Heavy Electricals closed at Rs 271.95, down Rs 2, or 0.73 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 291.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 145.75.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.68 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.28. The latest book value of the company is Rs 135.02 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.01.
RELATED NEWS

Panasonic Appliances: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 29, 2014, 08.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Panasonic Appliances: Updates on outcome of AGM
Panasonic Appliances India Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Panasonic Appliances: Updates on outcome of AGM
Panasonic Appliances India Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Panasonic Appliances India Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Target1 achieved in 1 day  target2 achieved in 2 days.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good morning lehar bro!!!93 Followers
Reposted about 37 days 16 hrs 55 min 4 sec ago by Ylagad
As we told and expected ; nifty tgt is 8080-8090 above any thing expert game will changes and nifty will close at expert 8180/82.lehar.
9.04 AM Oct 29th

Doodh ka doodh aur paani ka paani ho jayeyga kul shaam tuk ki tml ki m...1328 Followers
Reposted about 38 days 19 hrs 48 min 59 sec ago by bullguru2700
MARKET MAKER or option writer ki batti sulag rahi hai aur kush yahan is board per ghoom rahey hain. 4 saal in logon nein khoob gulsharey urhayey hain M SAT OR TML ki dhunai kar kay.
aaj sham kay baad in ki yeh musti khatam.
khalas.
agar TML management aaj commons sense dikha dey to.
jai bajrang bali.
In reply to : bullguru108 message
about 54 min 10 sec ago

What you can do with your old phonesThe self-sale will almost always fetch the most money but requires the most effort. You have to advertise the item, find a seller, maybe haggle on price, handle payment and pay to package and ship the phone.
That can be worth it if you have the time and price is the top priority.
Retailers and wireless companies that buy back your phone are known companies with established reputations and often offer the option to trade in your phone in person, rather than by mail.
Dedicated buyback companies are lesser known but might be the easiest. Many will quote you a price, send you packing materials and pay for shipping. Payouts are relatively fast — days, not weeks.
"In virtually every case, the private market will pay more for an old device than a buyback vendor; however, the gap is narrowing," Morris said. The difference used to be about 50 percent, and now is 10 to 30 percent, he said. A phone that would sell privately for $400 might sell for $300 now, compared with $250 a few years ago.
Payment currency. Another major factor that will affect your decision on where to sell your device will be if you can get cash or must take store credit — or some other method of payment, via PayPal or Bitcoin, for example.
Of course, cash is king because you can spend it anywhere. But some sites will offer more for accepting a different currency.
At Gazelle, for example, you get a 5 percent premium for taking payment in the form of Amazon.com credit, which might be fine if you shop at Amazon often and will easily use the credit on items you would buy anyway.
Why buyback prices seem high. Some consumers might be confused, recalling they paid about $200 for their phone two years ago. How can they now sell it for nearly the same price?
That's because U.S. wireless carriers have traditionally sold phones for less than their real cost and made up for it with the price of the service plan, although that's changing with new lease-type plans.
Apple vs. Android. Apple products tend to retain their value much better than those with Android operating systems, which simply reflects the greater demand for iPhones in the aftermarket, Voorhis said.
That brings up a side point to consider: Apple products might be more expensive to buy, but the price is defrayed by getting more when you sell the phone.
Samsung phones, among the Android phones, retain value better, she said.
Carrier matters. The price you get will also depend on which carrier the phone is linked to. Again, it's supply-and-demand for those devices not only in domestic resale markets, but internationally. For example, Verizon Wireless and AT&T iPhone 5s devices generally fetch higher prices because they are more popular carriers.
Timing matters. Like the price of a stock, price quotes for used phones fluctuate. For iPhones, prices drop about 20 percent from a month before the announcement to a month after, Voorhis said. It's too late for the new iPhone, which was announced Sept. 9, but one good strategy for the future is to get a price commitment on your device before a new one is released.
It will likely have more value than after a new model is announced. That's possible with some online buyback companies' offer to lock in a price for a certain period, say 30 days, with no commitment to sell your phone to that company. That way, you can use your old phone while you wait for the new one to be released and decide later what your sell-back strategy will be.
A matter of trust. If you're shipping off your device to a recommerce site, you're trusting that the company will actually pay you and fairly evaluate its condition, which will affect its selling price. So check online reviews and the Better Business Bureau to look for warning signs.
"Those that offer to send your phone back to you for free or a minimal fee if you don't agree with their assessment of condition at least offer some protection against being ripped off," Morris said.
Privacy. Be sure to back up your data and photos, then wipe your device of all personal information with a factory reset of your phone. Note a buyback company's privacy policy. Gazelle, for example, wipes the devices even if you already did. It also destroys any SIM and data cards left in the phone, Voorhis said.
Don't sell. You might have a good reason for not selling your old smartphone.

Problem Solver: ComEd check arrives  but furniture...0
When the Problem Solver inquired about their situation, a Lane representative contacted the couple for the first time in months. The representative promised to help expedite the order.
Also, the owner of the store where the Laechelts bought the furniture told the Problem Solver that the sofa and love seat would be ready Sept. 24.
They weren't.
On Monday, the Lane Furniture representative emailed Bev Laechelt to say that one piece of furniture is "due" the week of Oct. 3, and the other is "due" the subsequent week. Laechelt emailed Lane seeking clarification.
"Are you saying our sofa and love seat will be delivered (to the furniture store) no later than the week of October 10, 2014?"
The representative emailed Laechelt. "No ma'am," the Lane Furniture employee wrote. "That is when it will be made."
Needless to say, the couple aren't happy.
"LOL," Bev Laechelt said in a subsequent email to the Problem Solver. "I give up."
She said the never-ending delays have left her and her husband feeling sour about the experience.
"I feel like I am an inconvenience to them, like they are doing us a favor," she said. "I wonder if the upper management knows this is how customers — repeat customers — are treated. They would be ashamed."
The Problem Solver will continue to provide updates as warranted.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Busiest O Hare is the latest thing in airports1
So far this year, O'Hare's performance in those categories is actually worse than a year before. Department of Transportation statistics, compiled through July, have O'Hare ranked dead last among the nation's 29 major airports in on-time arrival performance and ahead of only Midway when comes to on-time departures.
Whether inbound or outbound, a little more than a third of O'Hare flights can't keep to within 15 minutes of their schedule, which is the standard of on-time performance.
O'Hare is literally the latest thing in airports.
One might be tempted to blame bad weather, but airports in Minneapolis and Detroit — Midwestern cities — rank within the top six in both categories.
Of course, without the first phase of the pricey modernization program, it's unsettling to think how overwhelmed O'Hare might be.
Before worrying about getting busier, how about getting efficient? It's why talk of a third Chicago-area airport never goes away.
Such is O'Hare's reputation that BuzzFeed.com last year said: "It's like hell — if hell had moving walkways," and noted those walkways "never seem to be around when you've only got 25 minutes to make that connecting flight and the gate you need to get to is a mile away."
A 2012 U.S. News & World Report review of the worst U.S. airports for layovers ranked O'Hare fourth — though not as bad as Los Angeles International, Dulles International Airport near Washington and New Jersey's Newark Liberty International. O'Hare, ironically, was buoyed by the fact that so many people routinely get stuck here that it's led to services, amenities and attractions other airports apparently lack.
Almost no one, however, goes on a trip to see the inside of an airport.
The more often travelers can't get where they're going by way of O'Hare, the more often goods are grounded here, the more everyone will go the extra mile to avoid it.
When it's sunny and skies are blue, as they were here Friday, it's almost as if you can see forever. When you're not going anywhere because the system has broken down, it's also as if you're looking at forever.
What should be clear from both perspectives is that, regardless of what causes slowdowns and stoppages at O'Hare on a given day, the clock is ticking for Chicago. It's time to get busy. Without delay.

Prius pushback: Hybrid inspires some hatred8
It's a significant hurdle, considering that hybrids and plug-ins are the only vehicles on the market today that would meet the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's 2025 carbon dioxide emissions targets, according to the agency's fuel economy trends report out this month.
Among those who would never buy a Prius is Daniel Kuczek, who grew up on big American V-8 sedans and likes to tinker with his Buick LeSabre and his Jeep Grand Cherokee. He doesn't see that happening with a hybrid, he said.
"It's more like driving an appliance than a car," said the 53-year-old from Cleveland.
That attitude doesn't surprise Allen Foster, general manager and vice president of Smart Motors in Madison, Wis., the largest dealer of hybrid vehicles in the Midwest.
He said that at first people were confused about the technology but that in recent years, the technology has become fairly mainstream. The issue is perception.
"We'll have people who will say, 'Show me anything but a hybrid. I'll look at anything but a hybrid,' " he said. "They don't think it's worth the extra premium for the cost of the vehicle. The return on investment would take too long. They don't like the stigma attached to owning a hybrid."
If hybrids have a perception problem, it isn't because their current owners are unhappy. Hybrid owners surveyed as part of the Michigan study overwhelmingly loved their cars — 93 percent said they'd never had a hybrid-specific problem with their car and 88 percent said they intend to buy one again.
"When gas prices went up, everyone was trading their cars in for a Prius," said Ivan Drury, senior analyst at auto information company Edmunds.com.
Like the downsized turbo-boosted engines that have become mainstream among drivers who were reticent of the technology at first, "hybrid" and "car" were supposed to be synonymous by now.
Stay out of the left lane.
The Man With The Plan
at 6:54 AM October 27, 2014
31
Instead, "hybrid" became another word for "Prius." The car enjoyed more than 50 percent market share among an otherwise splintered hybrid category for more than a decade — plenty of time to pick up a little baggage. In the struggle to make hybrid mainstream, the Prius became a symbol for drivers who wanted to set themselves apart.
Take 42-year old Hyde Park resident Keesha Beckford, who wrote on Twitter this month, "If you drive a Prius you shouldn't be flicking cigarette ashes out of your window. Bits of kale maybe, but not cigarettes."
In an interview, she told the Tribune that she associates the car with "self-righteousness and frivolity." She gets the same feeling of disgust when she sees a Prius, she said, as she does when she sees its gas-guzzling nemesis, the Hummer.
She isn't alone.
Type the word Prius into Twitter and you'll find the Prius haters pretty quickly:
"They really didn't need all the bumper stickers to tell us they're liberal; the Prius does all the talking."
"This guy just said he loves his Prius because when he accelerates it doesn't make a noise. Someone please buy him a skirt."
Toyota's statistics show that men purchase hybrids more than women, but those men certainly take their share of ribbing for it.
"Does a silent car — one where you are not sure it's actually on, and where you can't hear the engine revving as you accelerate — connote American masculinity? Absolutely not," says Cheryl Eaton, an MBA faculty partner teaching marketing at Marlboro College in Vermont.
Marketing efforts need to help shift these old stereotypes, said Eaton, if they want to shift consumer behavior "for the better."
Fox News featured a trend called "rolling coal" — in which diesel vehicles are modified to increase fuel to the engine and emit black smoke — saying that it was, in part, in response to the Prius drivers. In fact, the news channel said, it is used as a "Prius repellent."
It's also an apparent response to the Obama administration's fight to lower carbon emissions. Carmakers must have a fleetwide average of 54.5 miles per gallon by model year 2025 under the Obama administration's new fuel efficiency standard. Coal rollers said their tricked-out vehicles are a kind of protest against tightening restrictions on carbon.
Hybrids and electric vehicles aren't leading the way toward lowering carbon, according to the EPA.
"The majority of the carbon and oil savings from current vehicles is due to new gasoline vehicle technologies," the agency said in its trends report.
Transmissions with six or more speeds, continuously variable transmissions, variable valve timing and multivalve engines, gasoline direct injection engine and turbochargers have become commonplace, if not ubiquitous.
"There are huge improvements still to come with internal combustion engines," said Ann Schlenker, director for Argonne's Center for Transportation Research.
Meanwhile, Toyota said it's been working to overcome "stereotypes" about the Prius, including that it is unstylish and that there is just one kind of Prius owner.
One recent TV spot, shows the Plummer family, highlighting a manly firefighter who rides motorcycles talking about how much he loves his Prius. Another features an Asian-American family (8 percent of Prius owners in actuality) that is three generations of Prius owners.
Other automakers have learned from the trials and tribulations of the Prius. Namely, Ford, which is quickly catching up to Toyota in market share by selling vehicles that are simply hybrid versions of its conventional line.
"There are people who really want to make a statement. But other people don't really want to make a statement with their vehicle like that," said Garett Carr, electrification marketing manager for Ford in Dearborn, Mich. "They just want to do it for intrinsic reasons instead of yelling out to the world."
And then there are those who want to make a statement — just not a green one. For those who can afford it, at $1.35 million, the Ferrari LaFerrari is styled like a "ground-bound fighter jet," according to caranddriver.com and is a hybrid vehicle that can accelerate like a Bugatti Veyron.

Marc Silverman  cohost of  Waddle and Silvy   pays $950 000 for Riverwoods homeMarc Silverman, cohost of 'Waddle and Silvy,' pays $950,000 for Riverwoods home
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Homes Real Estate Sellers
Marc Silverman, cohost of "Waddle and Silvy" alongside Tom Waddle, moves to the northern suburbs
Marc Silverman, afternoon co-host of WMVP-AM’s “Waddle and Silvy,” has moved from the city to the northern suburbs, paying $950,000 for a four-bedroom, 4,014-square-foot house in Riverwoods and selling his longtime condo in Ukrainian Village for $644,000.
  Open link
A Skokie native, Silverman has been a staple on Chicago sports talk radio for years.  Now a new father with a 21-week-old son, Silverman told Elite Street that he and his wife originally had planned to move to the northern suburbs sometime next year.  However, a hot real estate market right now caused a change of heart.
0
“I had noticed some of the flyers you get from Realtors and some of the comps in our neighborhood were just surprising me,” Silverman said.  “People are selling a comparable unit to what we have now.  And I hate to be in a situation where you’re looking to sell real estate where you have to sell and it’s a desperate situation.  So I hired an agent and said, ‘Look, if we (put it up for sale) and we get close to what we’re looking for, we’re gonna go.’  And the first person who showed up gave us an offer.”
Silverman and his wife listed their three-bedroom condo in Ukrainian Village for $649,900 and closed for $644,000 just weeks later.  He had paid $558,500 in 2010 for the multilevel unit, which is in a building constructed in 2007.  Features include 2-1/2 baths, Wenge cabinets, Viking and Bosh appliances, dark stained hardwood floors, steel railings, a gas fireplace, 14-foot ceilings in the living room/dining room condo, a walk-out terrace and a private roof deck.
In Riverwoods, Silverman’s new house had been listed for $1 million.  It has 4-1/2 baths, a fully finished walk-out lower level, crown moldings, built-ins in most rooms and refinished floors.
“It was very tough to leave Ukrainian Village,” Silverman said.  “It has so many great restaurants and shops.”

Portland embraces  green  image to boost exportsPortland embraces 'green' image to boost exports
How to sell 'green' business expertise
Metro Portland, Ore. aims to build exports by marketing itself under a "We Build Green Cities" banner.
Metro Portland, Ore. aims to build exports by marketing itself under a "We Build Green Cities" banner.
Portland offers a primer for Chicago's export push
Export lessons from quirky, 'green' Portland
In a glass tower topped with solar panels, wind turbines and rooftop gardens, a team of architects and planners who helped turn a once-moribund industrial tract into a trendy neighborhood in this river port town is crafting ways to bring street life and energy efficiency to a "next-generation model city" in post-tsunami Japan.
ZGF Architects and two other design and engineering firms are among the first to plumb new overseas markets as part of Portland's push to ramp up exports. Embracing its reputation as being green-to-the-point-of-weirdness, the famously quirky region is marketing itself with the tag line, "We Build Green Cities," and dispatching local firms such as ZGF on tightly targeted trade meetings abroad.
Caption ZGF headquarters
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
The ZGF Architects headquarters, left, is a certified "green" high rise built among historic buildings in the West End area of Portland. The firm helped transform the nearby Pearl District, a waning industrial district, into a lively neighborhood.
The ZGF Architects headquarters, left, is a certified "green" high rise built among historic buildings in the West End area of Portland. The firm helped transform the nearby Pearl District, a waning industrial district, into a lively neighborhood. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Building a green city
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Jan Willemse, managing partner at ZGF Architects, has helped export Portland's commitment to green building by helping create a "next-generation model city" outside of Tokyo in Japan.
Jan Willemse, managing partner at ZGF Architects, has helped export Portland's commitment to green building by helping create a "next-generation model city" outside of Tokyo in Japan. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Green roof
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
The green roof at the headquarters of ZGF Architects in the West End area of Portland.
The green roof at the headquarters of ZGF Architects in the West End area of Portland. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption West end mural
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Light reflected off the ZGF building shines on a large mural in the West End area of Portland.
Light reflected off the ZGF building shines on a large mural in the West End area of Portland. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Public transportation
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
The trolley runs through downtown Portland looping around the city. Public transportation and Portland's reputation as a "green" city are selling points as the region aims to build exports.
The trolley runs through downtown Portland looping around the city. Public transportation and Portland's reputation as a "green" city are selling points as the region aims to build exports. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
"Portland has developed cachet in Japan," said Jan Willemse, managing partner of ZGF's Portland office, which landed a modest contract with a Japanese real estate firm to help develop the Kashiwa-no-ha Campus City project, an environmentally conscious mixed-use development being built outside of Tokyo. "It's a foot in the door" for ZGF, he said, in a nation still rebuilding from the 2011 earthquake and tsunami and preparing for the 2020 Olympics.
About 100 miles upriver from the Pacific Ocean, Portland for years has been one of America's leading cities when it comes to exports, thanks to powerhouse high-tech firms like Intel, TriQuint and Tektronix. Recently, however, Portland has been relying on a bolder, revamped exports strategy that could dramatically boost its exports. It's a strategy that resonates with Chicago, a city with global scale that nevertheless recently has had anemic export growth.
Exports are a crucial cog in any city's mission to become a global player. Cities can no longer regard their competition as regional or even national in scope. Broadband has forever changed the logistics of economic competition.
8
Cities still manufacture widgets and sell services, but now their markets span across oceans and hemispheres and include megacities like Shanghai, Tokyo and Sao Paulo. Exports represent one of the most tangible barometers of a city's tethers to the global economy. To compete effectively, observers say, cities must work together with their suburban neighbors to amass regional economic muscle.
In a swiftly urbanizing global economy, U.S. metro regions that fail to enter overseas markets will find themselves in the dust, experts say.
"The Germans will or the Chinese will. It's the reality of the world we live in," said Bruce Katz, co-author of "The Metropolitan Revolution: How Cities and Metros are Fixing Our Broken Politics and Fragile Economy" and vice president of the Brookings Institution think tank.
While Portland's momentum has carried the region halfway toward its goal of doubling exports, from $21 billion in 2010 to $42 billion in 2015, government and business leaders saw export growth as a way to foster recovery from the recession.
Their strategy, rolled out in 2012, is viewed by urban affairs experts as a useful guidepost for Chicago as it attempts to accelerate its own export growth.
"The Chicago economy, frankly, needs it," said Amy Liu, co-director of the Brookings Metropolitan Policy Program, which is advising Portland, Chicago and other metro areas on exports strategy. The Chicago region was the No. 4 exporter of goods and services nationwide last year but No. 32 in its rate of export growth since the recession, according to Brookings data.
As Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel put it at the program's launch last month: "As it relates to exports, we are fighting as a city and as a region way below our weight class."
It's a challenge biking in the rain while dodging cars at night! Potland has spent millions on bike lanes for a the few willing to take the challenge-requires lot's of green!
Dr JJJJ
1
Metro Portland is a different animal than metro Chicago. Smaller, laid-back, still rough around the edges, this Pacific Northwest region of 2.3 million people has a less diversified economy, less export muscle and less global recognition. Still, it is outstripping Chicago and much of the nation in export growth.
Led by regional partnership Greater Portland Inc. and the Portland Development Commission, the initiative's greatest progress, to date, has been in launching its We Build Green Cities brand and using it to help small and midsize companies market themselves overseas.
The strategy also calls for supporting existing exporters by recruiting more suppliers to the region and by improving traffic flow to the airport; identifying midsize firms that could export more if they had market research assistance and mentoring and connecting them with help; and increasing the number of new exporters by improving the flow of information on assistance programs.
Until metro Chicago's recent launch of its export initiative, its economic development efforts have been fragmented. And developing a distinct identity for metro Chicago has proved difficult over the years, in part because of the region's wide range of economic drivers.
Under the region's new export plan, announced Sept. 29, Chicago, Cook County and the six collar counties agreed to work together to identify export-ready small and midsize companies and assist their international plans through mentoring, microgrants and referrals to existing sources of help within the business community and government agencies.
ZGF's early success is one of several signals that Portland's efforts are gaining traction.
The federal government last month awarded nearly $300,000 toward Portland's "green" export effort — to be matched 2-to-1 by city funds. The money will go toward forging international partnerships, providing customized market research for local companies, creating a database of business leads and leading business trips abroad.
The region also landed $10 million in federal funds in September toward a $15.6 million project to smooth traffic flow between Portland International Airport and the west suburban "Silicon Forest" area, site of facilities for such major exporters as Intel, TriQuint and Tektronix, as well as the headquarters of Nike and Columbia Sportswear.
With its new grant, the Portland area will move ahead on easing transportation congestion for existing exporters — an issue Chicago is taking on. Separately, Portland is exploring how to build up the local supply chain that sells to major exporters, a daunting task for any region.
Gauging success of the export initiative will be difficult, given the many factors that can influence trade, among them fluctuating exchange rates, national tax structures, geopolitical disruptions and initiatives by competing jurisdictions. And it remains unclear whether aiding small firms will make a dent in export levels, which typically are driven by big multinationals.
"There can be some small social value to it, but if the idea is to really pump up exports, it's not going to work," said Caroline Freund, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
But Portland-area leaders disagree, saying say the endeavor is worth pursuing.
"I'd rather have a diverse economy that has markets throughout the world and deal with a downturn that way, than an economy that is either focused on just a few industries or hasn't figured out how to sell their products abroad," said Patrick Quinton, executive director of the Portland Development Commission.
Going for the green
In the opening sequence of the TV show "Portlandia," co-creator Carrie Brownstein, strides along the sidewalks of Los Angeles in a hoodie and sweatpants, exclaiming the virtues of Portland: "It's like Portland is almost an alternative universe ... It's almost like cars don't exist, right?"
8
No so far-fetched. Years ago, the city tore out a highway that ran along the Willamette River in downtown Portland to build a sweeping riverfront park; now a transit agency is building an eye-catching cable-stayed bridge over the river that will carry light-rail trains, buses, cyclists, pedestrians and streetcars — but no private cars.
The region's environmental credentials go on: More than 2,000 bioswales, or curb plantings, to capture and partially filter rain runoff; 319 miles of bike paths; 250 buildings certified as "green"; five eco-districts, or energy-saving neighborhoods, in the pipeline; and about 1.5 million square feet of solar panels — all within sight of Mount Saint Helens and Mount Hood on a clear day.
For years, environmentalism was viewed as a mere character trait — and one that might put off business. But when the city began strategizing on how to pull out of the recession, the thinking shifted.
"This was the first time we viewed it as an economic advantage," Quinton said. "We thought, this is the direction of the economy. ... Let's not put it aside."
It's a challenge biking in the rain while dodging cars at night! Potland has spent millions on bike lanes for a the few willing to take the challenge-requires lot's of green!
Dr JJJJ
1
On an underpopulated stretch of Portland's less-trendy Northeast Side, within shouting distance of its convention center, GBD Architects is designing a $164 million eco-district, known as Hassalo on Eighth. Funded through American Assets Trust, the residential/retail complex will treat its own wastewater in a parklike setting on site and reuse most of it for toilets and landscaping when the development opens next spring.
The project serves as a sales tool for GBD, which went on a city-led trade mission to Colombia last spring.
"We talk about this project and show that it's under construction," said architect Lucas Posada, a native of Medellin, Colombia. "We talk about the way the city has supported us through reduced fees, and how that's allowing us to build these specific systems. People get really excited about it."
In September, Empresas Publicas de Medellin, a major Colombian utility company, visited Portland to scout possible investments in local green-tech firms and to learn more about energy-saving neighborhoods, or eco-districts, including Hassalo on Eighth, said Chris Harder, economic development director at the Portland Development Commission. The visit highlights a secondary goal of the export strategy: Forming international links that will bring foreign investment to the local economy.
Related forms of urban revival are being showcased abroad as well. In pitching business in Japan, for instance, ZGF Architects points to its involvement in the transformation of the Pearl District, a languishing industrial zone, into a pedestrian-friendly city neighborhood filled with low-rise condominiums, graceful parks and an array of street-level boutiques, galleries, coffee houses and brew pubs.
On a cool weekday evening in the district last month, a busker strummed a guitar outside the entrance to a packed Deschutes Brewery Public House, where the burgers vary from elk to quinoa/cashew. Customers chatted on the sidewalk, waiting for tables. On the corner, a pedicab driver lounged in her vehicle, waiting for customers to stroll by in the rosy glow of the pub's lit sign.
"Most public spaces in cities in Japan are places of transit, but people don't hang out," Willemse said. "But they realize, from visiting the Pearl District, that part of a great lifestyle is having an active street and places to gather between buildings." His office is at the edge of the Pearl District and a quick walk to a bustling block of the colorful food trucks for which Portland is known.
Helping firms make the leap
Metro Portland's export push branches from "green" business into other regional specialties, from outdoor gear and craft beers to small-batch artisanal products. For many of these firms, exporting is not a priority — something the metro export initiative and state economic development officials hope to change.
In a former carpet warehouse in one of Portland's older residential neighborhoods, Matt Schumacher has been running the Alameda Brewhouse since 1996 — pulling drafts of its Black Bear Stout XX and Yellow Wolf Imperial IPA for customers dining on the pub's voodoo chili and steelhead trout tacos.
In recent years, he became an accidental exporter, filling bottles of pub-brewed ale in the parking lot to fill orders that came in through friends and business associates.
"Now, nothing would surprise me, even if a Martian calls up," he said while driving his pickup truck, filled with empty barrels, to his new, larger brewery.
Parent company Alameda Brewing Co. has shipped ale to Canada, Brazil, the Netherlands, Malaysia and Taiwan, helped on some of those deals by Andy Kalamaris, managing partner of local distributor Craftport.
Craftport is actively pursuing an international strategy with help from state and federal agencies. A $5,000 state grant to help pay its expenses on a trade mission to Brazil led to an introduction to a Brazilian partner, Mr. Beer. Craftport now sells an array of Pacific Northwest craft beers, including Alameda, at high-end Brazilian shopping malls for $14 to $15 per 22-ounce bottle.
"Brazil probably brings in $100,000 in revenue," Kalamaris said. "We expect to be at $1 million by 2016 — we are gearing up for the Olympics."
While Alameda fell into exporting through a series of chance meetings, the transition, for many, is fraught with concerns.
"There is a bit of fear about going beyond the U.S. — the language barriers, the metric system, finding a distributor overseas," said Brad McDearman, director of global special projects for the Brookings Metro Policy Program.
In a garagelike studio in an industrial corner of southeast Portland, young artisans design, sand and polish a collection of modern office accouterments — mouse pads, iPad covers, monitor stands and the like — from such materials as walnut, oak and vegetable-tanned leathers.
Ken Tomita and Joe Mansfield, co-owners of the business, Grovemade, joined a Portland Development Commission trade trip to Japan last spring to explore that market.
"International is definitely the biggest growth market for anyone," Tomita said. "It will stabilize our business if the American economy crumples."

Charles Tyrwhitt founder offers business lessons0
Tyrwhitt said his success rests on transparent customer service. He uses a feedback system that automatically publishes customer comments on the website that the company cannot edit. The retailer also has a six-month guarantee, so even if you spill wine or put out a cigarette on an item, it can be exchanged or the purchase can be refunded.
Wheeler, who is 49 and lives near Oxford, England, tells his story as one of persistence and patience. One of his favorite quotes is from Warren Buffett, which reads, in part: "There's nothing wrong with getting rich slowly."
He started the company in 1986 while he was a student at Bristol University studying geography.
"I always liked buying shirts and didn't understand why they were so expensive," Wheeler said. "I realized they were expensive just because they'd always been expensive."
Wheeler launched Charles Tyrwhitt, which he chose because they are his middle names and carry an Old English ring to it, with the goal of making a better shirt at a better price. Thanks to an inheritance from an aunt and a loan from a bank, he was able to buy a vintage Astin Martin DB1 and resell it for four times what he paid, providing him the capital to buy fabric for eight shirts and ties and have them made at a U.K. factory. He printed out 5,000 leaflets and sent them to anyone he could think of. He made no money for four years and lived on "jacket potatoes" (baked potatoes).
He was pulling in $6 million in revenue and earning a $600,000 profit when, in 1994, he made his first mistake that almost cost him his business. He bought a chain of six children's stores and lost more money in three months than he had made in three years, he said. Wheeler made a similar mistake a decade later when he tried to go into the women's and children's clothes, but once he refocused on men's clothes he learned his most invaluable lesson: Stick with what he's good at.
Wheeler said he has a Do Not Do List — don't try to expand to China or India, for example — to keep his focus where his business is proven.
"When I went bust it's because I lost focus," Wheeler told the DePaul students. "When it gets boring it's a very dangerous time in business."
DreamDry to take over Lill Studio space. A Lincoln Park storefront that most recently was home to custom handbag shop 1154 Lill Studio will soon reopen as a blow-dry bar from celebrity stylist Rachel Zoe.
DreamDry, which has two locations in New York, is set to open in December in 1,600 square feet at 904 W. Armitage Ave., the most recent in a battery of finishing salons that have taken Chicago in the past couple of years.
Co-founded by A-list stylist and Bravo reality show star Zoe and Robin Moraetes, a former Creative Artists Agency agent, DreamDry offers blowouts and updo's in styles ranging from beachy waves to a crown braid. Prices start at $30 for a 20-minute blow-dry without a wash to $80 for a custom pin-up 'do with wash. Appointments begin as early as 6:30 a.m.and end most nights at 10 p.m., because good hair waits for no one.
A number of businesses that offer finishing services like blow-drys, makeup applications and spray tans have cropped up during the past few years, including Drybar and Trixie Girl Blow Dry Bar in Lincoln Park, Blow by Blow in the Gold Coast, Blowtique and Blowout Junkie in River North, Goldplaited in Lakeview and Glowout in the West Loop.

Caremark copay may be larger at stores that sell cigarettesCaremark planning bigger copay at drugstores that sell cigarettes
CVS
The pharmacy benefits management division of CVS Health may charge up to $15 in additional co-pay for customers who fill prescriptions outside of its tobacco-free network.
The pharmacy benefits management division of CVS Health may charge up to $15 in additional co-pay for customers who fill prescriptions outside of its tobacco-free network.
You might pay more for your prescriptions if you shop at a drugstore that sells cigarettes.
CVS may recoup some revenue lost by its decision to stop selling smokes.
CVS, which recently pulled tobacco products from its 7,700 pharmacies nationwide, may soon make it more expensive to fill prescriptions at pharmacies that haven't done likewise.
Beginning next year, Caremark, the pharmacy benefits management division of CVS Health, may charge up to $15 in additional copay for customers who fill prescriptions outside a newly created, tobacco-free pharmacy network, a spokeswoman said.
  Open link
"Following our tobacco announcement, some of our clients — large employers — had begun speaking with us about a tobacco-free network," said CVS spokeswoman Carolyn Castel. "In that circumstance, there would be a more favorable copay in the tobacco-free network versus if a plan member ... chose to fill at a pharmacy that did sell tobacco."
Caremark works with employers, health insurance companies and other groups to manage the dispensing of pharmaceuticals at nearly 68,000 retail locations, including Walgreens, Rite Aid, Kroger, Target and its own CVS stores.
CVS and Target are tobacco-free, but a number of major chains, such as Deerfield-based Walgreen Co., the nation's largest pharmacy retailer, are not.
CVS Health has set a Jan. 1 target date for launching the tobacco-free pharmacy network. Employers and other Caremark clients would then have the option to participate in the network, with the additional copay burden falling to customers who fill prescriptions at a pharmacy that sells tobacco products, according to Castel.
"For clients who choose a tobacco-free network, plan members would be provided with a full list of participating pharmacies in advance of any network change," Castel said.
@J. Paul Getty's ear Choice to the nanny state leftist is to choose to kill your child or not, you have no other choices according to them.. Hey CVS, KEEP YOUR "LAWS" of MY body..
blog00000
20
Adam Fein, president of management advisory and business research firm Pembroke Consulting, said the added copay will be a preferred network option given to plan sponsors — employers or other health plans — but not one they will necessarily choose.
"They can say 'I don't want to do it,' " Fein said, "but some employers may choose the other network because they think it will save them medical costs by reducing the number of people who use tobacco."
Employers who do choose the option to tack on an extra $15 surcharge for prescriptions at stores that sell tobacco will drive business away from those stores and to CVS and other small pharmacies, many of which don't sell tobacco, Fein said.
"For consumers whose payers adopt this plan, they're probably going to shift their prescriptions if they usually use a Walgreens," Fein said.
Vishnu Lekraj, senior health care analyst at Morningstar, said he thinks Caremark's decision will "add on another headwind into the whole equation for Walgreen (Co.)."
Walgreens did not respond by press time to a request for comment.
A trade group representing independent pharmacies expressed concern Monday that its members, many of which are also tobacco-free, won't have the visibility of a CVS or Target when competing for customers seeking to avoid the extra copay.
"Nearly all independent pharmacies have not sold tobacco products for years, even decades," said John Norton, a spokesman for the National Community Pharmacists Association. "(Caremark) should inform consumers of that so they can choose between independent and other qualified pharmacies on a level playing field."
In making the move to go tobacco-free, CVS estimated it would forgo about $1.5 billion in annual tobacco sales and an additional $500 million in associated purchases. Creating an incentive to fill prescriptions at CVS could go a long way toward making a healthier bottom line for the Rhode Island-based company.
"It's clearly another plan option that is being used for overall health improvement," said Phil DeNucci, managing consultant at Burchfield Group, which specializes in pharmacy benefit consulting. "At the same time, it's a direct slap to any competitor still selling tobacco.
Leemore Dafny, professor of strategy at Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, said the measure isn't necessarily anti-competitive. She said the concept of preferred networks for pharmacies has been a growing trend.
Tribune reporters Ellen Jean Hirst and Ameet Sachdev contributed to this article.

Emerson Spartz on creating life without distractionsHe reads in the mornings because he's too exhausted to do so when he gets home from work.
He underlines the passages that are most worthy for review later. And those reviews are scheduled.
"I review everything I want to remember on a schedule of a day later, a week later, a month later and then every six months," he said. "And that's because you forget about 90 percent of what you learn unless you review it on a schedule approximately similar to that."
During the first review, anything he underlines, he puts in his own words and then repeats it aloud, "which helps with retention and application."
If the concept is worthy of greater attention, he'll think of a business example that illustrates what's underlined, which further improves retention.
For a study on decision paralysis, "one example comes to my mind right away is that if I was a healthcare practitioner, and I offered too many options to my patients for medicines, then the patients might not take any of the medicines and might end up worse off," he said.
If the book offers something so compelling as to be relevant to his business, he will practice what he has learned.
On the topic of negotiations, for instance, he focused on the top dozen or books on the subject, narrowed the content down to the 15 best ideas, assigned each idea an easy-to-remember acronym and then played out fictional examples in his head.
He would even replay negotiations from the TV show "The West Wing" and then pretend to conduct the negotiation as if he were a character. He thinks such rehearsals have been worth more than $1 million in revenues for Spartz Media.
"Almost no one actually practices applying what they learn, 'cause it's really hard to do," Spartz said. "It's exhausting. It's mentally exhausting. And it required a lot of training to actually spend the time to practice like that."
Spartz heaped praise on Tony Robbins' book "Awaken the Giant Within." "He synthesizes like 98 percent of the best practices from the behavioral science community."
And "How to Win Friends and Influence People" by Dale Carnegie. "Early on in my life that was one I reviewed a lot."
And "Getting to Yes" by William Ury and Roger Fisher. "But the best book on negotiations is 'Negotiations Genius,' " by Deepak Malhotra and Max Bazerman, he said.
Spartz speed reads. One thousand words per minute, he claims. He seems to talk faster. Catching himself, he offered to slow down.
"A lot of it was trial and error, too," Spartz said of his self-education strategy. "How do you blink your eyes and wake up five hours later, having been productive the whole time? The only way you can do that is if you stop getting texts and notifications. You need to get in the state of flow."
That's a reference to another book: Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi's "Flow."
To read faster, he recommends using a pen as a tracer.
"Wherever your eyes are, you move the pen, line by line by line," he recommended. "It prevents regressions. It prevents your eyes from going back and rereading the same thing over and over again. It forces you to move forward."
And he recommends only reading what you need to know. He doesn't read fiction books in the same way because stories require readers to follow a narrative like the author intended.
With nonfiction, Spartz relies on subheads and skimming to home in on what's "meaty and relevant." Then, he slows down to a normal pace.
"When I'm hiring new people for product roles, I'll run them through a gauntlet, and they'll have to read 20 books in 30 days," he said.
Are they given a test?
"No. Well, I test them in the sense that I'll meet with them again and figure out how much they've retained and applied," he said. "It's not so much a quiz as a conversation. I just want to get a sense. You know, were you taking notes? How could you apply these?"

Peter O Brien joins effort to help those with mental...2
"I knew I had to find somebody who had lived it, that understood, that could get out there and bring respect to it, who could get out there and energize people," O'Brien said. "When I saw him on Katie Couric, I thought, that's my guy. And I had a Chicago connection. And I used it."
If you know O'Brien, it's because you know O'Brien's Restaurant & Bar on North Wells Street in Old Town. But before the bar, O'Brien's parents founded what is now called MADO Healthcare Centers, which includes four Chicago facilities caring for people with mental illness.
O'Brien is president of MADO, which stands for his parents, Mary and Daniel O'Brien.
It's the family business, yet O'Brien didn't see the signs of mental illness in his own son.
"His junior year of high school, he seemed to get in with a different crowd, and started to be more lax in his grades and reclusive with us," O'Brien said. "I thought it was just the teenage years, maybe getting into marijuana and other drugs. … But that probably was the beginning of it. I'm mad at myself from time to time because I didn't recognize it. I could have with my own background. Sometimes I think I should have."
After P.J. dropped out of his freshman year of college in Montana, O'Brien and his wife flew him to Florida to vacation with his grandparents.
"My dad called me and said, 'There's something wrong with Peter,'" O'Brien recalled. "Peter was in their room all night. And he was just afraid that he was hearing voices."
O'Brien flew to Florida to bring his son back to Chicago.
"He didn't want to go" to the hospital, O'Brien said. "He said, 'There's nothing wrong with me. Maybe I shouldn't have taken drugs.' He was admitting it was drugs at that point. We brought him to Northwestern and that began an odyssey of 24 hospitalizations when we stopped counting. I don't know how many it was. He had just turned 21."
P.J. could be charming, so charming that he talked his way on to a flight after walking out of a Boca Raton, Fla., treatment center.
"I think he had a dollar or two, something small in his pocket, and he hitchhiked to the airport," O'Brien said. "So you can know what Peter may have accomplished in his life if he wasn't stricken with this illness. He talked a ticket-seller at the airport into giving him a seat on the plane back to Chicago."
O'Brien paused for emphasis. "Post 9/11."
He didn't have a credit card?
"No, he gave her a great tale of woe that he dropped out of college, and his dad was mad at him," O'Brien said. "But told her he wanted to come back to make it up to his dad."
P.J. lived on a bench in Lincoln Park for a few weeks, his father said.
He resisted treatment and support until he beat up O'Brien over $20.
P.J. had come into the restaurant one morning claiming he needed the money for a haircut. O'Brien could smell the alcohol on his son's breath and refused. A busboy ended up having to pull P.J. off his father.
"The police came, and Peter was just psychotic," O'Brien said. "He spit at them. He was mouthing off to them. You could see how mental illness gets confused with criminal activity. … And in walks this tiny policewoman."
O'Brien said he began to beg her not to send his son to jail.
"She stopped me and said, 'You don't have to explain. I have twins, and both have been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder.' The next thing I knew Peter was off to the hospital."
O'Brien described the officer as an angel on his shoulder.
"I don't mean to be Irish-Catholic to you," O'Brien said. "But I need my faith. And because of that, Peter got treatment that day. Things didn't get better right away. But sometime after that, Peter started to accept his illness at least with his mother and I and his sisters."
The best moment came during a 5 a.m. phone call. P.J. was standing on the porch of his house on Lake Decatur watching a beautiful sunrise and called to thank his parents for buying him the house.
O'Brien said he has changed many of MADO's policies and programs in response to his son's illness.
"He had co-existing drug use, but Peter told me many times that he would rather die an alcoholic or a drug addict than a mental patient," he said. "He just felt so disrespected as a mental patient. He didn't want to admit that he had schizophrenia.
"And because he had that denial, Melissa, he didn't manage his illness. He didn't take care of himself. And that's why he died at 32 years old."

Kolkata s gold panners reap rewards at India festival timeIndia Diwali
Kolkata's gold panners reap rewards at India festival time
Ahead of the festive Diwali season, it's the peak time of year for Kolkata's gold scavengers, who for centuries have sifted through dirt and sewers for precious yellow scraps they can turn to profit.
Ahead of the festive Diwali season, it's the peak time of year for Kolkata's gold scavengers, who for centuries have sifted through dirt and sewers for precious yellow scraps they can turn to profit.

Govt forms think tank to draft policy on intellectual propertyPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:14 am
Amid the US Trade Representative launching an additional review of India’s intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, the government on Friday said it has constituted a think tank for drafting a national policy on the subject, among other measures.
According to a statement issued by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the six-member think tank, headed by Justice Prabha Sridevan, former chairperson of Intellectual Property Appellate Board, will also identify areas in the IPR “where study needs to be conducted and to furnish recommendations in this regard to the ministry”.
“The think tank will provide views on the possible implications of demands placed by the negotiating partners and keep the government regularly informed about the developments taking place in IPR cases which have an impact upon India’s IPR policy,” the statement said.
The move follows an announcement made by commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman last month that India will have a policy on IPR for protecting its interests in the field. India has been under pressure from the developed countries, mainly the US, regarding its IPR regime, especially in the pharma sector. The DIPP statement said that the think tank will inform the government on best practices and highlight anomalies in the present IPR legislation.
Through the policy, India is aiming at branding itself as the pro-IP regime.

PEE-YEW! This Comet Frickin  Stinksreddit
Mix the aroma of rotten eggs with a whiff of horse stables, throw in a hint of ammonia and formaldehyde, and voila! You've got eau de Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko .
Scientists at the University of Bern in Switzerland recently discovered the comet's pungent scent by analyzing a mixture of molecules detected in the comet's coma, the cloud of particles and gases around the space rock's nucleus.
The molecules were collected by an instrument aboard the Rosetta spacecraft, which has been flying in tandem with the comet. The instrument, called ROSINA, consists of two mass spectrometers and a pressure sensor .
(Story continues below)
— ESA Rosetta Mission (@ESA_Rosetta) October 23, 2014
Along with ammonia and formaldehyde, the molecules behind the comet's stench include hydrogen sulphide, hydrogen cyanide, methanol and sulphur dioxide, New Scientist reported.
"What's surprising is we already have extremely rich chemistry at this distance from the sun," Kathrin Altwegg, a researcher at the university who runs the ROSINA instrument, told New Scientist.
The icy comet is more than 400 million kilometers (about 250 million miles) from the sun , the researchers said in a written statement, so they weren't expecting to detect such a wide variety of molecules until the space rock neared the sun and warmed up.
"This all makes a scientifically enormously interesting mixture in order to study the origin of our solar system material," Altwegg said in the statement.
To learn even more about the comet, the Rosetta probe is scheduled to deploy its robotic lander, Philae, to the surface of the space rock on Nov. 12.
Also on HuffPost:

CVS And Rite Aid Shut Off Apple PayCVS And Rite Aid Shut Off Apple Pay
24/7 Wall St.  | By                                                                Paul Ausick
Posted:
From 24/7 Wall St.:
Last Thursday drug store chain Rite Aid Inc. (NYSE: RAD) reportedly stopped accepting payments made through the just launched Apple Pay system from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL). On Saturday, CVS Health Corp. (NYSE: CVS) was reported to have followed suit at its CVS pharmacy stores.
The issue appears to be a conflict between Apple Pay and a mobile payment system called CurrentC that is being developed by a retailer-owned mobile technology outfit called Merchant Customer Exchange (MCX). Unlike Apple Pay, CurrentC does not use an NFC chip, but instead generates a QR code that is displayed on the merchant’s checkout terminal. Customers who have already linked their bank accounts to the CurrentC system scan the QR code from the terminal and the transaction is completed.
When Apple announced Apple Pay in early September, both Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) and Best Buy Co. Inc. (NYSE: BBY) said they had no plans to adopt the new system. Both are partners in MCX along with other major retailers like Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT), Darden Restaurants Inc. (NYSE: DRI), and Sears Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: SHLD).
MCX has been working on a mobile payment solution since 2011, and the driving force behind the effort is to enable the merchants to avoid paying the 2% to 3% credit card transaction fees charged by the likes of Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) and MasterCard Inc. (NYSE: MA). How much do these big retailers dislike paying fees to Visa and MasterCard? Former Walmart CEO Lee Scott is reported to have said, “I don’t know that MCX will succeed, and I don’t care. As long as Visa suffers.”
That kind of attitude ought to help drive adoption of Apple Pay as well, but retailers have an investment in CurrentC and the system has begun real-world testing and is scheduled to go live early next year. The advantage of CurrentC is that it works with existing checkout terminals, while Apple Pay requires that most retailers purchase new equipment to communicate with the NFC chip in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Among the retailers that do not need to buy new terminals are Best Buy, Rite Aid, and CVS, so their reason for shutting down access to Apple Pay is very likely contractual or an act of solidarity with their fellow CurrentC backers.
CVS and the other CurrentC companies will almost certainly use the system exclusively for a relatively short time. If, as most observers expect, customer demand for NFC-based systems like Apple Pay grows rapidly, these retailers are not going to adopt a “my way or the highway” attitude with their customers. They have learned that when it comes to technology, it’s a consumer-driven world and they just live in it. And one other thing retailers have — or should have learned — is not to underestimate the power of Apple in the consumer world.
More:

Sensex up in early trade on fund inflows  reform hopesUpdated: October 27, 2014 10:18 IST
Sensex up in early trade on fund inflows, reform hopes
PTI
PTI Brokers said sentiments remained upbeat on expectations that the government would announce more reforms.
TOPICS
market and exchange
Rising for the sixth consecutive session, the benchmark BSE Sensex gained over 49 points in early trade on Monday on sustained foreign capital inflows amid hopes of more reforms by the government.
The 30-share index, which had gained over 851.71 points in the previous five sessions after the government announced reforms in oil & gas and coal sectors, rose by 49.33 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 26,900.38 with power, PSU, capital goods, healthcare and banking stocks leading the rise.
The NSE Nifty also edged higher by 19.30 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 8,033.85.
Stock markets remained closed on Friday on account of “Balipratipada“.
Brokers said sentiments remained upbeat on expectations that the government would announce more reforms.

Police Release Details On Ottawa Shooter s Motivereddit
Ottawa shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau had "ideological and political motives" for Wednesday's attack, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said in a statement on Sunday.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has labeled the attack an act of terrorism .
Designated a high-risk traveler, the shooter had been barred from leaving the country. U.S. officials said that he recently converted to Islam .
Police said that they have "persuasive evidence" of Zehaf-Bibeau's political motives. According to police, Zehaf-Bibeau had recorded a video of himself prior to the attack that provided some clues. The statement also provided more information on the shooter's weapons and finances.
Details of Zehaf-Bibeau's life have begun to trickle out in the days following the shooting. His mother told the AP that he had a troubled past. The 32-year-old had been arrested several times for crimes such as robbery and drug possession.
More:

Kairali TV Extends Rights Issue Closure Date To March 15E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Feeling unwell or down! Listen to Queen s  Bohemian RhapsodyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The transformation of Barbie HandaCelebrity Search
The transformation of Barbie Handa
There is no doubt that she is good looking. Barbie Handa who made her debut in Telugu film "Prema Geema Jantha Nahi" is fast becoming a sought after face in South India. And she is Priyanka Chopra’s cousin
Print
You knew her as Priyanka Chopra's cousin Barbie Handa. But now, she is Manaara which in Greek means something that shines and that is not everything. She has shed her top for the poster of her next ... more 
You knew her as Priyanka Chopra's cousin Barbie Handa. But now, she is Manaara which in Greek means something that shines and that is not everything. She has shed her top for the poster of her next flick Zid. less 
1 / 23
Yahoo India Celebrity | Photo by Twitter/zidthefilm
Mon 27 Oct, 2014 2:30 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look

To get engineers  companies offer advancement  culture and  yes  cash3
Cooke, a Groupon and Echo Global Logistics alumna, this year hired four front-end and back-end engineers to work on her platform, which connects consumers to venue owners. She said going through recruiters was not an option for the three-year-old company she joined in January.
“For a big company that might make sense,” Cooke said, “but for us it doesn’t make sense to pay somebody $20,000 up front to hire a $100,000 engineer.”
Cooke turned to LinkedIn, posting jobs and contacting promising individuals. She had no success until she started tapping friends of friends, but she still struggled to find Python developers. Cooke said she prefers that employees work together in the office — an important consideration for applicants interested in telecommuting — and that she prefers to not pay relocation fees.
Cooke said she and her engineering team often look at applicants’ portfolios on GitHub, an open-source site where developers publish revisions to their work — a low-budget way to judge a person’s skill level.
At Cleversafe, a Chicago-based IT storage company, referrals from existing employees are the top source of new talent, said vice chairman Chris Gladwin. He said great engineers look first at the work itself and the people they’ll get to work with. In his experience, when the salary is fair, the other factors gain importance.
Gladwin says Cleversafe attracts leading engineers because the company keeps “doing the hard stuff first.” He said the engineering team at the 10-year-old company has produced hundreds of patents and that he expects hundreds more. The building’s lobby is lined with photos of inventions and their creators.
Every year, Cleversafe holds a patent awards dinner to celebrate employees’ achievements. Such recognition measures have helped the company hold onto its top engineers for up to nine years and maintain a 98 percent employee retention rate, Gladwin said.
Enova, an online lender, uses its downtown location to entice engineering graduates from the Midwest and East Coast. Sarah Doll, senior director of talent management, said inviting candidates with job offers to Chicago for an “elite weekend” that included dinners and a Second City show helped increase their acceptance rate from 50 to about 71 percent.
The company works hard to let candidates know it wants them, but “we want them to want us as well,” Doll said. That’s why Enova requires college graduates and experiences applicants to take an intense technical test before receiving an offer. Gladwin said Cleversafe candidates go through a similar process. Both said it helps weed out engineers who wouldn’t cut it in their environments.
“The interesting feedback I get is how great our interview process is because it not only shows them what the expectations would be if they worked here, but also it demonstrates how talented our engineers here are,” Doll said.
So what’s the formula for attracting top talent?
There might not be one. But Jonathan Pauli has job-searching down to a science, which is not surprising for an engineer. Pauli, who joined health content firm ContextMedia six months ago as a senior developer/ops engineer, said he ranked factors in the order of impact, culture and salary.
Pauli said culture is important but does not outweigh the need for a fair salary. He said he interviewed at some places that showed off their pool tables but offered him less than market rate.
If salary falls below a certain number, he said, “you can’t maintain a certain lifestyle, eat healthily, or live in a certain area,” he said. “If you can’t do those things, ultimately you have to keep looking.”
Once companies nab the best engineers, holding onto them becomes a new challenge. Gabe McDonald, IT branch manager at Schaumburg-based staffing firm Addison Group, recommended engaging them through profit-sharing based on their project’s success. For privately held firms, this can be a way to entice talent to ignore other offers and see their projects to completion.
“There has to be some connection to the organization, because if you're just doing your job, getting paid your salary, unless that salary is (exorbitant), somebody eventually will pay you more,” McDonald said.

Sensex retreats from 1-mth high  closes 98 pts down  logs first drop in six daysE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New device to monitor adverse effects of cancer drugE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How one company focused on the basics to climb out of bankruptcyHow one company focused on the basics to climb out of bankruptcy
Enve wheels
Smart Enve System 6.7 road racing wheels
Smart Enve System 6.7 road racing wheels (Will Ireland/ Procycling Magazine)
By Robin D. Schatz, Inc.com
Bankruptcy
'When you try to pursue everything, nothing is a priority.'
Sarah Lehman became CEO of a nearly bankrupt carbon fiber bike parts manufacturer in January 2010. The Utah company, then called Edge Composites, had 78 employees, $2.8 million in revenue, high product-development costs, and a trademark dispute in Europe. Faced with a cease-and-desist order, Lehman renamed the company Enve Composites. But her hard ride as CEO had just begun. Joined by two investors, she and her husband “put everything we owned into the company,” she says. “We stood around each week and looked at each other and said, ‘Who’s gonna sell what this week to meet payroll?’”
Chicago’s “Blackline” didn’t get the vote. Seattle’s “Denny” did. ( Kenny Reiter )
Lehman had worked in the pharmaceutical and automotive industries, but not in  cycling . So she focused her initial efforts on instituting sound business practices. “Sometimes entrepreneurs get stuck,” she says. “When you try to pursue everything, nothing is a priority. At some point, you have to choose a few ideas  and make them happen.” Lehman shares tips for executing a plan.
As told to  Robin D. Schatz.
1. Make cash king
To save cash, Lehman reduced inventory, stocking products in only one color. She and the other owners took no salary for more than two years. Bike shops were moved from extended payment terms to prepayment. There was no holiday party that first year, no new office furniture, and no marketing sponsorships. Eleven months after Lehman became CEO, Enve booked its first profit. Profits have flowed ever since, and 2013 sales hit $21 million. “I never doubted we were going to succeed,” she says. “Our founder [Jason Shiers] believed in it, the employees believed in it, and we worked together as a team.”
2. Keep a sharp eye on quality
Lehman hired a new director of manufacturing after learning that half the wheels Enve made in its Utah facility had to be scrapped for not meeting quality standards. This made it impossible for the company to ramp up economically and boost its top line. Enve moved operations to a clean room, standardized training, created new supplier quality standards, and instituted a maintenance schedule for tools. Scrap rates dropped to single digits. Revenue grew. “It's easy to make one of anything,” Lehman says. “The true test of manufacturing is to make hundreds or thousands of something consistently and reliably.”
3. Launch new products quickly
When Lehman took over, many products languished in the development pipeline. She and her team decided to develop only the most promising ideas. She also worked to keep head count lean and the organizational structure flat as the company grew. This, she says, lets her team “make decisions very quickly, and people are empowered to execute.” So empowered, in fact, that they sometimes countermand her. When the team proposed a new downhill wheel, Lehman back-burnered it as a low priority. She went away for a week. When she returned, the new wheel had been built and tested and was on her desk.

2015 Subaru WRX pushes performance and value2015 Subaru WRX pushes performance and value
Caption 2015 Subaru WRX
2015 Subaru WRX redesign makes the little bull faster, more efficient and a whole lotta fun.
Despite a lame touch screen, Subaru's redesigned WRX has improved on everything.
2015 Subaru WRX redesign is the best value for a compact sports sedan under $30,000, just barely.
Subaru officially dropped Impreza from the WRX name for 2015, and aside from losing the hatchback, the rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000.
Certain cars attract certain drivers. ( Robert Duffer )
Though the axles are an inch farther apart, the WRX is still stocky and kind of odd looking, like a baby bull not yet grown into its body. The fascia has lost its underbite and the grille has opened up, giving it a boxier and tougher stance with improved air flow. The boxiness ends as the hood flows back into a more raked windshield and sleeker roofline that shaves 2 inches off front headroom into a more rounded, less vertical tail. The little bull quickly endears its odd-shaped self, especially on the roomy inside. And once the little bull bellows, the twin-scroll turbocharger sounds surprisingly and delightfully menacing.
8
This bull is fun to goad. The 2.5-liter has been replaced with a power-packed direct injection 2.0-liter boxer four cylinder that has the twin-scroll turbocharger. It makes 268 horsepower and 258 pound-feet of torque, which is a slight boost in numbers from 2014, but the new WRX hits its high points at a much lower range on the RPM gauge, with max torque available at 2,000 RPM instead of 4,000.
It's quick from a stop, embarrassing the BRZ even before the difference maker kicks in. Just before 3,000 RPM, the WRX takes off. Even after a week of driving the 2015 Limited, I was surprised each time I hit that extra irresistible burst. It'll tempt even the most responsible drivers, which typically aren't WRX owners, who get more moving violations than any other car owner , according to Insurance.com.
The transmission gets bumped up from a five- to a six-speed manual, though a paddle-shifting 8-speed CVT is available to inflame the purists. The shifting is short and punchy, and the clutch pedal quickly pops back out, enabling hard shifting.
What's easy to overlook in the sportiness of the WRX is the interior roominess. For a compact sedan, it was surprisingly wide despite the trimmed headroom. The rear seats fit two with ease, though three could make a fun run of it.
0
The $29,995 WRX Limited, which gets the LED treatment on the outside, has leather-trimmed and heated seats, redundant audio controls on the steering wheel and a tiny but sufficient back-up camera. The one option on our tester was navigation with Harman Kardon audio and keyless start, which is fine, but the 6.1-inch touch screen is, umm, lame. The screen buttons are smaller than a pinky nail, and navigating XM stations, setting presets, and using voice commands seem thrown in as part of a package not meant for such a Pong-like screen.
The interface doesn't come close to matching the dynamic driving mechanics. It's like Subaru has the stuff but they just can't put it all together. There's another screen molded deep into the dash, like a dash scoop almost, that is above the center stack. The 4.3-inch screen acts as a multi-function vehicle information display you usually find sandwiched between the tachometer and speedometer. Giving it high priority in the center of the dash with a hard key up/down arrow under the hazard button lets you switch between everything from the boost gauge to fuel economy metrics, which improves to 21 mpg city, 28 mpg highway from 19/25 in the 2014. On the highway at about 60 mph on a series of 25-mile round trippers, I averaged 32 mpg without trying to beat the EPA.
The mpg ratings underscore what was so pleasant about the 2015 WRX: There's no compromise. It comfortably seats four, is performance-tuned but smartly so, it looks good and it sounds great.

Guard against inflation in retirement incomeGuard against inflation in retirement income
By Janet Kidd Stewart
Retirement Retirement Planning Inflation and Deflation Finance
Gains in your 401(k) this year might not be enough to cover your retirement expenses.
Thanks to inflation, workers will be able to sock away more in retirement accounts next year and retirees will get a modest bump in Social Security benefits.
Also thanks to inflation, retirement is getting costlier.
So while you're congratulating yourself for the gains in your 401(k) this year, be aware that they might not be enough to cover your retirement expenses.
So concludes recent data from investment firm BlackRock, which calculates what it calls CoRI indexes that track Americans' retirement savings against inflation targets, longevity expectations, interest rate changes and other measures.
Median retirement savings among 55-year-olds rose about 16 percent in the year ended Sept. 30 — to $271,620 — but the projected cost of retirement jumped by about 18 percent, according to BlackRock. Every $1 of future retirement income for those 55-year-olds, based on current life expectancy, takes savings today of more than $15, the company said. A year ago, the figure needed was about $12.
cComments
Most of us need to save more, much more for retirement. Here is what I’m doing: 1. I now put away the maximum amount in my 401K (5% for me) that my employer will pay into the plan as a match. It is free money and dumb not to do it. It was basically a raise I gave myself. 2. After calculating my...
Gabby Chen
1
"That's a pretty dramatic change," said Chip Farrell, head of BlackRock's U.S. Retirement Group. "As interest rates come down, the cost of providing retirement income goes up." (There was less volatility for investors in their 60s because they have a shorter time horizon to retirement.)
The indexes are constructed to deliver liability-driven results, meaning that a target income number is matched to fixed-income investments. And in a low interest rate environment, it takes more invested dollars to meet future income needs.
The company sells mutual funds based off the indexes that are named for the target year when an investor turns 65. They are predominantly invested in long-duration and corporate bonds and derivatives — somewhat similar to an annuity concept, without the cost or the guarantees of an annuity.
"I think the data show it's important to concentrate not only on the value of your investments, but on how they move" in relation to factors such as inflation, Farrell said.
Here are some key inflation-based hikes in retirement account savings limits and Social Security benefits that were released recently for 2015:
Benefit hike: Social Security and Supplemental Security Income beneficiaries get a 1.7 percent inflation bump next year, which translates to about $22 per month for average retirees. Average monthly benefits for retirees are estimated to be $1,328, or $2,176 for couples who are both receiving benefits. Maximum individual benefits for workers retiring at full retirement age in 2015 are $2,663 per month.
Pre-retirees: If you've started collecting Social Security benefits and are still working prior to your full retirement age, a portion of benefits are withheld for every dollar you earn above $15,720. In the year you reach full retirement age, the earnings limit is $41,880. (Keep in mind these withholdings are worked back into your primary insurance amount after full retirement age, though not as a lump sum.)
Workplace plans: Contribution limits for 401(k), 403(b) and federal employee plans increase by $500, to $18,000.
Catch-up: Workers 50 and older will be able to boost their accounts at work by $6,000, up from $5,500 this year. Catch-up provisions for IRAs didn't budge from $1,000 because they aren't tied to inflation.
IRAs: Ditto the contribution limit for IRAs, which remains at $5,500. Tax deductions for contributions are phased out for singles with adjusted gross income between $61,000 and $71,000. Phase-outs on the deductions for married couples begin at income of $96,000, depending on whether the IRA-holder or the spouse is covered by a workplace plan.
Roth IRAs: Income-based phase-outs for making contributions to Roth IRAs, where after-tax money grows and is generally withdrawn tax-free, increase to $183,000 to $193,000 for married couples filing jointly and $116,000 to $131,000 for singles and heads of household.
Saver's credit: The adjusted gross income limit to qualify for the saver's credit is $61,000 for married couples filing jointly, $45,750 for heads of household and $30,000 for singles.
Entrepreneurs: Maximum contributions to SEP-IRA and Solo 401(k) plans are $53,000 for 2015, up from $52,000. The employee deferral limit for SIMPLE plans rises to $12,500. Be aware that these plans come with other restrictions that may further limit contributions.
Share your journey to or through retirement or send a retirement question to journey@janetkiddstewart.com .

New paint colors help personalize carsNew paint colors help personalize cars
2014 Dodge Challengers
2014 Dodge Challenger in Billet Silver, Sublime Green and Jazz Blue.
2014 Dodge Challenger in Billet Silver, Sublime Green and Jazz Blue. (Webb Bland, Dodge)
By Casey Williams, Chicago Tribune
From Velocity Yellow to Sublime Green, automakers offer a palette of colors that would make Da Vinci envious.
Favorite color? For new car buyers, the choices are almost endless.
Colors change with the seasons, but an automobile is never fully dressed without a coat of paint. While Henry Ford would let customers have only black to speed the drying process, today's automakers offer a palette that would make da Vinci envious, with names like Velocity Yellow, Cashmere Metal, Ruby Red Pearl, Fathom Blue, Orange Fire Pearl.
Gas tank empty on your shiny new 2014 Toyota Corolla? ( Jim Mateja, Special to Tribune Newspapers )
"Overall, the most popular colors are more natural," said La Shirl Turner, design chief of advanced colors and materials for Chrysler Group. "Typically, it's white, silver and black. At the Paris auto show, neutral brown and earth tones were big. We also have our impact colors — reds and blues."
Paint types varied recently. Metallics have been the rage for a while, but matte finishes are showing up on Smarts and German sports cars. Nonmetallic paints with their dense color are making a comeback. Think of the grayish-blue Anvil color popular on Jeeps, light blue and pale orange on Dodge Dart, and red on Chevy trucks. Conversely, adding metallic to traditionally straight colors like white on the Subaru BRZ creates interest.
0
Regardless of era, some colors are staples. Chevrolet always has some version of medium blue for Corvette and Camaro (the most popular Corvette color is red). Ford King Ranch pickups exploit prairie-inspired themes. Dodge Challenger has hues like Plum Crazy, Header Orange and TorRed. Subaru is famous for Blue Pearl.
Brand, lifestyle and vehicle type affect available colors. Turner says it's important not to have every color on every vehicle. Jeeps and Fiats offer more expressive shades because of their use and customers, while luxury cars stick to darker, more traditional colors. It may seem silly to have bright orange on a luxury sedan, but looking at the circus hues Chinese buyers like for their Rolls-Royces, maybe not.
Wheels are showing colors too.
"We did slate wheels on the Chrysler 300 Varvatos," Turner said. "It's a space we're really working towards for the future. For customers, it's not just about body color. They pay attention to accessories like they do interiors."
Brightly painted brake calipers have even migrated from sports cars to family sedans.
How do designers know when they've gone too far?
"When my boss looks scared," Turner joked. "When we're presenting future colors, and the room gets quiet, it could be really scary or could be the best color out there."

2015 Subaru WRX gallery
First steps toward an innovation mindsetFirst steps toward an innovation mindset
First steps toward an innovation mindset
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, speaks about cultivating an innovation mindset. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, speaks about cultivating an innovation mindset. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)

Zebra Technologies completes Motorola-unit buy  to absorb up to 400 Chicago workers0
Chicago-area employees will move in March into a new combined office in Lincolnshire, he said. Software developers will remain in Zebra’s downtown office.
Gustafsson said Zebra will save about $150 million through a variety of cost-cutting measures, including negotiating better pricing from suppliers based on greater volume. He said the acquisition would result in a “modest impact” on jobs, in part because Motorola Solutions announced its own layoffs this year.
“We feel quite good about how we can achieve those targets by focusing primarily on non-headcount activities,” Gustafsson said.
The deal-closing announcement comes a week ahead of Zebra’s third-quarter earnings announcement on Nov. 4. Gustafsson said he expects investors to be pleased with the news of the completed acquisition.
Zebra Technologies shares traded early Monday at $69.48, up 18 cents on the day. Motorola traded at $62.81, up 24 cents.
Zebra’s and Motorola Solutions’ stocks fell in August after the companies posted second-quarter drops in earnings.
“The interim period is always a bit problematic,” Gustafsson said.
Gustafsson expects the acquisition to position Zebra as a leader in “enterprise asset intelligence” and said the company will develop more comprehensive solutions for customers seeking data-based insight into their physical operations. He said the company will be able to do everything from printing the barcode to reading it to delivering analytics, thereby improving processes such as real-time inventory management for retailers.
Zebra officials spent the past six months making sure the Motorola Solutions’ unit could function as a standalone business, Gustafsson said.
“Unanimously, we feel we’re ready,” Gustafsson said.
Meanwhile, Motorola's Brown said the sale of the enterprise business will free up the company to focus on serving public-safety customers. Brown said the company put effort into “appropriately sizing” the company this year and would be adding hundreds of employees worldwide in 2015.

WATCH: Singer Screws Up National Anthem At World Series GameAaron Lewis Screws Up National Anthem At World Series Game [UPDATE]
AP/HuffPost
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — There was an error at Game 5 of the World Series even before the first pitch.
Singer Aaron Lewis stumbled early on during his rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner" on Sunday night.
After starting with "O say can you see by the dawn's early light, what so proudly we hailed," Lewis diverted from the lyrics. Instead of singing "at the twilight's last gleaming" he sang " were so gallantly streaming," words that appear later in the national anthem.
UPDATE: On Sunday night, Lewis released a statement about the incident.
"All I can say is I'm sorry and ask for the Nation's forgiveness. My nerves got the best of me and I am completely torn up about what happened. America is the greatest country in the world. The Star-Spangled Banner means so much to so many, including myself. I hope everyone can understand the intensity of the situation and my true intent of this performance. I hope that the Nation, Major League Baseball and the many fans of our national pastime can forgive me."
More:

Strong foreign appetite helps Tata Motors raise $750 mE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Uber  But For Kids. What Could Possibly Go Wrongreddit
Parents used to tell kids never to accept rides from strangers. Now they pay for the privilege.
A new app called Shuddle, already dubbed "the Uber for kids," is designed to provide rides to children who are too young to drive themselves to sports practice and other extracurriculars.
The idea is simple. Parents download an app and ping a car and driver to come pick up their child. Rides can be booked up to a week in advance . After booking the ride, you get an email with the name and photo of the driver, along with information about the car she's driving. You choose a password that the driver must repeat when she arrives to verify that she's a Shuddle employee (rather than some miscellaneous wacko.)
Then, as your child is driven to his destination, you can watch in real time as a small icon on your phone moves across a map. Transactions get charged to your credit card, so you don't have to worry about giving your kid a fistful of cash.
"Your child is your most precious cargo," Shuddle founder and CEO Nick Allen told HuffPost. "And we've built and designed our whole service with that in mind."
Nick Allen is the founder and CEO of Shuddle. (Photo: Shuddle/Nick Allen)
The new San Francisco-based startup (which currently employs 18 people, Allen said) has a few different measures in place to reassure parents that it's safe to send their children off alone in a car with a stranger. All drivers are subjected to checks on their criminal histories, DMV records and two former employers. Drivers must either have kids of their own or have the experience of having worked with kids at some point, Allen said. "Think of your driver as a neighbor who you can count on," he said.
Additionally, Shuddle employees constantly monitor every ride to make sure things are going smoothly, Allen said. The company purchases insurance that has special coverage for children, something that Uber and Lyft do not, Allen said. Shuddle drivers must provide their own cars, Allen said, and their cars must be less than 10 years old, have at least four doors , and pass a 19-point inspection , according to the company's website.
The service currently only exists in San Francisco, but has plans to expand soon. "We want to build a nationally recognized brand out of this, and we hope we can start to do it in the coming months," Allen said, adding that Shuddle has already raised $2.6 million in funding from various angel- and institutional investors.
All the company's current drivers (of which there are about 100) are female, Allen said, although that's not an official policy. He attributes it to the theory that lots of female drivers are skittish about applying for jobs with larger ride-sharing services like Uber or Lyft. "Because a lot of the ride volume occurs late at night, when people have often been drinking, women perceive--rightly or wrongly--that those services may not be safe," he said.
Potential drawbacks for some customers include the fact that kids are required to have a cellphone with texting capabilities in order to use the service, and bookings (for now, anyways) have to be made before 10 a.m. the day before the actual ride. Allen also said Shuddle won't be giving rides to kids who need carseats.
Before starting Shuddle, Allen was a founder and executive of the ride-sharing company SideCar, and a partner at venture capital firm Spring Ventures.
The idea of a taxi service exclusively for children has struck a nerve among some concerned parents. On its Facebook page, the Today Show asked , "Would you use an Uber-like service for your kids?" and got dozens of replies from parents saying things like "Absolutely not" and "Hell no."
"My kids, my responsibility," said one . "There will always be bad ones [drivers] who slip through the cracks," said another .
This post has been updated to include an interview with Shuddle CEO Nick Allen.
More:

NY Times Makes Big InvestmentNew York Times Invests In Dutch Startup Blendle
Posted:
AMSTERDAM (AP) — A Dutch startup that sells news on a per-article basis has landed a 3 million euro investment from The New York Times and the German publishing house Axel Springer SE.
Blender founder Alexander Klopping says his company will use the money to fund an international rollout.
Blendle's strategy is to make it easy for users to pay small amounts — as little as a dime per story. It then adds a social networking element, as users can follow each other and recommend stories.
The service enjoyed early success in the Netherlands as almost all major newspapers and magazines offer content through the site.
The Economist had been the most prominent international news organization to use Blendle, but Klopping said Monday the NYT and Axel Springer's properties will now follow suit.
More:

Black money in India: HSBC list has 628 names  top amount $18 mnBlack money in India: HSBC list has 628 names, top amount $18 mn
Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 13:47  IST
Oct 26 2014, 13:47  IST
 

New Maruti Suzuki Alto K10: Thrills on wheels wont come any cheaperNew Maruti Suzuki Alto K10: Thrills on wheels won’t come any cheaper
Vikram Chaudhary | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 17:18  IST
Oct 25 2014, 17:18  IST
 

Amazon Takes On Roku And Chromecastreddit
Look out, Roku.
Amazon on Monday announced the Fire TV Stick, a device that's about the size of a pack of gum that plugs into your TV to allow you to stream Netflix, Hulu, Amazon and other video and music from the Internet to your TV.
The Fire TV Stick, which starts at $39 -- less than Roku's $50 Streaming Stick and slightly more than Google's $35 Chromecast -- comes just six months after Amazon announced its first set-top box, Amazon Fire TV .
Like other streaming devices, the Fire TV Stick also allows people to play games and stream music from services like Spotify and Pandora.
Amazon is offering a number of hardware features to set itself apart from the competition. With 8GB of storage and a dual-core processor, Amazon boasts that the Fire TV Stick is the "most powerful streaming media stick." Unlike Chromecast, it comes with a remote, so people don't have rely on a smartphone to control what they're watching. For $30 more  -- yes, almost twice the price of the device -- you can upgrade the remote, which will allow you to use your voice to search for programming and apps.
Here's the Amazon Fire TV Stick with remote:
There are also perks to getting on the Fire TV Stick bandwagon early. For the next two days, Amazon is offering the stick for $19 to new and existing members of Amazon Prime, the company's $99 annual loyalty program. Members of Prime get free two-day shipping on millions of items, as well as access to Amazon's growing streaming video and music libraries.
As Business Insider points out, the Fire TV Stick works slightly differently than Chromecast because it streams directly to your TV rather than through your phone.
The Fire TV Stick ships on November 19th.
More:

Indian shares seen starting higherE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi govt scraps UPA s selection of six public sector bank CMDsBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Six billion reasons why investors are interested in e-commerce in IndiaSpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
Consulting firm Gartner said the Indian e-commerce market is projected to reach $6 billion in value of goods sold in 2015, a 70% spike in revenue over 2014, making the country the fastest growing e-commerce market in Asia-Pacific region. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: Newspapers on Thursday were abuzz with Softbank Corp. ’s estimated $600 million investment in Snapdeal.com , an Indian e-commerce site run by Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd , a story originally reported by Mint on 18 September.
The investment comes after Flipkart India Pvt. Ltd , which runs Flipkart.com, raised $1 billion.
Subsequently, Amazon.com Inc announced that it would invest $2 billion in its Indian arm over the years.
So, why is everyone bullish on e-commerce in India?
On Thursday, consulting firm Gartner Inc said the Indian e-commerce market is projected to reach $6 billion in value of goods sold in 2015, a 70% spike in revenue over 2014, making the country the fastest growing e-commerce market in Asia-Pacific region.
“Digital commerce is at a nascent stage in India. However, India is one of the fastest-growing eCommerce markets in the Asia-Pacific,” said Praveen Sengar, research director at Gartner. “India represents a $3.5 billion market, growing at approximately 60-70 % every year. It represents less than 4% of the total retail market. B2C (business to consumer) eCommerce leads the market in India, while B2B (business to business) is limited to organizations that drive online channels to integrate with their partners and distributors.”
The investments are also driven by a desire to participate in the Indian consumption story. Indian laws do not easily allow huge investments by foreign companies in local retail.
Gartner also said in its report that it was optimistic about the prospects of so-called mobile commerce in India.
Already, companies including consumer product goods, food and beverages sellers have started investing in mobile commerce
“Mobile commerce will help organization skip the desktop wave with increasing penetration of affordable smart devices with connectivity and a rapidly growing ecosystem to engage customers on mobile. Thirty percent of traffic for eCommerce sites come from mobile and tablets,” the report said.
Flipkart usually gets half of its traffic from customers using the Internet or an app on mobile phones. India’s biggest online retailer gets around 6 million hits every day, Amod Malviya , chief technology officer (CTO), Flipkart India Pvt. Ltd, said in an interview earlier this week.
Digital companies, the report said, will expand investments in personalization, digital marketing, web analytics and big data in order to tap India’s approximately 200 million social networks users.
“The digital commerce platform market is maturing; incumbent vendors are investing in building out their commerce platforms, and those in adjacent areas, such as search, order management and marketing — both through organic development and acquisition,” said Sengar. “Vendors are increasingly focused on execution and winning new customers, sometimes at the expense of articulating future vision. Merger and acquisition activity is increasing, resulting in fewer digital commerce platform options in the market, but also serving to extend the commerce platforms of the established vendors.”
The report cautioned that limited Internet penetration, low digital commerce volume, multiple payment models (cash on delivery, credit card and wire transfers), logistics and fulfilment challenges, higher return rates and low average order value may put pressure on the profitability and viability of B2C e-commerce businesses.

 Snapdeal to Get $627 Mn Investment From SoftBankYou are here: Home Corporates
Snapdeal to Get Record $627 Million Investment From SoftBank
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 10:15 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Tokyo: Japanese telecom and media group SoftBank Corp has agreed to buy a $627 million (Rs. 3,825 crore, $1 = Rs. 61) stake in Indian online retailer Snapdeal, seeking to tap into potentially huge e-commerce growth in the market with the world's third-biggest Internet user base.
Highlighting India as a new priority in its aggressive expansion, SoftBank said on Tuesday it's also leading a $210 million round of investment in an Indian logistics business in a separate deal. The cash-rich Japanese company made waves with its plans to grow outside its home base last year when it bought No. 3 US mobile carrier Sprint Corp for $21.6 billion.
SoftBank said it will become New Delhi-based Snapdeal's biggest investor, but officials at the Japanese company declined to say immediately how big the stake in India's third-biggest online marketplace will be.
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion in July. Snapdeal has more than 25 million registered users and more than 50,000 business sellers, according to a statement by SoftBank.
The Snapdeal investment was announced alongside SoftBank Internet and Media Inc's (SIMI) lead in a $210 million investment with existing investors in Indian transportation aggregator ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd. SoftBank didn't specify how much it was investing in ANI, which operates a mobile application for cab booking.
Both deals were negotiated under newly appointed SoftBank Vice chairman and SIMI chief executive Nikesh Arora, reflecting the company's recent aggressive overseas expansion.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential," Arora, a former Google executive, said in a statement.
Mr Arora will be joining both Snapdeal and ANI's boards as part of the investment, SoftBank said.
In one of its highest profile investments since buying Sprint, SoftBank said earlier this month it was taking a minority stake in Hollywood movie studio Legendary Entertainment for $250 million.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Scientists Set New World Record With ThisBrrr! An international team of scientists claims to have set a world record by cooling an 880-pound block of copper to a temperature of six milliKelvins (or -459.659 degrees Fahrenheit).
That's just a smidge above absolute zero , which is roughly -460 Fahrenheit.
"This is a major technological achievement ,” Dr. Karsten Heeger, a professor of physics at Yale University , said in a written statement.
Heeger is director of Yale’s Arthur W. Wright Laboratory, which is involved in the CUORE ( Cryogenic Underground Observatory for Rare Events ) collaboration that is conducting the cryogenics research. The collaboration, based at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy, involves 130 scientists from the U.S., Italy, China, Spain, France, and other countries.
The record-setting cold temperature--achieved with a chamber-like device known as a cryostat--is a prelude to another experiment that may help explain the behavior of ghostly subatomic particles known as neutrinos, and it may answer longstanding questions about the composition of matter in the universe.
As the scientists said in the written statement:
Specifically, the experiment will look at a rare process called neutrinoless double-beta decay. The detection of this process would let researchers demonstrate, for the first time, that neutrinos and antineutrinos are the same — thereby offering a possible explanation for the abundance of matter, rather than anti-matter, in the universe.
Cool!

Ajay Devgn had to work hard for sword fight sequence in  Action JacksonAjay Devgn will be seen doing a sword fight sequence in his upcoming film "Action Jackson", and the actor says it was after a long time that he had to put in a lot of practice for the action scenes.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 12:50 pm
Ajay Devgn will be seen doing a sword fight sequence in his upcoming film “Action Jackson”, and the actor says it was after a long time that he had to put in a lot of practice for the action scenes.
“There is a very stylised sword fighting designed by Prabhudheva, and after a very long time, I had to even practice to do action. So it has come out very nicely,” the 45-year-old said here Monday at a press conference.
Ajay even had to work on his physique while shooting for the film.
“The character goes through a change-over in the film. So, first he (Prabhudheva) asked me to put on weight and then I lost 17 kg. It took me two months,” he said.
Explaining the demand for a change in Ajay’s physique, Prabhudheva, who has directed the movie, said: “I asked him to change because there is a bare-bodied sequence.”
“Action Jackson” also stars Sonakshi Sinha and Yami Gautam and hits theatres Dec 5.

Ranbaxy Laboratories swings to profit in Q2Ranbaxy Laboratories swings to profit in Q2
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 14:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Ranbaxy Laboratories, which is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, has reported a profit in its second quarter.
The company on Tuesday reported a profit of Rs 4.78 billion ($78 million), compared with a loss of Rs 4.5 billion a year earlier, when it took a foreign exchange charge of Rs 3.6 billion.
Shares of Ranbaxy Laboratories were trading 6.86 per cent higher at Rs 638.60 in afternoon trade on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
(Reuters)

Sensex up over 100 pts; Ranbaxy  Sun Pharma surge 5-6%Oct 28, 2014, 02.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex up over 100 pts; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge 5-6%
GAIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, Tata Power and ICICI Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Reliance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex up over 100 pts; Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma surge 5-6%
GAIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, Tata Power and ICICI Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Reliance.
Post your opinion here
13:08
Moneycontrol Bureau
2:00 pm Market check: The market seems to have woken from slumber as the Sensex is up 118.66 points at 26871.56. The Nifty up 35.25 points at 8026.95. About 1364 shares have advanced, 1307 shares declined, and 123 shares are unchanged.
Ranbaxy is up 6 percent after reporting stellar Q2 results. Sun Pharma is up 5 percent, Cipla, GAIL, ICICI Bank and SBI are other gainers in the Sensex.
1:40 pm Earnings: Net profit of Lupin grew to Rs 630 crore in the second quarter ended September 2014. Its revenue jumped to Rs 3173 crore from Rs 2668 year-on-year. Formulations business was up 19 percent at Rs 2,799 crore, US gained 23 percent at Rs 1,272 crore, Europe was up 11 percent at  Rs 87.6 crore and India grew 20 percent at Rs 799 crore on yearly basis. 
1: 30 pm Results: Ranbaxy's Q2 net profit stands at Rs 478 crore versus loss of Rs 454 crore in a corresponding quarter last year. During the quarter, its revenue jumped to Rs 3260 crore from Rs 2,802 crore year-on-year. Its EBITDA was at Rs 807 crore while operating margin was at 24. 8 percent.
Don't miss: HUL weak post Q2: Why are analysts still positive on it?
It is another day of sluggishness on Dalal Street as the benchmark indices do not make any remarkable gain. The Sensex is up 42.91 points at 26795.81 and the Nifty is up 14.95 points at 8006.65.  About 1262 shares have advanced, 1295 shares declined, and 120 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, Tata Power and ICICI Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Reliance.
Asian equities trade mixed. Investors tread cautiously ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting due to begin later today.
Brent crude extended its decline to a third day, dropping towards USD 85 a barrel, still under pressure from a Goldman Sachs report that slashed the investment bank's oil price forecasts amid a global supply glut.
Citing rising production and insufficient demand, Goldman Sachs on Sunday cut its forecast for Brent to USD 85 a barrel from USD 100 for the first quarter of 2015 and reduced its projection for US crude to USD 75 from USD 90.
Analysts from other major banks have also cut forecasts for 2014 and 2015 crude oil prices, citing global growth concerns, a strengthening dollar and ample supplies.
 
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Tech Mahindra, SBI most active
Software solutions provider Tech Mahindra climbed over a percent ahead of earnings (on Wednesday). Analysts expect the company to report a 15.5 percent growth in profit while dollar revenue may report a 3.83 percent sequential growth at USD 888 million during the quarter.

Bunker CEO Todd Connor on veterans   distinctive and special  shared experienceWe've built a model that we’re replicating in other cities almost like a franchise to enable veterans to tap the veteran entrepreneurial community where they live. 
Q. So these aren’t just military companies?
A. Right. Some of the businesses do relate to a military purpose because that’s the experience of the founders. For example, Prevail Health Solutions has a behavioral health-technology platform that addresses post traumatic stress disorder as well as other discrete behavioral health conditions.
As we create the national network, we’re interested in focusing different cities on different markets. For example, at Washington D.C., we want to focus on federal procurement because that’s a really hot market with the Department of Defense. Colorado Springs has great network around aerospace because it’s the home of the U.S. Air Force Academy.
Q. One concern about specialized incubators is that they can be perceived as somehow lower than the main organization. How do you address that?
A. By way of context, there’s something fundamentally different about veterans. When civilians talk about veterans, they assume it’s an identity class. But when veterans talk about veterans, it’s a group of people that have shared an experience that’s really distinctive and special.
All of our founders have already experienced hardship circumstances through their work environment because they’ve been on active duty. We’re part of a very niche community here where there’s a language, a lingo and a way of working that is very appealing to them, and they like the idea of being surrounded by other veterans who can help create connectivity in ways they otherwise wouldn't be able to do on their own.
Q. What needs are you serving for your founders?
A. The opportunity is to help connect them to capital and the right advisers so they can grow their businesses faster than they would be able to do on their own. The average age of the CEOs in our incubator are 38 years old. Most of them, 70 percent, are already making money. Some startups need the platform to raise their profile through media attention and others to become veteran-certified to help them win federal contracts. It really depends on the business.
Q. What lessons on risk and failure will you transfer to The Bunker?
A. The self-imposed emotional barriers are always much greater than the real business barriers. The biggest challenge for most people is to convince themselves that they have the capacity to do whatever it is they want to do; the biggest challenge is never getting started. That’s the thing I’m constantly trying to role model.
Q. So how do you overcome that?
A. People over-think taking on new projects. People think about how to write a whole book, but what they need to think about is how to write the first page.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Bigg Boss 8: Sonali Raut kicks Ali Quli for misbehaving with herAli does his best to explain that he was joking. However, he is severely punished by Bigg Boss.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:07 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 11:54 am
As usual the Bigg Boss house is erupting with a whole lot of happenings. Following Praneet’s outburst against captain Ali Quli Mirza for nominating him without any valid reason, there is unrest once again in the house. Ali is accused to inappropriate behaviour with regards to Sonali Raut.
While sitting with Upen Patel and Sonali late at night, Ali happens to touch Sonali on her knee under the blanket as a prank. However, she gets very upset and lashes out at him. Kicking him on his chest, she warns him never to repeat his actions.
Ali does his best to explain that he was joking. However, he is severely punished by Bigg Boss.
Later, a phone booth is placed out in the garden. While Karishma and Praneet are walking past it, it starts ringing. Karishma answers it, only to find herself in the middle of a task. She is then required to remain on the phone until said otherwise by Mr. X, who is speaking from the other end of the phone.
Karishma is then given different tasks during the day and if she fails, she will run the risk of getting nominated for next week directly. Will Karishma get through her task with Mr. X?

JSPL to Invest $2 Billion for Capacity Expansion in Oman PlantYou are here: Home Corporates
JSPL to Invest $2 Billion for Capacity Expansion in Oman Plant
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 16:37 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi:
Jindal Steel and Power today said it will invest around $2 billion to raise capacity of its Oman-based wholly-owned subsidiary Shadeed Iron and Steel LLC by 2.5 million tonnes per annum over the next 3-4 years.
Naveen Jindal-led JSPL had bought Shadeed Iron and Steel LLC (Jindal Shadeed) in July 2010 from Abu-Dhabi's Al Ghaith Holdings for about $500 million. The capacity of the plant, third largest in the Middle East, now stands at 2 mtpa.
"We will raise the capacity of the plant by 2.5 mtpa. It will require around $2 billion investment," JSPL's Managing Director and Group CEO Ravi Uppal said here.
On the sidelines of an event after the signing of a $725 million syndicated term loan with Bank Muscat, Uppal said that work on the plant would start after getting the required approval from the local governments.
Jindal Shadeed's Chief Executive Officer Naushad Ansari said environmental clearance for the proposed expansion of the plant was likely to come in next 8-9 months and after that the company would start placing orders with the hope of completing the expansion by end of 2017 or early 2018.
"We have sufficient land for moving ahead with the plant expansion and raw material is not an issue at all there," he said.
JSPL foresees a tremendous surge in demand for iron and steel in the gulf markets on huge infrastructure spending. It is now producing billets and rounds at the Oman facility and on course to set up 1.6 mtpa rebar mill, which was expected to be commissioned by September-October next year.
JSPL today signed financial closure of $725 million syndicated term loan facility. It was oversubscribed with commitments in excess of $855 million. Bank Muscat with a consortium of 11 banks arranged the facility for Shadeed Iron and Steel. Naveen Jindal was also present in the occasion.
Abdul Razak Ali Issa, Chief Executive, Bank Muscat said: "Oman has always facilitated a conducive environment for several overseas investors, including Indian investors, to set up projects in the country and this has played a pivotal role in helping Oman to achieve its Vision 2020 of diversifying from oil as a major source of income to other allied activities such as metals, downstream oil and gas etc.
"Going forward, we anticipate there would be many such projects being set up by Indian corporates in Oman."
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 16:34 (IST)

Matter health-tech incubator announces its first 10 companies0
Collens said Matter won’t take an equity stake in member companies. The nonprofit organization received a $2.5 million state grant and a $1.5 million state loan, and Collens said it soon will announce additional funding from industry and corporate partners.
Companies that don’t make progress toward growth will be asked to leave, he said.
Companies will pay monthly rent scaled to their needs. The top rate of $450 per month offers a dedicated desk with locked drawers. The middle rate of $300 gives unlimited access to the work space, including all public work areas, plus conference rooms and event spaces. The lowest rate of $150 per month provides “nights and weekends” access.
Collens said he’s unsure how many companies Matter will incubate. The space can accommodate 150 to 200 people, he said, and the first 10 companies include one to 10 employees.
Here is a look at the first 10 member companies:
Altathera Pharmaceuticals (BioPharma): A commercial-stage specialty pharmaceutical company focused on critical care and alternative therapeutics for patients with rare, life-threatening diseases.
CareTree (HealthIT): A centralized, secure health record on which patients, caregivers, families or providers create a patient profile and invite others to access it. 
CancerIQ (HealthIT): Provides data analytics to empower everyday providers with the tools and knowledge to deliver cancer risk assessment, prevention and genetically informed treatment.
Coeus Health (HealthIT): Aims to bring clinically proven content and evidence-based solutions to the digital weight-management market. 
ProVazo (Device): Creator of a minimally invasive intravenous blood sampling system. 
Qualia Health (HealthIT): Building an adaptive software platform that enables healthcare providers to deliver personalized care plans between visits with the patient.
Regroup Therapy (HealthIT): Working to eradicate mental health shortage areas across Illinois and the U.S. through virtual staffing, cutting edge provision of care and delivery of key data and analytics to stakeholders. 
Resonance Medical (Device): Works with academia and industry to act as a conduit for the development and commercialization of innovative hearing therapies. Lead product gives cochlear implants improved battery life and clarity.
Sparrow Pharmaceuticals (Bio/Pharma): Plans to acquire and develop clinical-stage drug candidates that were de-prioritized for strategic - not clinical or scientific - reasons, then partner promising assets to complete development and commercialize the products.
TeleHealth Robotics (Device): Integrates remotely controllable robotics and telepresence technology to make heart procedures safer and cheaper.

Social media: Martha Cotton  Gravity TankSocial media: Martha Cotton, Gravity Tank
Social media: Martha Cotton, Gravity Tank
Martha Cotton, partner at Gravity Tank, on the importance of building a social media strategy into one's business.
Martha Cotton, partner at Gravity Tank, on the importance of building a social media strategy into one's business.

What fantasy football can teach you about hiring for your startupWhat fantasy football can teach you about hiring for your startup
Fantasy football
Fantasy Sports Fantasy Football Games Football
When hiring, you should be looking for people with strengths that complement the weaknesses of the team.
My startup, Speek, raised our Series A funding in March, and we've had to grow rapidly since. Our product and engineering teams redesigned our in-call experience and launched screen share for our Pro and Business users. In the meantime, I've been putting together a strong team to launch our new conference calling service, Speek for Business.
8
You need more than one type of player to ensure your success. While drafting for my fantasy football league this year, I realized that there are similarities between the strategic approach of putting together a strong fantasy team and evaluating applicants for a successful startup.
Great resumes don't always matter
Every player in fantasy football has statistics that break down the player's previous performance and can be used to rank against other players for specific positions. Just because a player has had great stats for the past year or two, doesn't mean that he will perform well.
0
A great receiver on a team with an injured quarterback will probably not do well that season, but you wouldn't be able to see this just from the statistics. Fantasy football fanatics will tell you to look past the stats and do your due diligence.
Startups don't hire people based solely on their resumes. The “stats” from resumes gives useful information about the candidate's professional experience, but it doesn't give the full picture. Not everyone is cut out for the startup work environment, and most importantly your startup's culture. Work hours and responsibilities can change rapidly as the startup grows, which means people have to be very comfortable in a flexible (and sometimes chaotic) work environment.
Focus on asking the important questions during the interview. If you're still not sure, then it's time to call and question the references. Work ethic, ambition, drive and flexibility are all crucial factors of a strong candidate for a growing startup.
Hire for the position
In fantasy football, you're looking to hire top players who specialize in specific positions on the team: quarterback, running backs, wide receivers, etc. This translates well to hiring for a startup. When hiring, you should be looking for people with strengths that complement the weaknesses of the team. Just because you're doing a little bit of everything doesn't mean you should surround yourself with people doing the same.
Furthermore, if you have too many people who are jack-of-all-trades types, you'll be facing a situation where your team doesn't have any strengths in any specific areas. So before you think of hiring a salesperson who can also handle the accounting, you should take a step back and consider if the budget allows you to hire two people instead. You want to get the most value from each position.
Look for the people on the rise (aka sleepers)
Just because you have the best player on your team doesn't mean that you'll win the league. For every celebrity football player with a multimillion-dollar contract, there is a line of hungry players who have the skills, drive and ambition to prove that they are top-tier. While most people tend to focus on getting the top players for their team, fantasy football veterans are strategically looking for “sleepers” who will take their team to victory.
So look past the resume and hire for the team. Hiring an expert at the expense of your team can derail your chance at victory. Focus on hiring people who have the talent, drive and ambition to take their skills to the next level.
A startup consisting of over-performing and talented members can be contagious, and increase your chance of making it to the winner's circle.
Danny Boice is the cofounder & president of Speek.

Wall Street firm ahead of Fed meetingWall Street firm ahead of Fed meeting
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e67e802-5e47-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It s Snapdeal vs Flipkart vs Amazon  but watch out for Relianceprint
When a four-year-old toddler attracts big money, it is because there is more growth ahead.
The decision of Japanese Internet baron Masayoshi Son’s Softbank to invest $627 million (about R 3,850 crore) in Indian e-commerce firm Snapdeal was expected in the market. Considering that the startup was born only in 2010, it is a big-big vote for founder CEO Kunal Bahl, but a lot has to do with the timing – and convergence of circumstances.
Softbank is sitting on 32% stakes in Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce firm, and that is currently worth $80 billion (well over ten times its investment in Snapdeal).
India is now a market that e-commerce players will avoid at their own peril – even if it is full of pitfalls.
With more than 900 million mobile phone connections, of which only about 150 million are smartphones, India’s  mobile Internet market is about to explode. As the China’s demographic surge matures, Alibaba is peaking.  And a smart investor (which Son is), will know how to shift cash between investment options. Toddlers grow faster, right?
Consider this. Industry analyst Gartner Inc said earlier this month that India’s merchandise e-commerce market will reach $6 billion in 2015, a huge 70% jump over 2014. Son told Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday that he expects e-commerce to reach $500 billion in the next 10 years, probably including travel services. Son, whose smart call in Alibaba involved only $20 million, does not want to miss the bus –and even more so because the other balding Internet genius with the Midas touch, Jeff Bezos, is already here with the Amazon online marketplace.
Ebay is already an investor in Snapdeal, in which Softbank’s stake size is not known yet.
Snapdeal, which already has a strong mobile user base, can be expected to gain from Softbank’s strong expertise in mobile telephony – and will be strengthened by board membership for Softbank vice-chairman Nikesh Arora, who joined from Google this year. Arora is a seasoned mobile telecom industry veteran.
Snadeal’s 25 million users and 50,000 sellers on its platform, give it a headstart but nothing will be easy.
In India, foreign direct investment (FDI) in e-commerce is taboo as yet, and online marketplaces as technology platforms have their limitations. Technology is also not an esoteric thing for Indians. Entrenched incumbent Flipkart has an army of engineers creating cutting-edge technologies for e-commerce.
Bangalore-based Flipkart raised $ 1 billion from a clutch of investors including Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund this year.
Amazon has faced regulatory problems but Softbank may gain from the fact that its portfolio investor keeps Snapdeal as a local firm that can power up to take on Flipkart.
Worldly-wise Amazon is edging closer to Big Bazaar owner Future group led by Kishore Biyani, with whom it announced a partnership recently.
But all of them will have to contend with the fourth angle of the triangle – Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries  Ltd (RIL) and its affiliate, Reliance Jio. With media conglomerate Network 18 under its wings and 4G services set to start next year, RIL also has a strong offline base in Reliance Retail. The combined power of all this will be visible as the market begins to explode.
Any game that has masterly minds like Masayoshi Son, Jeff Bezos and Sachin Bansal take on the mighty Mukesh Ambani should be an interesting game. As they say, watch this space.

Other sports can learn from cricket and vice versa: DravidPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 6:42 pm
Batting on a different wicket as member of the Target Olympic Podium Scheme (TOP) initiated by the Ministry of Sports to increase India’s medal tally, former captain Rahul Dravid said that Olympic sports can learn a lot from cricket and vice versa.
“Sport is sport and performance at elite level is performance at elite level. There is a lot that cricket can learn from performances of other athletes. There is lot of sharing of knowledge. There is lot that other sports can learn from cricket. It’s not generally about specific lessons. I think specific lessons in specific sports are sometimes unique to each sport,” said Dravid after attending a meeting at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) center, in New Delhi on Tuesday.
Part of the eight-member team of elite sports-persons to identify and help prospective medal winners from across India for the 2016 and 2020 Olympics, Dravid expressed surprise at being part of the elite group including MC Mary Kom, Pullela Gopichand, Anju Bobby George and Abhinav Bindra but is optimistic about Indian sport moving in the right direction.
“I have been involved in an international sport for so long and I guess have an idea of what it takes for international athletes to be successful. I am not sure why I was invited on the committee but it’s the kind of opinion that they want. I obviously am not going to comment on shooters or badminton players or athletes. For that we have Abhinav, Gopi and Anju with much more knowledge,” said the only non-Olympic sportsman in the panel.
“There is no doubt that things are improving in Indian sport even outside of cricket. We are getting a lot more medals at the international level and at the Olympics. So this is a great initiative. It supports the top athletes and that’s how it’s done all over the world and an elite athlete needs lot of support to compete at that level against the best players of the world,” added India’s top batsman.
Running the show as chairman of the programme, BJP MP and Indian Olympic Association vice-president Anurag Thakur thanked the ministry for the putting the scheme under National Sports Development Fund (NSDF).
“I think it’s a good idea. We had a very successful first meeting where we looked at the names. And also looked at the system, which needs to be adopted of how to train the trainers as well as implement the scheme successfully and also bring in a lot of transparency and accountability into the system, so that we can increase our medal tally in the coming time,” said Thakur.
Thakur, who is also the president of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association, is keen to bridge the communication gap between the ministry and various federations for the best interest of sport in India.
“We are trying to rope in federations, government as well as the experts. To take their feedback and to work in a system which can be implemented successfully. To help them get the best of training and to make the facilities available to them, so that they can perform well at the international level. And there are always some gaps like coordination problems between the ministry and federations. We will try and work on that, so that in the coming continued…

Germany dominate controversial Ballon d Or listLast year's winner Cristiano Ronaldo was duly named along with Argentina forward Lionel Messi. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Berne | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:14 pm
Germany dominated the FIFA Player of the Year shortlist, with six nominees among the 23 candidates announced on Tuesday, while the 10-man coaching shortlist was full of anomalies and controversy.
Juergen Klinsmann was included among the coaches after leading United States to the last 16 of the World Cup but Jorge Luis Pinto and Jose Pekerman, who took Costa Rica and Colombia respectively to the quarter-finals, were overlooked.
Jorge Sampaoli, whose hugely entertaining Chile side knocked out defending champions Spain on their way to the last sixteen, and Vahid Halilhodzic, who took an inspirational Algeria to the knockout stages, were also ignored.
On the other hand, there was room for Bayern Munich’s Pep Guardiola, even though his team’s most important match of the year, a Champions League semi-final at home to Real Madrid, ended in a 4-0 defeat.
Almost inevitably, Chelsea’s Jose Mourinho also sneaked in despite failing to land a trophy on his return to Stamford Bridge.
The players’ list showed similar anomalies and appeared to be based more on European club football than FIFA’s flagship tournament.
Manuel Neuer, Thomas Mueller, Toni Kroos, Mario Goetze, Philipp Lahm and Bastian Schweinsteiger were six players from world champions Germany to be included and beaten finalists Argentina had three, Lionel Messi, Angel Di Maria and Javier Mascherano.
Last year’s winner Cristiano Ronaldo was duly named along with his Real Madrid team mates Gareth Bale (Wales) and James Rodriguez (Colombia).
Manchester City and Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure was the only African player short-listed, Neymar was Brazil’s sole representative, and there were none at all from CONCACAF region or Asia.
Notable absentees included United States goalkeeper Tim Howard and Costa Rica stopper Keylor Navas, both outstanding in Brazil, and Costa Rica defender Giancarlo Gonzalez, who many critics saw as one of the tournament’s most influential players.
FIFA, who organise the award jointly with France Football, said the final three candidates for both awards, officially known as the Ballon d’Or, would be announced on Dec 1 with the award ceremony in Zurich on Jan 12.
“The list of 23 male candidates has been drawn up by football experts from the FIFA Football Committee and by a group of experts from France Football,” FIFA said.
“The list of ten coaches has been drawn up by the committee for Women’s Football and FIFA Women’s World Cup and by the FIFA Football Committee, as well as by a group of experts from France Football.”
Player of the Year shortlist: Mario Goetze (Germany) Toni Kroos (Germany) Philipp Lahm (Germany) Thomas Mueller (Germany) Manuel Neuer (Germany) Bastian Schweinsteiger (Germany) Angel Di Maria (Argentina) Javier Mascherano (Argentina) Lionel Messi (Argentina) Andres Iniesta (Spain) Sergio Ramos (Spain) Diego Costa (Spain) Karim Benzema (France) Paul Pogba (France) Gareth Bale (Wales) Eden Hazard (Belgium) Thibaut Courtois (Belgium) Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal) Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Sweden) Neymar continued…

Ranbaxy Still Has Exclusive Rights for Nexium Generic: CEOAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai: Ranbaxy Laboratories still has exclusive rights to the launch of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium in the United States, it said on Tuesday, despite regulatory concern over the manufacturing process.
Ranbaxy was the first to seek approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to sell a cheaper copy of Nexium, gaining exclusive rights to sell it for six months after patent expiry.
However, doubts about Ranbaxy's ability to launch the drug grew after the US health regulator in January prohibited it from shipping to the United States any pharmaceutical ingredient made at its Toansa plant in India, citing quality control issues.
"We believe we have the (Nexium) exclusivity and we will launch the product upon approval," Ranbaxy chief executive Arun Sawhney said on a post-earnings call with analysts on Tuesday, though he refused to elaborate on when that might be when pressed for more detail.
Sources told Reuters in March that Ranbaxy was in talks with at least two other companies on sourcing the drug ingredient required to manufacture the Nexium copy.
Nexium achieved global sales of $3.87 billion last year, $2.12 billion of which came from the United States, and analysts have said that any delay in the launch of a generic copy would be hugely beneficial for Britain's AstraZeneca.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Taco Bell  fast-food rivals push toward mobile orderingTaco Bell goes dark on social media before debuting mobile app
Taco Bell
Larry Downing
A Taco Bell logo is seen outside one of its restaurant in Vienna, Va.
A Taco Bell logo is seen outside one of its restaurant in Vienna, Va. (Larry Downing)
Reuters
Media Industry
You can now order Taco Bell with an app.
Taco Bell on Tuesday debuted its mobile app that allows customers to place an order, customize their food, access special offers and pay from their phones.
The move from the chain owned by Yum Brands Inc. comes as restaurants, including McDonald's Corp and, seek to use mobile technology to ring up more sales and speed up service.
"We believe mobile ordering and payment is the biggest innovation since the drive-thru," Taco Bell President Brian Niccol said in a statement.

SoftBank picks up stake in Snapdeal  OlaSoftBank picks up stake in Snapdeal, Ola
Our Bureau
$627-m investment in Snapdeal is the largest in an e-commerce company
New Delhi, October 28:  
Japanese communications services firm SoftBank has picked up stakes in two Indian companies — Snapdeal and Ola — in a bid to ride the wave in the Internet services segment.
SoftBank has picked a majority stake in e-commerce site Snapdeal for $627 million, making it the largest investment by a single investor in an e-commerce company in India. Ola received $210 million from a clutch of investors led by the Japanese company.
The exact size of the stake bought by SoftBank and the other investors in the two companies was not disclosed. The fresh round of funding will enable both Indian companies to play a bigger role in the burgeoning but highly competitive online services space.
The additional investment, along with SoftBank’s technological expertise, will help Snapdeal compete with market leaders Amazon and Flipkart. Snapdeal has so far lagged behind the two but the SoftBank investment means that the New Delhi-based online firm has now raised closed to $1 billion this calendar year.
Ramping up tech
Kunal Bahl, Co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, said the money will be used to ramp up its technology and supply chain management for faster delivery of services. For example, it will have 100 fulfilment centres across 30 cities compared to 40 centres in 15 cities now. Fulfilment centres are large warehouses from where products are shipped to consumers.
In addition, the company will open innovation centres across the country, including Hyderabad and Pune, where 1,000 engineers will be hired to develop efficient processes.
Eye on buys
The company will seek to make 3-4 strategic acquisitions in the coming months, specifically in the area of mobile technology. Also in the works is an incubation centre to hone and harness start-up businesses in the mobile technology space.
For Ola, the partnership with Softbank will help provide some response to Uber’s growing popularity in the online car-for-hire market.
Speaking to BusinessLine, Ola founder Bhavish Agarwal said: “We are investing in getting into more and more cities. We are present in six cities at the moment and by the end of December 2015, we are targeting to launch our services in about 100 Indian cities.”
With these investments, SoftBank gets a stronger foothold in India. It had earlier picked up a stake in instant messaging firm Hike and mobile advertising platform InMobi.
“India has the third-largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market. This situation means India has — with better, faster and cheaper Internet access — big growth potential. SoftBank is contributing to the development of the infrastructure for the digital future of India,” said Nikesh Arora, Vice-Chairman of SoftBankCorp and CEO of SoftBank Internet and Media.
Arora, who recently moved from Google to SoftBank, will be on the boards of Snapdeal and Ola. On Monday, SoftBank announced that it would invest $10 billion in India over the next few years.
Analysts said that the transactions reaffirm the confidence of global Investors in the Indian e-commerce space. Siddhartha Nigam, Partner, Mergers & Acquisitions, Grant Thornton India LLP, said: “ Given the pedigree of SoftBank as an investor, their contribution to the success of Alibaba and their experience of building digital businesses, this is the most “strategic” investment in the sector to date.”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Black buck case: Witness identifies Sonali  Neelam  TabuBy: Press Trust of India | Jodhpur | Posted: October 28, 2014 10:20 pm
A prosecution witness on Tuesday identified actresses Sonali Bendre, Neelam and Tabu in the 16-year-old black buck poaching case which allegedly took place in Kankani village near here.
Apart from the trio, Salman Khan and Saif Ali Khan are also accused in the poaching case of two black bucks, which allegedly took place on the intervening night of October 1-2, 1998.
Assistant Public Prosecutor Praveen Verma said witness Sheraram identified the actresses in the court, adding he had been living close to the spot, where the poaching took place.
“Sheraram, who was sleeping on the roof of his house, came down and followed the vehicle being driven by Salman Khan with a neighbour Mangilal on hearing the noise of the neighbours and gun shots,” said Verma.
According to Verma, Sheraram deposed before the court that when the vehicle took a turn and came back towards him, he tried to stop it but it did not.
“He told the court that it was then when he saw Salman Khan driving the vehicle with Saif Ali Khan sitting in the front seat and the three actresses sitting behind with them,” said Verma.
The cross examination of the witness by the counsels of the three actresses was completed on Tuesday.
Chief Judicial Magistrate (rural) Anupama Bijlanai ordered that the hearing will continue tomorrow.
Another witness Mangilal would also appear tomorrow. He had accompanied Sheraram in chasing the vehicle.
Sonali and Tabu had appeared earlier in the court in February last year for the identification by first prosecution witness Poonaram.
But he did not recognise any of them then. So far 10 prosecution witnesses have been produced in the court for cross examination in relation to the poaching of the two black bucks.

Elano Blumer  John Mendoza show sinks Mumbai City FCBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 28, 2014 10:32 pm
Chennaiyin FC marquee player Elano Blumer and John Mendoza fired two goals each to steamroll a hapless Mumbai FC 5-1 and bounce back from their previous match defeat in the Hero Indian Super League in Chennai on Tuesday.
Brazilian Elano, with his two goals (ninth and 69th minutes) on Tuesday, became the highest goal scorer in the ISL and was adjudged the hero of the match, while Colombian Mendoza scored the third and fourth goals (40th and 44th). In between, Indian striker Jeje Lalpekhlua netted the second goal for Chennaiyin FC in the 26th minute.
For Mumbai, Syed Rahim Nabi scored the consolation goal in the 87th minute following a corner kick. In fact, Elano, who found the target from the penalty spot and from a free kick, could have scored on two other occasions also.
Chennaiyin FC manager-cum-player and 2006 World Cup winner Marco Materrazi took the field for the first time in the ISL and the home side controlled for most part of the match against the visitors who has lost their previous match at home at the hands of NorthEast United FC.
With Materrazi coming out to the huge delight of the Chennai fans, the home side showed better co-ordination and cohesion in both attack and defence than against Delhi Dynamos who had thrashed them 4-1 in their previous match at the national capital.
Indian cricket captain and co-owner of Chennaiyin FC, Mahendra Singh Dhoni was seen celebrating at each goal scored by his team.
Former France and Chelsea star Nicholas Anelka’s presence did not bring any change on the fortunes of the Mumbai side who have now lost three matches out of the four they have played so far.
Anelka was playing for the first time for Mumbai City FC as he was serving a five-match ban by Football Association in England for quenelle gesture in December while playing for West Bromwich Albion in the English Premier League.
With Materrazi deciding to take the field and manning the central defence, there was total transformation in the attitude of the home players who got the gaps at the Mumbai FC defence.
Throughout the first half, Mumbai players lacked the thrust at the midfield and the defenders played high upfront so often that they let a lot of space on the field between goalkeeper Subrata Paul and midfield.
The home side apparently noticed this and changed their strategy to apply pressure on the wings to find the openings.
Elano and Mendoza combined beautifully. Mendoza will hold onto the ball to move on the centre or snatch from the legs of Mumbai midfield and sped down the wings, mostly on the right.
Whenever he was tackled by the defenders, Elano would be the trump card to take the free-kick and Materrazi, who was substituted in the 58th minute by Bojan Djordjic, to go upfront to try and get the chance to score. This worked well for the home side.
Chennaiyin FC play Atletico de Kolkata in their next game at home on on November 4.

On greener side but it will be usual Kotla wicket: ChawlaPrint
South Zone's Pragyan Ojha and Robin Uthappa during a practice session ahead of their Duleep Trophy final against Central Zone at Feroz Shah Kotla in New Delhi on Tuesday. (Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Written by Sahil Malhotra | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:58 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 5:01 pm
The Feroz Shah Kotla stadium in New Delhi always springs a surprise or two. Ahead of the Duleep Trophy final between Central and South Zone, the greenish look to the surface, where the ball was hardly coming on to the bat during the last ODI played, has forced both camps to put the thinking hat on.
Even before the India-West Indies ODI, the various U-19 practice matches played on the strip offered very little assistance to the bowlers and remained low for most of the duration. Ankit Dutta, the young new curator at the DDCA, has spiced up the track with some grass on top but ground staff hints at a possible shave before the game.
Central skipper Piyush Chawla, when asked about the surface and the possible combination, felt it will behave like a usual Kotla wicket but the grass can affect their combinations.
“Looks like a good wicket. Little bit on the greener side. Will not be that easy. Hope to get a good match out of it. There will be something for during the initial hours, after that it will be an usual Kotla wicket.
“Looking at the wicket, it will be the normal 6-3-2 combination. But I was talking to the ground staff and they were saying that they might take the grass off. So if they shave, we will take a call in the morning,” says Chawla.
It has been a contrasting road to the final for both teams. While South relied on some quality seam bowling in helpful conditions against East Zone at Lahli, it was Central’s batting which helped them seal the final berth. Even without regular performers Stuart Binny and Karun Nair, both who are on India ‘A’ duty, South look a much better side, at least on paper. Aware about the challenge which awaits them, Chawla feels they need to play really good cricket against the South unit.
“They are good side with some really experienced players in their squad. We need to play really good cricket to give them a good fight and hope to come out victorious,” says the leggie.
If South are missing their star performers, Central too will miss the services of the spin duo of Kuldeep Yadav and Karn Sharma, both on India ‘A’ duty. Yadav and Sharma combined well in the game against North, and took three and two wickets respectively. Chawla, though, is not reading too much into the missing names and feels the bench strength will come good.
“They both (Karn and Kuldeep) are good cricketers and bowled well in the last game continued…

Having fallen off radar  Mukund says the only way is upPrint
Four seasons ago, Mukund was drafted into the Test squad when Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir missed the tour to the West Indies following injuries. (Source: AP)
Written by Nihal Koshie | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 1:44 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 11:18 am
While watching South Zone train ahead of their Duleep Trophy final, one can overlook the presence of Abhinav Mukund because of his teammates. In the same frame at the Kotla are Dinesh Karthik and Robin Uthappa, both wicketkeeper batsmen and attractive stroke-makers, who are regulars in their respective IPL teams.
The latter is the talking point, ahead of the final to be played from Wednesday, following his patient 120 off 196 balls in the semifinal against East Zone. Uthappa, opening the innings, batted for 320 minutes at the Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium in Lahli, where conditions are more challenging than most cricket venues in the country. Mukund had built his reputation as a dependable opening batsman by producing similar knocks consistently.
Mukund watched the semifinal at Lahli from the sidelines as the in-form Lokesh Rahul combined with Uthappa at the top. During two underwhelming Ranji Trophy seasons, Mukund managed to stay relevant with a marathon 702 minute 240 versus Saurashtra in November but a total of 475 runs in 2013-14 and 320 in the previous season resulted in the opener falling off the selectors’s radar.
Four seasons ago, Mukund was drafted into the Test squad when Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir missed the tour to the West Indies following injuries. He played five Tests, all abroad — in the Caribbean and England — opened with three different partners and looked the part when he followed up his 48 at Bridgetown with 62 at Roseau and 49 at Lord’s. Subsequently, he had to make way for the return of the Sehwag-Gambhir combination and the second Test at Trent Bridge was to be his last.
Earlier this year, Mukund was at Nottingham when India were touring England but he was just dropping in to catch up with friends. Disappointed at being dropped from the Tamil Nadu one-day team and keen to rediscover his touch in first-class cricket, Mukund turned professional for the first time in his career and turned out for Loughborough Town Cricket Club, a team in the Leicestershire Premier League.
“I wanted to look at my career from a different point of view and made a fresh start by playing in England. I wanted to clear my mind and meet new people, get new ideas and be in a positive frame of mind at the start of season I never doubted my ability, but I just wanted some time off and hence went to a different place. It was about facing a different kind of ball and playing in different weather conditions than what I would have faced in Chennai.”
The 24-year-old scored two centuries and three fifties and registered an average in the mid fifties. “The benefits of playing in England showed. I have had a good pre-season so far. I was man of the tournament in continued…

Values-based leadershipTom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, discusses values-based leadership. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, discusses values-based leadership. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)

Drones keep a watch over riot-hit Trilokpuri  bottles  knives seizedComments
Drones kept an eye on violence-hit Trilokpuri on Tuesday as hundreds of police personnel marched through the byways of the east Delhi colony where over 70 people were injured in last week’s communal clashes. 
Brickbats are seen at a road in Trilokpuri, a day after communal clashes in the area. (PTI Photo)
The unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) were used for the first time to monitor a communally-sensitive area in the city, though Delhi Police tested them while providing security at Ramlila and Durga Puja venues this month. 
“We could spot the houses which were burnt down during attacks. To ensure that no weapons were hidden under the debris, we scanned the spots with the drones and asked the homeowners to clear these areas,” said Sanjay Baniwal, joint commissioner of police (east).
The technology came as a big help to officials as they did not have to get warrants to search the houses, sources said.
Read: Uneasy calm amid allegations of cover-up
“In a post-riot situation, randomly breaking into houses for inspection can do more harm than good. This surveillance mechanism helped us avoid violent repercussions,” Baniwal added.
The UAVs helped Delhi Police officials locate about 70 bags full of bricks, possibly brought in to cause further damage to shops and vehicles, from the eight blocks of the colony worst affected by the clashes.
Three bags packed with glass bottles, 30 knives and five swords were also spotted by the drones, leading to five people being arrested on Tuesday.
“Though an initial search by a drone had revealed the presence of such weapons, we understood that people had stocked them due to mutual suspicion. Bearing this in mind, we had made several announcements, and people complied as many of them left bricks and stones on the streets which were quickly removed,” Baniwal said.
Delhi Police officials have asked Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) to provide them another drone following Tuesday’s success, sources said.

Abe Lincoln s home gets an energy upgrade"It was a real honor to be able to work there," said Patrick, who was the project co-manager with Steve Huddle. "To work in Abe Lincoln's home, that was something."
The job involved replacing a 25-year-old system.
"It was pretty old and it was failing in the summertime," said Sheryle Lindley, chief of maintenance for the Lincoln Home National Historic Site. "It was time for replacement."
In many respects, it was a routine job. The bid for the work was put out by the National Park Service's regional contracting office, and Henson Robinson won the contract. But the company needed a hand-selected crew that would be "inordinately careful" with an energy-efficiency project that would help maintain the integrity of Lincoln's home, Patrick said.
The company installed a Carrier central station air-handling unit with electric heat in the basement and air-cooled chiller outside. Two dehumidifiers were added as well, a feature the old system lacked. Existing ductwork was in good condition and didn't need to be replaced. The retrofitting was done in April and May, and the final control devices were added in June. Cost of the project was about $150,000, plus controls.
Typically two sheet-metal workers and two pipe fitters were on the job with an extra crew member on days the work called for it. A safety officer also was on site.
Patrick's company is no stranger to historic work. It has worked on Lincoln's Tomb, the Capitol dome and the Dana-Thomas House in Springfield. The restored home of its founder, Henson Robinson, is three doors south of Lincoln's.
But with this being the home of the 16th president, which drew some 206,000 visitors in the past year, special steps were required.
As part of the project, cooling pipes installed 25 years ago were replaced with more energy-efficient ones. An architect was brought in to monitor the digging in case any artifacts turned up. But none did.
"The only (possible problem) we anticipated was if the excavator turned something up they didn't know about," Patrick said. "How cool would that have been, maybe something Abe threw out the window. It's good in a way nothing was found; 25 years ago they did a good job. But it would have been nice to find something they didn't know was there."
The house also had to remain open while work was in progress.
"(Workers) weren't allowed upstairs in the home. Everything was done in the basement," Lindley said. "They had to take a fence down to dig the trench, pour new concrete pads for the condensing unit."
Work areas were taped off for safety reasons, and tours came through the house undisturbed.
"Visitors shouldn't notice anything," Lindley said. "The house is nice and well kept, and it's cool and comfortable when they go through."

State Supreme Court Justice Retires After Porn Scandalreddit
Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice Seamus McCaffery announced his retirement Monday, following a porn email scandal that included himself and employees of the state attorney general's office.
The Philadelphia Daily News reported McCaffery sent a letter to Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett stating his intention to retire. The state Supreme Court confirmed his resignation to the Daily News.
WPVI reports a judicial ethics board would drop its investigation of McCaffery as a result of his resignation, and said McCaffery also agreed not to seek senior judge status or seek elective judicial office again.
McCaffery's colleagues voted 4-1 to suspend him last week.
On Oct. 16, Pennsylvania Chief Justice Ron Castille revealed a review that showed McCaffery sent or received 234 emails with sexually explicit material or pornography, according to the AP. McCaffery apologized for the emails, but said that as a former Marine and police officer, "coarse language and crude jokes" were part of his life.
"I want to reiterate my apology for my lapse in judgment with respect to the offensive emails, personal emails that were made public by the outgoing chief justice," McCaffery said. "It was wrong, and I am sorry."
Also on HuffPost:

Too Many Smartphone Users Taking Dumb Selfies With BearsA black bear successfully hunts Kokanee salmon in Taylor Creek near South Lake Tahoe, California (2008 file photo).
Most of us are familiar with the warning "Please don't feed the bears."
Maybe it's time for a new one: "Please don't take selfies with the bears or they might feed on you."
The Forest Service has asked visitors hungry for photos and videos in South Lake Tahoe, California, to give the bears some space for the safety of both tourist and beast.
“Bears are unpredictable, wild animals and may attack if threatened,” Forest Supervisor Nancy Gibson said in a statement.  “We can’t have visitors creating dangerous situations for themselves and others.  People are risking serious injury or death if they get too close to a bear.”
If the human encroachment continues, the Forest Service said it would close the area.
"Approaching bears too closely is also putting bears at risk, since bears may be captured and killed if they attack," the agency reminded overzealous shutterbugs,
The Reno Gazette-Journal pointed out that the spate of emboldened hikers has coincided with the October spawning run of the Kokanee salmon , which lures bears to the area's Taylor Creek. And that has smartphone users pulling some dumb stunts.
"We've had mobs of people that are actually rushing toward the bears trying to get a 'selfie' photo," Lisa Herron, spokesperson for the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit, told the paper.
One bear rushed a group but no injuries were reported, the Gazette-Journal wrote. Officials would like to keep it that way.
But according to one recent visitor, the problem is out of control, and park officials haven't been policing the area sufficiently. “There were like 30 people taking pictures of themselves with the bears,” Manut Buapet told ABC News. “I was concerned. You never know what’s going to happen with bears, but people just stuck around.”
It's a good idea to avoid areas where you know bears might turn up. But in case you do come across one, here's a primer on how to handle the situation .

BJP will hold pole position in the medium term‘BJP will hold pole position in the medium term’
Our Bureau
That would be at Congress’ expense, says analyst-politician Yogendra Yadav
Mumbai, October 28:  
AAP spokesperson Yogendra Yadav said on Tuesday the BJP is likely to dominate the political spectrum in the medium term. This will mostly come at the expense of the Congress, he said.
“The Congress is likely to shrink further in the middle term, say the next three to five years. This could trigger a major re-alignment in Indian politics, with the BJP taking the pole position,” the political-analyst-turned-politician said at interaction with the media here.
The Lok Sabha and the recently concluded State Assembly election results were a landmark in Indian politics despite the relatively low overall vote share of the BJP.
Explaining the conditions that led to the rise of the BJP, Yadav said it has been observed that every political party has a honeymoon period of about three years after which its descent begins, but in the case of the UPA, the onset of honeymoon was delayed due to its unexpected win in 2004.
Just after the UPA-II assumed power in 2009, its descent began and the fall continued as a result of the anti-corruption movement. This provided an ideal platform for the BJP to take centre-stage, he added.
Three anxieties
Explaining the BJP victory, the AAP leader pinned it down to three key “anxieties”.
There was a widespread feeling that the country needed a strong leader, needed growth and development “at all costs” and the overwhelming feeling among the majority community to assert themselves. “Such anxieties and the astute political machinery led by Amit Shah brought victory to the BJP.”
He also predicted that there will be some space for alternative political parties that could emerge at the expense of the Congress.
This alternative party, Yadav said, will have to turn to the idea of a democratic and secular India.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Devendra Fadnavis: An orator and a sound thinkerHis ability to reason, and his pedigree, have helped Fadnavis’ ascent
Mumbai, October 28:  
In January 2012, the Central Pollution Control Board had drawn up plans to incinerate in Maharashtra, toxic waste from Union Carbide's Bhopal plant. They were considering either to dispose of the waste at the DRDO facility in Nagpur or the hazardous waste facility at Taloja, near Mumbai.
The decision led to a massive uproar in the Maharashtra Assembly. Hours of raucous discussion followed, but when MLA Devendra Fadnavis started to speak against the incineration of the waste in Maharashtra, there was absolute silence on the floor of the house.
His arguments were sound, backed by insights and built on solid logic and facts. After he finished his long speech, he was soundly complimented by several ruling party members.
Fadnavis has repeated this performance on several other occasions in the Maharashtra Assembly.
The 44-year old Fadnavis, an author of five books, has worked closely with the party’s youth wing since his college days. He became a councillor in Nagpur municipality in 1992, and by 1997, had become the youngest mayor of the city. With that he stared his pubic life, and has managed to become MLA four times from Nagpur.
Fadnavis, a Brahmin, has years of field work experience as an RSS volunteer. His father, Gangadharrao Gadgil, was a senior Jan Sangh leader, and later a BJP Member of Legislative Council (MLC). His aunt, Shobha Fadnavis, was a Cabinet Minister in the Shiv Sena-BJP government.
His pedigree, RSS affiliations and Nagpur roots have all worked in his favour, and would soon help him become the Chief Executive of the country’s most prosperous and industrially advanced State.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

For Fadnavis  Maharashtra CM post is reward for loyaltyFor Fadnavis, Maharashtra CM post is reward for loyalty
Our Bureau
Jubilant Maharashtra’s CM-elect Devendra Fadnavis with his supporters at the Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai on Tuesday. PAUL NORONHA
Mumbai, October 28:  
On Tuesday, Devendra Fadnavis, a four-term BJP legislator and RSS worker, was elected as the leader of the BJP Maharashtra Legislative Assembly. On Friday, he will become the State’s first BJP Chief Minister. A landmark event in the history of the BJP, the party has staked claim for the first time in the State.
Between 1995 and 1999, though the BJP tasted power in Maharashtra, it was a junior partner to the Shiv Sena, which had a greater number of seats.
In those four years, the BJP had a marginal say in the process of governance. However, today, with 121 MLAs, the party needs only 23 MLAs from the Shiv Sena to form a stable Government in the State.
On Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will preside over a swearing in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium for Fadnavis and nine Cabinet ministers. At 44, Fadnavis would be Maharashtra's second youngest Chief Minister, after Sharad Pawar, who occupied the chair at 38. Sources indicated that though Fadnavis has always been the party favourite given his RSS background, Eknath Khadse, a veteran leader from northern Maharashtra with over 20 years of legislative experience, was also aspiring for the top job.
A party source said that though Khadse was miffed by Fadnavis’ selection, being a loyal party worker he would follow the orders from Delhi.
He is likely to be awarded a plum post in the new Cabinet.
“There are many people in the Maharashtra BJP who are capable of taking responsibility of the chief minister’s position, and yet the party chose me,” Fadnavis told media persons after emerging from a meeting with party MLAs.
Political analyst Nagesh Kesari told BusinessLine that with the BJP agreeing to share power with the Shiv Sena, the State would get a stable government.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Importance of systems in grooming talentsUpdated: November 20, 2014 15:04 IST
Importance of systems in grooming talents
Makarand Waingankar
cricket
Training the best talent for only a month or two at the State academies does not help achieve the long-term goals, writes Makarand Waingankar
It is a very deceptive notion that certain regions or countries produce talent naturally on a consistent basis. The truth is that, there are systems which nurture talents in their formative years. It is these systems that help turn talent into performances on the international stage.
Notwithstanding some administrative problems the BCCI has been churning out trained players. In India, around 800 matches are played per season and this is unparalleled in the cricketing world.
However, even with such a schedule there are issues.
Why are we struggling to win Test matches abroad? Why should it take India 28 years to win the World Cup for a second time? Why do we not produce good fast bowlers? Why are we preparing docile pitches even though the Pitch & Grounds committee is holding courses and examinations? These questions remain unanswered.
All the tournaments that are conducted do not ensure the quality of players taking part in them. Apart from that, there hasn’t been any system to groom talent. Training the best talent for only a month or two at the State academies does not help achieve the long-term goals.
As the former Australian player Rodney Marsh, who was a consultant to the NCA in its first year had said, “The job of the NCA is to fine-tune the second string and get them ready to play for the country. That’s the role Cricket Australia Academy plays.”
Fourteen years have passed since and it seems that only recently have the NCA operations been moulded in the manner Marsh had recommended in his inaugural speech.
Selection
The second part of this process in achieving long-term goals is selection. It is undoubtedly a thankless job and any cricketer who is not part of the national team is unhappy. However, there needs to be a certain degree of consistency and transparency in the process.
The list of criteria for selection has many times appeared to be a mystery. Mohinder Amarnath’s 60 matches in a 20-year career with ‘comebacks’ in every season is a glaring example of this.
As if to demonstrate the perennial nature of the problem, we have now the case of Robin Uthappa who must be wondering what else he must do to earn a place in the national team. Apart from his rich vein of form, his 120 out of a team score of 236 against East Zone on a seaming track hopefully may have convinced the selectors that he is a cricketer for all the formats of the game.
Why is the list of players playing a solitary or a couple of Tests long? It’s because selections in Indian cricket have been illogical. On the 1968 tour of Australia a spinner was replaced by a middle-order batsman and later in 1997 a fast bowler was replaced by a spinner on the tour of West Indies! A teenage Chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav was picked for three ODIs against the West Indies. Now he finds himself out of the team without playing a game!
 The first quarter of the coming year will test not only the players but also the systems as well when India takes on Australia down under, in a long away series with four Test matches followed by one-dayers. This is prior to the World Cup.
The tour undoubtedly will produce many challenges, not the least being the conditions of the pitches and the size of the grounds. 
Ravi Shastri is shrewd enough to know that a run saved is a run scored. Fielding standards have to be high if the team is to stay competitive. The bouncy conditions demand particular preparation.  

Apple s Cook  Alibaba s Ma talk marriage of mobile paymentsApple's Cook, Alibaba's Ma talk marriage of mobile payments
Apple Unveils New iPad Models
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images
By Tim Higgins and Lulu Yilun Chen, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif. — Apple's Tim Cook and Alibaba's Jack Ma speaking separately at a technology conference Monday, said they're open to working together on projects that would turn phones into tools for buying and selling stuff.
Cook and Ma, appearing at the WSJDLive tech conference in Laguna Beach, California, spoke of collaboration on mobile payments.
Apple CEO says he had 'very open' privacy talks in China
Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted on Friday as saying he had "very open" talks on privacy and security with a senior Chinese official
Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted on Friday as saying he had "very open" talks on privacy and security with a senior Chinese official
See more videos
"I'm very interested in that," Ma, founder of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., said when asked if it made sense for his company's Alipay Wallet mobile system to team with Apple Pay. "As always, a good marriage needs both sides hard working. I respect Apple and respect Tim very, very much."
Cook, who was sitting in the audience, took to the stage afterward and was asked about the possibility of a partnership.
"We're going to talk about getting married later this week," said Cook, chief executive officer of Apple. "I love what he's done, I think he's a brilliant guy. I think he has brilliant people at the company so if we can find some areas of common space, I love it. I love partnering with people like that."
The talk of partnership follows Cook's visit to China last week where he discussed plans to more than double the number of stores it operates in the Greater China region in the next two years to 40 as the company expands its business.
Alibaba shares climbed as much as 2.8 percent to $100.50, topping the $100 threshold for the first time since its Sept. 18 initial public offering.
0
"A lot of the move is related to his comment yesterday," Neil Doshi, an analyst at CRT Capital Group, said of Ma's remarks. "They want to get more entrenched in the US market, partnering with Apple will be a positive step to reach that goal."
Apple's effort to replace the physical wallets of consumers with its mobile-payment system ran into a roadblock as CVS Health Corp. and Rite Aid Corp. disabled the technology in their drugstores last week.
CVS and Rite Aid are among 220,000 U.S. merchants that already have technology in place to read the short-range wireless signals that enable customers of Apple Pay or similar services to make a purchase by waving their smartphones. The retailers weren't among those named as accepting Apple Pay when the iPhone maker revealed its system last month.
Cook called it "a skirmish."
"We're just getting started but the early ramp looks fantastic," he said.
More than 1 million cards were activated within the Apple Pay system during the first 72 hours, Cook said. Credit card companies told Apple that it's already the leader in contact- less mobile payment at the point of sale.
"And not just No. 1, but we're more than the total of all of the other guys," Cook said.
The drug retailers not accepting Apple Pay are part of a consortium developing a competing system. At stake is a market that's projected to jump to $90 billion in 2017 from $12.8 billion in 2012, according to Forrester Research Inc. Apple's entry into mobile payments follows efforts by Square, Google and Softcard — a wallet application backed by the three largest U.S. wireless carriers — that all failed to gain widespread appeal.
The mobile version of Alibaba's payment system Alipay Wallet handles 45 million transactions a day and has 190 million active users, Liu Lejun, general manager of the mobile business unit said this month.
Alipay Wallet products allow users to pay for hospital fees and rent cars in Beijing and Hangzhou, according to a display at a conference in Beijing. There are also payment options for retail stores that use Alipay bar codes.
"We love to partner with people that are wicked smart, that have flexible teams, that are product based and that push us and we like to push them," Cook said. "I think Jack has a company just like that."
_ Chen reported from Hong Kong. With assistance from Denni Hu in New York.

Samuels reveals his side of India pull-out storyTweet
0
West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels has strongly disagreed with the statement from West Indies ODI captain Dwayne Bravo , who said that the Jamaican had given consent to standing by "any decision taken by the team" including abandoning the tour of India. In an interview with ESPNcricinfo, Samuels pointed out that all three parties - players, WICB and West Indies Players Association - had handled the situation inappropriately but directed scathing criticism at Wavell Hinds, saying that the WIPA president and CEO was the "real reason" the situation became "messed up".
"No, I did not say that I am going to stand by any decision," Samuels said in a telephone interview on Monday from Jamaica. "Because nobody asked me questions like that. It is up to the individual to say okay I am with you. You had people in the room that didn't even open their mouth or say anything. At the end of the day, I went there and asked my questions and I wasn't satisfied [by the response]. If I was satisfied then I will be the first person to come out because I am an outspoken person. Then I will be the first person to come out and defend everything with [Bravo]."
This is the second time in less than a week Samuels has expressed a difference of opinion in the public domain against Bravo. In an interview with a radio station last week, Samuels said he spent time "ordering room service" while the rest of the players were attending meetings as he wanted "to finish the tour." Bravo said he was "shocked" at Samuels considering he had participated in the meeting "vigorously" asking questions.
However, Samuels clarified that he had asked certain questions of Bravo in the two team meetings he had attended in India and having failed to get a convincing response, he decided to stay away. According to Samuels, he had asked Bravo to come out and explain to the Caribbean public the exact situation because failing to be transparent with them was not right.
"One of the questions I asked was the public don't really know what is happening," Samuels said. "The public are being misled. They need to know the truth behind this [pullout]. They need to go out there and explain what is really happening. He wasn't willing to go and do that. That is why I say that if you are not up to doing what I want to go there and do, which is the right thing, then you are not going to get my full support. You cannot expect [me] to go and fight a war if you are not willing to go out and speak."
Samuels' reactions are a setback for Bravo who had said in a media statement released last Friday that the decision to leave India after the fourth ODI in Dharamsala was taken with the "full concert" of all the players. Samuels said that he was not surprised at all by Bravo releasing a statement but he agreed, and suggested, that calling him directly to sort things out would have been the best step.
"What he should have done, if you are a true leader, is to go out and call the player and ask him did you say things like this," Samuels said. He also stressed he was not siding with either WICB or WIPA in the current situation but criticized administrators for failing to be proactive to come up with a solution. "I am not basically swinging with nobody in this matter. If you cannot go out and talk it as it is then I am not up to it."
"All situation is handled badly. Wavell is wrong. The [WICB] president [Dave Cameron] should have taken a flight down to India and come and have a talk. To sit in the Caribbean and not come and speak to the players cannot be the right way to deal with things. So right across the board it is wrong."
Incidentally representatives of all three warring factions met in Jamaica on Monday for "cordial and fruitful" discussions as described in a joint statement issued at the conclusion of the meeting. Cameron and Hinds were present at the meeting which also was attended by players representatives Andre Russell and Jason Holder, along with legal counsel. Though Samuels said the blame for the tour abandonment should be spread among all the parties involved, he feels Hinds is most at fault.
"If you look at the situation, the real, real person here to be blamed is WIPA. Wavell Hinds, the president, that basically messed up everything. If you look at the situation you can't really blame [the WICB] for accepting what Wavell has done. Wavell is the main problem here. The players are upset with what Wavell has done. But remember I am not part of WIPA."
Asked why he was not accredited to the players' body, Samuels revealed the only reason was the way WIPA left him out "in the cold" when he was serving at two-year ban for having links with an Indian bookmaker. "Since I got the two-year ban I was left in the cold, on my own. I have to get my own lawyer. I have to do everything on my own. WIPA wasn't there for me. So I come back into cricket and choose not to be a part of WIPA because WIPA did not help me. So I do not feel like I should do anything for WIPA."
Full interview

Pope Francis backs evolution  Big Bang theoryprint
Pope Francis has sent ripples among believers and non-believers by declaring that evolution and the Big Bang theory are right and that God is not “a magician with a magic wand”.
At a meeting of the Vatican’s Pontifical Academy for Sciences Monday, he said the two scientific theories weren’t incompatible with the existence of a creator. In remarks interpreted by many as putting an end to the idea of creationism, Pope Francis said, “When we read about creation in Genesis, we run the risk of imagining God was a magician, with a magic wand able to do everything. But that is not so”.
“He created human beings and let them develop according to the internal laws that he gave to each one so they would reach their fulfilment. The Big Bang, which today we hold to be the origin of the world, does not contradict the intervention of the divine creator but, rather, requires it.”
“Evolution in nature is not inconsistent with the notion of creation, because evolution requires the creation of beings that evolve.”
The church has long been held as anti-science. In the 16th century, Italian physicist Galileo was forced to retract his ‘heretic’ theory that the earth revolved around the sun.
But its position has gradually shifted. Recently, former pope Benedict XVI apparently endorsed the idea that ‘intelligent design’ underpins evolution, suggesting ‘natural selection’ alone is insufficient to explain the complexity of the world.

Wall St. jumps 1 percent  S&P ends above key levelWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Facebook third-quarter revenue rises 59 percentFacebook warns of increased spending, shares fall
Facebook
Beck Diefenbach / Reuters / 2012
The sun rises behind the entrance sign to Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. before the company's IPO launch.
The sun rises behind the entrance sign to Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. before the company's IPO launch. (Beck Diefenbach / Reuters / 2012)
By Alexei Oreskovic, Reuters
Media Industry Facebook WhatsApp Inc. Mark Zuckerberg U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
'For us products don't get that interesting until they have about a billion people using them.'
Facebook Inc warned on Tuesday of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, slicing a tenth off its market value.
The hefty spending plans exposed the first signs of stress in the rock-solid support that investors have accorded the social networking company over the past year.
With Facebook's mobile advertising business delivering repeated quarters of breakneck revenue growth, the company has faced little pushback from investors on pricey, multi-billion dollar acquisitions such as WhatsApp and Oculus. Shares of Facebook reached an all-time high of $81.16 on Tuesday, before the company reported its third-quarter results.
Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner told analysts on a conference call that the social network is preparing for a 55 percent to 75 percent spike in expenses next year, when the world's largest social network intends to invest in Whatsapp, Oculus and other products that have yet to show a profit.
0
That's a big change from the company's current spending patterns, with costs and expenses in the first nine months of 2013 up a relatively modest 32 percent. Facebook declined to provide any estimates for its expected pace of revenue growth in 2015, adding to investor worries.
"Giving expense guidance without giving revenue guidance is frustrating and spooking The Street," said BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield.
"The multi-billion dollar question is what's revenue growth going to look like next year," he said.
Wehner forecast revenue growth of 40 percent to 47 percent in the final quarter of 2014. That's down sharply from 59 percent in the third quarter.
The financial forecasts came on the same day as Facebook revealed hundreds of millions of dollars in losses from WhatsApp.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has told Wall Street he is in no hurry to extract a payoff from the collection of acquired products, stressing the importance of growing the number of users first.
"For us products don't get that interesting until they have about a billion people using them," Zuckerberg said.
Shares of Facebook, up roughly 47 percent this year, slid nearly 9 percent to $73.80 in extended trading on Tuesday.
MOBILE SURGE
Facebook reported a better-than-expected 59 percent jump in third-quarter revenue and a solid gain in its user base that's already the world's largest social media community. The company is considered a pioneer in mobile advertising, outshining rivals like Twitter Inc, which are struggling to sustain user engagement and growth.
Google Inc, the world's No.1 Internet search engine, has seen its advertising rates stuck in a multi-year decline as it adapts its lucrative advertising business for the smartphones that consumers increasingly favor.
Mobile ads represented two-thirds of Facebook's advertising revenue in the third quarter, and the company said that the average price of its ads more than tripled year-on-year.
"They continue to show that there is a lot of demand for their product, both in terms of users wanting to spend time there and advertisers wanting to spend money," said Ben Schachter an analyst with Macquarie Research.
Facebook's total number of monthly users reached 1.35 billion in the third quarter, with 64 percent of its users accessing the service every day.
Facebook said revenue in the three months ended Sept. 30 totaled $3.2 billion, up 59 percent from $2.02 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were looking for revenue of $3.12 billion on average.
Net income increased to $806 million, or 30 cents a share in the third quarter, compared to $425 million, or 17 cents a share in the year-ago period. Excluding certain items, Facebook said it earned 43 cents a share.
Facebook also for the first time disclosed the financial performance for WhatsApp, a mobile messaging app that the company acquired earlier this month for $22 billion.
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, WhatsApp lost $232.5 million in the first six months of 2014, compared to a loss of $58.8 million in the first six months of 2013.
(Editing by Bernard Orr)

Tax rules won t stop Pfizer from bidding U.S. goodbye  CEO saysTax rules won't stop Pfizer from bidding U.S. goodbye, CEO says
Pfizer beats third-quarter forecasts, mum on likely future deals
Pfizer Inc reported better than expected quarterly results, helped by growing sales of its cancer drugs and demand for its medicines in emerging markets
Pfizer Inc reported better than expected quarterly results, helped by growing sales of its cancer drugs and demand for its medicines in emerging markets
By Cynthia Koons, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
NEW YORK — The U.S. attempt to stop companies from leaving the country for tax reasons won't stop Pfizer Inc., which is still considering a deal to move America's biggest drugmaker abroad, Chief Executive Officer Ian Read said Tuesday.
"I see no reason why we wouldn't be able to do an inversion," Read said in a telephone interview following the company's third-quarter earnings results. Read said that if Pfizer can find the right target for the right price under its assessment of the U.S. rules, Pfizer would still go ahead.
Pfizer has been on the hunt for a multibillion-dollar deal that would add to the New York-based drugmaker's pipeline, let it cut costs, and help it escape the U.S.'s 35 percent corporate tax rate. Under so-called tax inversions, U.S. companies use mergers to shift their legal address to a lower-tax country without shifting their actual operations.
The ideal transaction has all three components, Read has said, though U.S. Treasury Department's rules announced last month to limit the tax moves may lower what Pfizer is willing to pay, Read said Tuesday.
0
The Treasury Department rules, announced last month, include a prohibition on "hopscotch" loans that let companies access foreign cash without paying U.S. taxes, and impose curbs on actions that companies can use to make such transactions qualify for favorable tax treatment.
Read's remarks are in stark contrast to a wave of pulled tax inversion deals in recent weeks. AbbVie Inc. and Shire Plc agreed on Oct. 20 to terminate what would have been the biggest U.S. tax inversion after AbbVie's board ended its support for the deal over the U.S. rule changes.
AbbVie, based in North Chicago, Illinois, had planned to buy Shire for an estimated $52 billion, then move the combined company's legal address to Britain to lower its tax bill and access cash trapped overseas. Salix Pharmaceuticals and Cosmo Pharmaceuticals also ended a $2.7 billion deal after the rules were announced.
Pfizer has so far this year failed to complete a major deal. The drugmaker walked away from a $114 billion attempt to buy London-based AstraZeneca this year, a purchase that would have boosted the company's pipeline and moved its legal address overseas.
Last month, Pfizer was said to have approached Actavis about a deal. Actavis is run from Parsippany, New Jersey, but obtained an Irish domicile by acquiring Warner Chilcott last year.
For Pfizer, a major deal would help offset a lack of revenue growth in coming years as its major drugs lose patent protection. The company is considering breaking up into individual companies but that probably wouldn't happen until at least 2017, according to Read.
Earlier Tuesday, the drug maker beat analysts' estimates for the third quarter after sales of top vaccine and pain products grew and the company continued to buy back billions of dollars in stock.
Third-quarter net income rose 3 percent to $2.67 billion, or 42 cents a share, from $2.59 billion, or 39 cents, a year earlier. Earnings excluding one-time items of 57 cents a share beat by 2 cents the average of 18 analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
Sales of Pfizer's highest-selling drugs, the pain drug Lyrica and the vaccine Prevnar, which helps prevent pneumococcal infections, rose. Lyrica sales grew 16 percent to $1.32 billion and Prevnar grew 19 percent to of $1.14 billion.
Pfizer still needs to either do a deal or consider a breakup because its pipeline of new drugs is only enough to keep revenue growth flat in coming years, said Ashtyn Evans, health- care analyst at Edward Jones, in a telephone interview.
"They could acquire attractive assets to supplement their different segments currently so that it makes more sense to break them up," she said, or opt to do one large deal. "They've got both of those strategies in their back pocket right now."
While Pfizer's newest drugs are growing, they still aren't large enough to replace multibillion-dollar medicines like Celebrex, an arthritis treatment, which is losing patent protection this year.
That includes Xeljanz, a rheumatoid arthritis medicine approved for sale in the U.S. in November 2012. It sold $85 million, more than double a year ago.
Pfizer lowered its full-year sales and earnings forecasts for the second straight quarter.
Revenue for the third quarter fell 2 percent to $12.4 billion. Full-year sales will be as much as $49.7 billion this year, compared to a prior forecast of $50.7 billion, the company said. Profit excluding one-time items will be in a range of $2.23 to $2.27, narrowing from a prior forecast of $2.20 to $2.30.
_ With assistance from Richard Rubin in Washington.

The best foods to relieve sinus congestionBigg Boss 8
The best foods to fight sinus congestion
Sinus infections can be terribly disruptive, causing breathing difficulty, headaches, stuffiness and loss of taste. While they can be treated with medication, sometimes a careful diet is all it takes to help relieve the congestion. Here are a list of foods to eat, and a list of foods to definitely avoid during times of sinusitis.
Spicy food like pepper, chillies, jalapenos relieve sinus congestion as they help release the mucus that causes a stuffed nose. Although, people with acid reflux should stay clear of this one.
1 / 20
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Thinkstock
Tue 28 Oct, 2014 10:30 AM IST
TB and malaria kill more people worldwide than any other disease- as a country, India could do without Ebola. … More »
Who Knew? - Fri 21 Nov, 2014 11:51 AM IST
Let me take you to the peace and quiet of the tea gardens of Assam, Nilgiris, Darjeeling and Meghalaya, where every tea leaf is brimming with life of its own. Here … More »
Who Knew? - Thu 16 Oct, 2014 7:56 AM IST

Spending on political ads fills coffers of TV stations0
The surge in political spending has become an important part of the revenue stream for broadcast companies — as much as a 30 percent increase in election years — and it's affecting how they operate. And, although more political advertising is landing in new places like cable and digital, well more than half of the spending is still flowing to local stations, analysts say.
"All the digital guys say TV is a dinosaur. Well, dinosaurs roamed the earth for millions of years," said Meredith McGehee, policy director at the Campaign Legal Center, a group that has pushed advertisers for more disclosure.
And the TV stations are counting on the revenue continuing for some time.
When Tribune Media Co., Sinclair Broadcasting and other companies went on station-buying sprees last year, they snapped up political cash cows in battleground states like Colorado and Iowa.
In Des Moines, Iowa, Tribune's WHO-HD this year added an hour of local news at 4 p.m., in part to create more space for political spots. Tribune is the former parent company of the Los Angeles Times and the Chicago Tribune.
"We changed our business model a little bit to accommodate the political demand," said station manager Dale Woods. About 70 percent of all commercials are now political, he said, and 70 percent of the station's political ads are purchased by outside groups.
Chicago TV stations are seeing a potential record in political advertising this fall, with the majority of the advertising coming from the hotly contested race for governor between Democratic incumbent Pat Quinn and his Republican challenger, Bruce Rauner.
Overall, $40 million is being spent on political TV advertising this fall in Chicago between the campaigns, political action committees and the national parties. The North Suburban congressional race between Democratic incumbent Brad Schneider and Republican challenger Bob Dold is a distant second in total ad spend, according to sources.
"It's been a very strong political season in a gubernatorial race that's virtually tied," said David Doebler, president and general manager of NBC-owned WMAQ-Ch. 5. "It's been a robust season."
Sources say Chicago TV stations will see more than $75 million in political advertising during 2014.
Gannett Broadcasting is watching trends and anticipating more political advertising in future races in places like Texas, assuming a growth in Democratic voters makes the state more competitive, company President David Lougee said in an interview.
Last week, Gannett Co. reported that its political revenues were up 31 percent from the last midterm election, helping to drive a substantial increase in the company's profits. The company owns or operates 46 stations.
The glut of political ads has reached smaller TV markets, like Savannah, Ga., the No. 92 market in the U.S., with 333,000 homes. Prime spots are going at a premium. For the big Georgia vs. Florida football game Saturday, just before the election, "the rates there now are akin to what we charge for the Super Bowl," said Scott Dempsey, the general manager of WTOC.
Tribune reporter Robert Channick contributed.

In Govt-RSS tango  5 ministers meetSanghPrint
Sources said such meetings, conceptualised to build trust between the govt and RSS, would be a regular affair.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:05 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 5:08 am
Setting in place a mechanism for “better coordination” between the BJP-led government and the RSS, the first meeting between union ministers and representatives of Sangh affiliated organisations was held on Tuesday.
While the government was represented by Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar, Power Minister Piyush Goyal and Minister of State for Agriculture Sanjeev Kumar Balyan, RSS pointsman for BJP Krishna Gopal, senior functionary Suresh Soni, and BJP general secretaries Ram Lal, Ram Madhav and P Murlidhar Rao were also present at the four-hour-long meeting.
Union Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitaraman was expected to attend the meeting but could not make it as she was away on an official tour.
Twenty-nine people, including leaders of Sangh affiliates like Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, Vanvasi Kalyan Ashram, Laghu Udyog Bharati and Sahakar Bharati, were also present.
“With today’s meeting, the process of coordination between the government and the RSS has been initiated. Today, the meeting was with the ministries related to economic activities. It was a general meeting and will be followed by consultations between the individual organisations and the concerned ministries,” said a source who attended the meeting.
“The ministers will take suggestions and feedback from the Sangh leaders and, in the process, confrontation on policy matters can be avoided,” he added.
Sources said such meetings, conceptualised to build trust between the government and the RSS, would be a regular affair. “Organisations working in different sectors will have similar meetings with the concerned ministries. For example, those working in the education sector will have consultations with HRD, Science and Technology etc,” said the source.
While organisations working in the service sector will meet the concerned ministers on Wednesday, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani will consult representatives of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and Vidya Bharati on Thursday.
“Tuesday’s meeting was just to share perspectives. We want to avoid confrontation on policy matters. Certain initiatives by the government have already created some difference of opinion among us,” said another person who attended the meeting. The SJM and BKS have opposed a decision of the Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee to approve field testing of GM food crop, and FDI in defence and railways.
“We had several demands but this meeting was too brief to take up all of them. We raised our most important demands — regularise contract workers, grant them all benefits at par with regular workers and give central government employee status to anganwadi workers. The Labour Minister was favourable to our demands. He said he needed some time to study the matter,” said BMS general secretary Virjesh Upadhyay.
Earlier, the BMS had announced that it would oppose the proposed changes to the Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and the Apprentices (Amendment) Bill 2014, introduced by Tomar during the budget session. RSS affiliated organisations like SJM and BKS continued…

http://usat.ly/1wEAWPRFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Tesla stock rallies as Elon Musk defends sales tally
When Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk reads something he doesn't like, he takes to Twitter. But this time, he is being called out on his blast of the Wall Street Journal. The Journal included some sales data from
Post to Facebook
Tesla stock rallies as Elon Musk defends sales tally When Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk reads something he doesn't like, he takes to Twitter. But this time, he is being called out on his blast of the Wall Street Journal. The Journal included some sales data from Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wAh5QO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
7
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tesla stock rallies as Elon Musk defends sales tally
Chris Woodyard and James R. Healey , 9:28 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Elon Musk, co-founder and CEO of American electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla Motors, poses with a Tesla during a visit to Amsterdam on January 31, 2014. The European Tesla Service is based in Tilburg and the European headquarters is in Amsterdam. AFP PHOTO / ANP/ JERRY LAMPEN  --NETHERLANDS OUT--JERRY LAMPEN/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: - ORIG FILE ID: 526554698
(Photo: JERRY LAMPEN, AFP/Getty Images)
73 CONNECT 56 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk reads something he doesn't like, he takes to Twitter. But this time, he is being called out on his blast of the Wall Street Journal.
The Journal included some sales data from Ward's Automotive in reporting, along with USA TODAY, on the electric car maker's plans for a new leasing deal and "happiness guarantee" for those who lease. It shows that sales of the Model S are down in the U.S. this year.
Musk leaped to Twitter to fight back. "Article in @WSJ re Tesla sales is incorrect," he wrote. "September was a record high WW and up 65% year-over-year in North America."
Apparently it worked: Tesla shares rocketed 9.5% Tuesday to $242,77 a share, up $21.10. But was Musk right?
Fortune, looking at the tweet and sales figures, questions whether Musk is "guilty of some terminological inexactitude."
Comparisons of Tesla's sales numbers are difficult because the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company reports quarterly, while the rest of the industry discloses them monthly. As a result, the sales-counting service that USA TODAY depends on, Autodata, says its monthly tally of Tesla U.S. sales "are based on Tesla's quarterly estimates and our internal validation process. The numbers are estimates but (Autodata believes they) are indicative of actual sales results."
They indeed showed a drop in Tesla's sales numbers in the U.S., both in September and so far this year, compared to the same periods last year. Autodata says Tesla sold 1,650 cars in September, down 15.4% from a year earlier. The nine months through September, by Autodata's count, Tesla sold 13,850, down 3.2%.
Ward's, basically, showed the same direction -- down.
Analyst Brian Johnson, in a note to investors Monday, wondered whether Tesla sales have "plateaued" in the U.S. even as the company now can deliver better financing terms to cut monthly lease payments.
73 CONNECT 56 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wAh5QO
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

How to stay single without going brokeHow to stay single without going broke
By Anya Kamenetz, Tribune Content Agency, The Savings Game
Finance Taxation
A few weeks ago, Pew Research released a report showing that a record number of today's young adults in their 20s and early 30s are unmarried. And if current trends continue, one in four will never get married.
According to the survey, the biggest reason young people ages 25 to 34 give for not getting married is that they are not financially ready. Women, in particular, may be held back from tying the knot by financial concerns. Most young women who have never been married say it's very important to find a spouse with a steady job, but there are only 91 eligible young men with jobs for every 100 such women.
Ironically, the decision to remain single, or even to cohabit instead of getting married, tends to negatively affect a person's financial future. A 2013 article in The Atlantic calculated that over a lifetime, the higher costs add up to as much as a million dollars.
A happy, fulfilling life does not require marriage or children. But there's a catch to flying solo -- an expensive one. Here are the major financial penalties for being single, and some potential strategies for getting around them.
0
--Health insurance: Single people lack the security of healthcare through a spouse's employer. And when purchasing their own coverage, it costs more per person for individuals than for couples or families. A partial fix is to stay on your parents' policy for as long as possible. Thanks to Obamacare, young adults up to age 26 can still be enrolled on a family policy and will probably save money that way. (Designating a friend as a "domestic partner" for insurance purposes is unethical, so I won't recommend it.)
--Taxes: Married couples filing jointly get a higher standard deduction, several special tax credits, and have higher income thresholds to qualify for certain tax breaks. There's not much that single people can do about these penalties. But you could at least take advantage of your single status by pursuing a freelance or entrepreneurial career. As a single person you are free to itemize your deductions, which is more difficult to do when filing jointly, since both spouses have to choose the same deduction strategy.
--Housing: Married people are more likely to buy homes, but homeownership for single women, in particular, is rising. If you can afford a mortgage on your own, it can be a good path to build financial security without waiting for the right relationship to come along.
Couples, of course, have the option to split the rent on a one-bedroom or studio apartment. But single people can save on both rent and living expenses, such as cooking, by seeking out cooperative and congenial roommate situations.
--Retirement: Single people miss out on the additional protection of spousal Social Security benefits, and certain tax benefits on retirement accounts as well. The antidote, of course, is to save early, often and generously. Don't delay on planning for your future just because you don't know exactly what your household is going to look like in 20 years.
--Career, education and family: Here's an advantage on the other side of the line. Each year that a woman stays single, childless and working, she will earn more compared to her married mom counterparts. The difference is not small: Single women without kids earn 96 cents for every buck a man earns, while married mothers earn 76 cents on the dollar. (Not so for men: married fathers get a wage bump compared to the bachelors).
But the so-called motherhood penalty diminishes for the most highly qualified women. So, if you want to baby-proof your career, use the single years to gain valuable experience and education. That will put you in the catbird seat whether or not it's ever time to commit.
(Anya Kamenetz' next book is "The Test: Why Our Schools Are Obsessed with Standardized Testing, but You Don't Have to Be." She welcomes your questions at diyubook@gmail.com )
(c) 2014 ANYA KAMENETZ. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Commercial supply rocket explodes atliftoffAn unmanned commercial supply ship bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff.
By: Associated Press | Cape Carnival | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:26 am
An unmanned commercial supply ship bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff on Tuesday evening, with debris falling in flames over the launch site.
No injuries were reported following the first catastrophic launch in NASA’s commercial spaceflight effort.
Orbital Sciences Corp’s Antares rocket blew up over the launch complex at Wallops Island, Virginia, just six seconds after liftoff. The company said everyone at the launch site had been accounted for, and the damage appeared to be limited to the facilities.
Flames could be seen shooting into the sky as the sun set.
“Maintain your consoles,” Orbital Sciences’ Mission Control informed the roomful of engineers and technicians. All data were being collected for use in the ensuing investigation.
The Cygnus cargo ship was loaded with 5,000 pounds (2,268 kilograms) of experiments and equipment for the six people living on the space station. It was the fourth Cygnus bound for the orbiting lab; the first flew just over a year ago.
NASA spokesman Rob Navias said there was nothing urgently needed by the space station crew on that flight. In fact, the Russian Space Agency was proceeding with its own supply run on Wednesday.
NASA is paying the Virginia-based Orbital Sciences and the California-based SpaceX company to keep the space station stocked in the post-shuttle era.
Until Tuesday, all of the companies’ missions had been near-flawless and the accident was sure to draw criticism in Washington. The commercial spaceflight program has been championed by President Barack Obama.
NASA said the six residents of the orbiting lab were informed of the accident.

PRECIOUS-Gold holds near $1 230  waiting on FedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Day after announcing India plans  SoftBank invests$ 627m in SnapdealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Scientists discover ocean on Saturn moonScientists discover ocean on Saturn moon
By Clive Cookson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2ad6cbe-bb34-11e3-948c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Smaller companies face funding freezeSmaller companies face funding freeze
Andrew Bolger and Christopher Thompson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cf715ba-5eb3-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Snapdeal founder Kunal Bahl eyes Alibaba playbook with $627 mn SoftBank funding dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New Zealanders to vote on flag change in2016New Zealand will hold a binding referendum in 2016 on whether to change the national flag, said John Key.New
By: Agence-France Presse | Wellington | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:27 am
New Zealand will hold a binding referendum in 2016 on whether to change the national flag, Prime Minister John Key said today.
Key is a strong supporter of ditching the current flag, which features the Union Jack of former colonial power Britain in one corner, in favour of a more recognisably New Zealand banner.
“Our flag is the most important symbol of our national identity and I believe that this is the right time for New Zealanders to consider changing the design to one that better reflects our status as a modern, independent nation,” he said in a statement.
Key has previously said he would like to see a new flag featuring a silver fern, on a black background, similar to the banner already used by many New Zealand teams such as the All Blacks.
The centre-right leader vowed to press on with plans for a change after convincingly winning a third term in a general election last month, despite opposition from some quarters, such as veterans groups.
Key said Deputy Prime Minister Bill English would convene a cross-party committee covering the entire political spectrum to choose a number of potential designs for a new flag.
The government will then hold a referendum in 2015, allowing the public to choose a preferred option from the range selected by the committee.
A second referendum is then planned for 2016, when voters will chose between the existing flag and the new design.
“Retaining the current flag is a possible outcome of this process and the consideration of options will be done carefully, respectfully and with no presumption in favour of change,” Key said.
The existing flag was first used in 1869 and formally adopted in 1902. Its supporters say that New Zealanders have fought and died under it for generations and a change would dishonour their memory.
But critics argue it is too easily confused with those of other former British colonies such as Australia, which has an almost identical design.

Venezuelas government recalls ambassador toSpainPrint
By: Associated Press | Caracas | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:18 am
Venezuela’s socialist government on Tuesday recalled for consultations its ambassador to Spain to protest Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy’s call to free a jailed opposition activist who led anti-government protests earlier this year.
Rajoy met with the wife of jailed hardliner Leopoldo Lopez last week in Madrid and posted on Twitter a short message urging his release.
Although that’s something the United States, the United Nations and other foreign governments have demanded previously, it was enough to trigger an angry rebuke from President Nicolas Maduro, who blasted the conservative leader for “interfering” in Venezuela’s affairs.
“He thinks he’s the king, the owner of the Americas,” Maduro said last week, accusing Rajoy of trying to distract attention from Spain’s economic problems. “Go talk about the disaster you’re creating for the Spanish people.”
Opposition leaders however say it’s Maduro that is looking for a scapegoat, as Venezuelans grow frustrated with long lines for food and other basic goods, the result of an economic crisis in the oil-rich nation marked by soaring 60 percent inflation and a drought of dollars.
Lopez has been jailed since February for leading protests that rocked Venezuela in February seeking to force Maduro’s resignation just a few months after his party prevailed in municipal elections. He is charged with inciting violence.
It’s not the first time Venezuela’s socialist government has picked a fight with the former colonial power.
Former Spanish King Juan Carlos famously told the late Hugo Chavez to “shut up” at a regional summit in Chile in 2007. Venezuela threatened to cut commercial and diplomatic ties at the time but the dispute was smoothed over by Spain’s then-socialist government.

Texas executes ex-gang member for deaths ofthreeThis undated handout photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Miguel Paredes.
By: Associated Press | Huntsville | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:06 am
A former gang member has been put to death for the fatal shootings of three rivals 14 years ago in San Antonio.
Thirty-two-year-old Miguel Paredes was convicted along with two other men in the September 2000 slayings of three people with ties to the Mexican Mafia.
They were shot after showing up at a home to collect drug money. Their bodies were rolled up in a carpet, driven about 50 miles (80 kilometers) southwest, dumped and set on fire.
Paredes was executed Tuesday evening after the US Supreme Court turned down a last-day appeal from attorneys who contended he was mentally impaired.
His execution was the 10th this year in Texas, the most active death-penalty state in the US One other Texas inmate is set to die in December.

Girls accused of trying to join jihadis confused about her possiblerolePrint
By: Associated Press | Denver | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:54 am
One of three girls who authorities say tried to join Islamic State militants in Syria was confused about what her role would be if she had actually made it there, the girl’s father said Tuesday.
The FBI says a 16-year-old Somali girl and her friends, 15- and 17-year-old sisters of Somali descent, were headed toward Turkey en route to Syria when authorities stopped them on Oct. 20 at the Frankfurt, Germany airport. They sent them back to Denver, where FBI agents again interviewed them before releasing them to their parents without pressing charges.
“She told me they were going to get there and somebody is going to contact them,” said the father of the 16-year-old, who spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because he is concerned for the girls’ safety. “I ask her, ‘Who’s that person?’ She actually didn’t have a clear idea about what’s going on. They’re just like, you know, stupid little girls. They just want to do something, and they do it.”
They’re safe now, but the father said he is still troubled by lingering questions about their intentions, who recruited them online and how they were so easily able to board a plane and head overseas.
The FBI is focusing on what contacts they had in Syria, having searched the girls’ computers for clues.
“What they did is unacceptable, and they changed their lives, and they changed our lives,” the father said, adding that he pulled his daughter out of school. She hasn’t had contact with her friends. She told her father she was afraid to talk to him about going to Syria because she knew he would oppose it. “She realizes she made a mistake.”
He said he became concerned Oct. 17, when his daughter’s high school called to say she had not shown up for classes. He texted her, and she responded that she was just late, but she didn’t return home, and her brother mentioned a disturbing Twitter conversation from her account.
“She asked her friends to pray for her because she and the other two girls … and at that time, I just knew that something really bad was going to happen,” he said. Then, he noticed her passport missing. He called the FBI and his state lawmaker, Rep. Daniel Kagan, for help.
Authorities said the girls had saved their money and stole from their parents to buy their tickets in cash at a Lufthansa counter at Denver International Airport. Their overseas trip raised no red flags. The U.S. government doesn’t have any restrictions on children flying alone, domestically or internationally. Most U.S. airlines allow children 12 and older to fly alone but often with restrictions on international flights.
The girl left behind her laptop, which showed she had been researching whether minors could travel alone and if an entry visa to Turkey was required.
The father wasn’t sure how his daughter, a typical high school girl who likes going to the movies and the mall, was lured to terrorism online. Officials have said one of the girls continued…

Nifty seen opening higher | Ten stocks in focusDow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8,050 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 46 points higher at 8,084.50 indicating a positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty remained very range bound for most of the session but finally edged higher to conclude the day with a gain of 35 points at 8027. The Sensex appreciated by almost half a percent to close at 26880 on Tuesday.
Nifty now has immediate support placed at 7,970 levels and below that 7,930 is the key level to watch out for, say experts. On the higher side the range of 8050 to 8085 may prove as a difficult resistance to cross.
"We expect range bound move till the time Nifty is unable to surpass 8100 or move below 7930," brokerage firm, GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A breach of 7930 may result in further downside till 7850 to 7840 range, whereas a move beyond 8085 - 8100 may ensure a retest of the earlier high of 8180," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks rose more than 1 percent with the S&P 500 ending above its 50-day moving average for the first time in almost a month as strong earnings eased concerns about the outlook for corporate America.
"The majority of U.S. companies reporting third-quarter results have beaten analysts' expectations so far, easing some worries about the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar and weak global demand," Reuters reported.
"The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the U.S. economy continues to recover," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 187.81 points, or 1.12 per cent, to 17,005.75, the S&P 500 gained 23.42 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 1,985.05 and the Nasdaq Composite added 78.36 points, or 1.75 per cent, to 4,564.29.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 15,521 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.92 per cent higher at 23,738.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 1.1 per cent higher at 1,948 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.33 per cent higher at 2,345.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8050 levelsDow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8,050 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 46 points higher at 8,084.50 indicating a positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty remained very range bound for most of the session but finally edged higher to conclude the day with a gain of 35 points at 8027. The Sensex appreciated by almost half a percent to close at 26880 on Tuesday.
Nifty now has immediate support placed at 7,970 levels and below that 7,930 is the key level to watch out for, say experts. On the higher side the range of 8050 to 8085 may prove as a difficult resistance to cross.
"We expect range bound move till the time Nifty is unable to surpass 8100 or move below 7930," brokerage firm, GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A breach of 7930 may result in further downside till 7850 to 7840 range, whereas a move beyond 8085 - 8100 may ensure a retest of the earlier high of 8180," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks rose more than 1 percent with the S&P 500 ending above its 50-day moving average for the first time in almost a month as strong earnings eased concerns about the outlook for corporate America.
"The majority of U.S. companies reporting third-quarter results have beaten analysts' expectations so far, easing some worries about the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar and weak global demand," Reuters reported.
"The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the U.S. economy continues to recover," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 187.81 points, or 1.12 per cent, to 17,005.75, the S&P 500 gained 23.42 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 1,985.05 and the Nasdaq Composite added 78.36 points, or 1.75 per cent, to 4,564.29.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 15,521 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.92 per cent higher at 23,738.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 1.1 per cent higher at 1,948 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.33 per cent higher at 2,345.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Unmanned private cargo rocket explodes after launch: NASAThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Decks cleared for Nithari killers executionNEW DELHI, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 08:32 IST
Decks cleared for Nithari killer’s execution
J. Venkatesan
Tweet
PTI
Mr. Jethmalani argued that Koli was convicted only on the basis of his own confession, which could not be relied upon.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday cleared the decks for the execution of Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli after it dismissed his plea seeking review of the judgment upholding death penalty.
A Bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu and Justices Madan B. Lokur and A.K. Sikri dismissed the review petition after hearing Ram Jethmalani, who argued that there was gross miscarriage of justice as Koli had been falsely implicated in the case.
Mr. Jethmalani argued that Koli was convicted only on the basis of his own confession, which could not be relied upon.
“One innocent life is more important than anything else. I am shocked that such a thing can happen in the judiciary as the prosecution had completely suppressed a vital document, viz. the autopsy report of a surgeon, which is a piece of evidence to prove Koli’s innocence,” he said.
Counsel pointed out that the surgeon, who performed the autopsy, was not examined during trial.
The Chief Justice made it clear to counsel, “You are introducing new facts for the first time which is not permissible under the rules. We can’t entertain this review petition and we dismiss it.”
On September 8, the apex court stayed Koli’s execution pending disposal of the review petition in an open court. On September 12, the stay was extended till Tuesday.
With the dismissal of the petition, it is now open to the jail authorities to execute the death sentence.
RELATED NEWS

Devendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM  but has to pass 15-day majority testThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Express 5: Coded conversations between ex-CBI chief and Qureshi; J&K DIGs alleged abuse ofpowerWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:15 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 9:17 am
1. CBI CASE
“Sir 500 words essay is good or 1000 word essay and size of jacket. Fast pls.” When meat exporter Moin Qureshi sent this BBM message in July last year to A P Singh, the former CBI director who is now a member of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) replied, “500 words. 40 Jacket 16 collar size.” This was in 2013, the same year that Singh joined the UPSC after he had retired as CBI director. Today, this mysterious message is one of the many between the two that convinced Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi to inform the Supreme Court on October 17 that Singh’s conduct was “wholly unbecoming of the office he held (as CBI Director)”.
Read More:  ‘Sir 500 words essay is good or 1000 word essay and size of jacket. Fast pls.’
2. ABUSE OF POWER 
The son of a top Jammu and Kashmir police officer has posted a series of photographs on Instagram that show his father’s apparent abuse of power. The photographs have gone viral on social networking sites, evoking angry reactions. One of the photographs shows a man — apparently a policeman — sitting near the feet of Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Jammu, Shakeel Beig and helping him put on his shoes. The caption with the photograph , posted by Beig’s son, who goes by the name Tonybeig on Instagram, says: “Real king – My Dad!! Last time he put his shoes himself was almost 15 years ago #BossLife #King xx.”
Read More:  J&K DIG’s son posts photos of ‘Dad & I’ enjoying perks of power
3. BLACK MONEY PROBE
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the Centre to disclose to it on Wednesday all the names being investigated for allegedly stashing black money abroad, and questioned why the government was “holding a protective umbrella for these people”. Throwing a spanner in the case being heard for the past five years, a bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu directed the government to hand over, in sealed cover, on Wednesday the lists of all the names received from foreign governments, irrespective of the nature of treaties between the countries. The court order came as a surprise since it was hearing a fresh application by the government for, in fact, restricting the disclosure.
Read More:  Supreme Court snaps back at Govt: Not 2 or 3, give us all the names 
4. OPINION
The present state of the Left in India is a cause for concern, to not only those who are members of the mainstream communist parties but a much wider spectrum of people who are ideologically inclined towards the Left and want it to revive and flourish in order to strengthen secularism, democracy and social justice. The electoral debacle faced by the Left Front in the Lok Sabha polls, especially in its former stronghold of West Bengal, has naturally led to some churning and debate within the Left and its largest contingent, the CPM. The outcome of this debate would have a bearing on the future of the left movement as a whole.
Read More:  To revive Left, steer clear of Congress
5. SPORTS
Former France striker Nicolas Anelka had a forgettable return from suspension when his Mumbai franchise team was drubbed 5-1 by Chennaiyin FC in the Indian Super League on Tuesday. The 35-year-old Anelka, who sat out the first three matches because of a five-match ban imposed in England for a racially aggravated goal celebration that led to his exit from West Bromwich Albion in March, made some early runs down the right, but failed to dent the defence.

Live Cricket Score  Duleep Trophy final  South Zone vs Central Zone: Teams contemplate playing XI in front of a rather deceiving looking KotlawicketPrint
Bist, in particular, was at his delightful best against the spinners as he used his feet well. (Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Dehli | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:00 pm
Central Zone batsmen led by Robin Bist were guilty of poor shot selection as they finished at 237 for seven against South Zone on day one of their Duleep Trophy final in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Bist wasted a chance of scoring a ton as he got out for 79 off 153 balls in an innings that lasted three and half hours and had 12 sweetly timed boundaries with a six. For South, Baba Aparajith with 2/26 had best figures while R Vinay Kumar, HS Sharath, Shreyash Gopal, Pragyan Ojha and Hanuma Vihari all got a wicket apiece.
Central got partnerships of 68, 65, 52 but most of their batsmen got out after getting set. They got a couple of bad decisions with both Anil Chaudhary and K Srinath getting it wrong on one occasion each.
Despite a liberal coating of green, the Kotla wicket displayed its typical slow nature with the batsman having little difficulty in negotiating the pace trio of R Vinay Kumar, Abhimanyu Mithun and HS Sharath.
Such was the slow nature of the pitch that Vinay deployed seven bowlers including four spinners in the first session itself.
While last match’s centurion Jalaj Saxena (2) was given dubiously caught behind off Vinay’s bowling, Bist in company of Vidarbha opener Faiz Fazal (49) negotiated the South bowlers with ease.
With no real demons in the pitch, batting became easy as the effort balls like bouncers from medium pacers were imperiously pulled.
Bist, in particular, was at his delightful best against the spinners as he used his feet well.
The diminutive right-hander lofted Pragyan Ojha for a lovely six over extra cover. While he found the gaps with ease against spinners, he rocked back to pull a Sharath short ball in-front of square. The shot off the day was a late cut by Bist off leg-spinner Shreyash Gopal.
Fazal-Bist duo added 65 runs for the second wicket before Baba Aparajith struck twin blows in the post-lunch session.
Southpaw Fazal, after doing all the hardwork, threw it away trying to cut Aparajith and offering a simple catch to Hanuma Vihari at point.
All eyes were on Naman (4) and he started off with a boundary before a moment of indiscretion cost him dearly.
Aparajith bowled a flattish delivery and Ojha just smacked it straight to Vinay at mid-off.
With Central in a spot at 94 for three, Ashok Menaria (37) joined Bist and two Rajasthan boys carried repair work adding 68 runs for the fourth wicket.
None of the South Zone bowlers could create an impact. Bist reached his 50 in due course and looked like going for a long haul infront of national selectors Vikram Rathour and Saba Karim.
At 162, South profited from Dinesh Karthik’s smart stumping off Hanuma Vihari’s bowling. Disaster struck when Mahesh Rawat (0) was adjudged caught behind off Gopal’s bowling at the stroke of tea, when it looked that he had not edged it.
Bist, who was destined to get hundred, blew it away when Ojha bowled a continued…

Bridging the gap: Vietnam  India scale the Great Wall of Chinaprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Vietnamese counterpart, Nguyen Tan Dung, at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi. (Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
The strategic gap that kept India and Vietnam apart in the past may have at least been bridged with the present Vietnamese prime minister's visit.
The two have a bond going back to India's support for Vietnam in its successive wars with France, the US and China. Both have territorial disputes with China and want to use third countries to counterbalance Beijing's preponderance. But geography has been an issue: India cannot project its naval power into the South China Sea and Vietnam is too far to help New Delhi in its border issues with Beijing.
The 2007 strategic partnership struggled to get substance. The two countries have flirted, but have seen other countries as more useful for keeping the dragon at bay.
Countries often pose tests to each other, asking the other side to show the depth of their strategic love. Until recently, India and Vietnam were failing each other's tests.
India had seen a planned $5 billion Tata Steel plant in Vietnam as a test given evidence that Beijing, using a front company, was the obstacle. When the plant foundered, industry sources say, Hanoi stepped in and Tata Power wound up with a $3.8 billion thermal power project in "record time."
Vietnam, in turn, begged for the Brahmos cruise missile as it desperately needed a ship-killer to counter China's naval superiority. Until last year, the other Brahmos partner Russia had declined to allow the sale. After Moscow gave the green signal, it was up to India.
Read: India to strengthen defence cooperation with Vietnam
New Delhi, say official sources, have now told the Vietnamese that they would be provided "anything they wanted militarily" - Brahmos included. However, India was in the process of negotiating its entry into the Missile Control Technology Regime, a global technology denial regime for 300-km plus range missiles that had so far kept India out. Once it got into the MTCR, India would have access to top-end missile and rocket technology and greater ability to export the same. Message to Hanoi: the missile is yours once we're in. A civil nuclear agreement could follow when India joins another technology denial regime, the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Jay Ranade, head of the Centre for China Analysis and Strategy, says that "At the very least, India should begin negotiations with Vietnam. This would in any case take some time and would allow us to, one, monitor developments on the Chinese front and, two, send a message to Beijing."
India also wants to diversify its investment portfolio in Vietnam. New Delhi is concerned that it will be unable to join the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement presently being negotiated and wants to use Vietnam, a likely member, to serve as a gateway into the TPP market later on. The two sides also had informal talks about a possible trilateral with Japan, another strategic hedge that both sides are considering.
China will be unhappy, say sources, but as the recent Chinese nuclear submarine docking in Sri Lanka showed, India's sense is that it will need a Vietnam to give a similar naval poke to China as and when needed.

Unmanned supply rocket for space station explodes on liftoff: Nasaprint
An unmanned Antares rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad in Virginia on Tuesday, marking the first accident since Nasa turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station.
The 14-story rocket, built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp, blasted off its seaside launch pad at the Wallops Flight Facility at 6:22pm EDT/2222 GMT carrying a Cygnus cargo ship bound for the space station. It appeared to burst into flames moments later, then plunged to the ground in a huge ball of fire and smoke, but authorities said no one was hurt.
The six crew members in orbit aboard the space station - two Nasa astronauts, one from the European Space Agency and three Russian cosmonauts - were informed of the accident, Nasa spokesman Dan Huot said.
With a Russian cargo ship due to reach the space station on Wednesday shortly after a separate launch from Kazakhstan, the loss of the Cygnus vessel posed no immediate supply shortage for the orbiting team.
"There was no cargo that was absolutely critical" aboard Cygnus, Nasa Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier said.
 The White House said President Barack Obama also was briefed.
Orbital Sciences stock fell 15.5 percent to a two-month low of $25.65 in after-hours trading.
The cause of the mishap was not immediately known, Huot said. He said there were no reports of any personnel in the vicinity of the explosion.
Orbital Sciences said in a statement: "We've confirmed that all personnel have been accounted for. We have no injuries in the operation today."
The spacecraft was carrying "some classified cryptographic equipment, so we do need to maintain the area around the debris in a secure manner," said Mike Pinkston, the company's Antares program manager.
The National Security Agency had no immediate comment on the classified equipment reported to be aboard the cargo ship.
NASA launch control said damage appeared to be limited to the launch facility and rocket. The Antares rocket has been launched successfully on four previous missions.
"This has been a lot of hard work to get to this point," Orbital Sciences Executive Vice President Frank Culbertson told the launch team just before liftoff.
Footage of the launch broadcast on Nasa TV showed the Antares rising slowly into the night sky as flames suddenly engulfed the rocket, from the bottom to the top, and the vehicle sank back downward in an enormous conflagration.
Ronda Miller, manager of the Ocean Deli in Wallops Island, Virginia, told Reuters she felt the force of the blast from the eatery, about 5 miles (8 km) from the launch pad.
'It shook the whole building'
"We were standing outside waiting for it to launch and we saw bright red, and then we saw a big black cloud, and it shook the whole building where we work at," Miller said. "And then I came back in to work and seen fire trucks going every which way."
The launch had been delayed one day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket's intended flight path.
Virginia-based Orbital Sciences is one of two companies hired by Nasa to fly cargo to the station after the space shuttles were retired.
Tuesday's planned flight was to be the third of eight under the company's $1.9 billion contract with Nasa.
The second US supply line to the station is run by privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, which is preparing for its fourth flight under a separate $1.6 billion Nasa contract.
Outfitted with a new, more powerful upper-stage engine, the Antares rocket launched on Tuesday carried a Cygnus spacecraft packed with 5,055 pounds (2,293 kg) of supplies, science experiments and equipment, a 15 percent increase over previous missions.
The Cygnus capsule was the first of two cargo ships scheduled to head to the space station this week. Russia is preparing to launch a Soyuz rocket and Progress freighter from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday.
Cygnus was to loiter in orbit until Nov. 2, then fly itself to the station so astronauts can use a robotic crane to snare the capsule and attach it to a berthing port. The station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations, flies about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.
In addition to food, supplies and equipment, the Cygnus spacecraft was loaded with more than 1,600 pounds (725 kg) of science experiments, including an investigation to chemically analyze meteors as they burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
The Cygnus also carried a prototype satellite owned by Redmond, Washington-based startup Planetary Resources Inc., which is developing technology to mine asteroids. The satellite, designated A3, was to be released into space by a commercially owned small spacecraft launcher aboard the station.
Orbital Sciences is in the midst of merging with Alliant Techsystem Inc's Aerospace and Defense division, a deal that analysts expect to close sometime early next year. The company is competing for a number of Nasa missions or projects that will help fuel revenue over coming years.
The defense sector in general has been hit by cutbacks in federal spending in past years, but of the seven analysts who track Orbital Sciences, five had a "buy" or "strong buy" rating on the stock, and none recommended a "sell" before the mishap.
 

Devendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CMDevendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 16:37 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:12 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
Devendra Fadnavis will be the new chief minister of Maharashtra after he was elected the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s legislature party on Tuesday, as the party continued talks with former ally Shiv Sena on whether to form a government together.
Advertisement
Fadnavis is the first BJP chief minister of the state and will head a minority government if the party fails to strike a deal with the Sena.
He will be sworn in along with seven ministers on Friday at Wankhede Stadium.
At 44, Fadnavis will be the second youngest Maharashtra chief minister - next only to Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar, who was sworn in when he was 37 years old. Fadnavis will also be the first BJP CM in the politically crucial state.
Speaking in Marathi and Hindi as supporters went wild celebrating his elevation, Fadnavis credited the BJP's performance in the assembly polls to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, party president Amit Shah and other colleagues.
"It will be a government of people… We will follow the path shown by Modiji," Fadnavis said after his selection.
"I thank the party for picking me, though there were other eligible people," he added.
Complications had cropped up after nearly 40 BJP legislators from the Vidarbha region - where the party won 44 seats in the assembly elections - openly backed Union minister Nitin Gadkari for the top job. Three MLAs even offered to quit in order to pave the way for Gadkari to get elected.
Amid the confusion, Gadkari met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat on Saturday. There were indications the BJP's parent body had endorsed Fadnavis as CM.
According to RSS insiders, Bhagwat wanted Gadkari to remain at the Centre, and Fadnavis to take the reins of the state. The RSS chief is believed to have advised Fadnavis to take major decisions after consulting Gadkari.
Fadnavis, whom Modi had described as "Nagpur's gift to the country" at an election rally, had headed the BJP in the state when it posted most impressive performances in both Lok Sabha and assembly polls.
Known to be a meticulous politician with a clean image, he has his roots in the RSS. The BJP CM-designate tore into the former Congress-NCP government during the election campaign, making the issue of corruption both a poll plank and an election promise.
An articulate politician, he is also credited with pushing the previous government into a corner over the alleged irrigation scam, which many say is primarily responsible for a spate of suicide by farmers in the parched Vidarbha region.
In a state dominated by Maratha politics and politicians, Fadnavis is also the only the second Brahmin to become the chief minister — after BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi .
Unlike some of those whose names were doing the rounds for chief ministership, Fadnavis has never held any ministerial position. Fadnavis’ detractors had highlighted his lack of administrative experience to edge him out of the race.
However, his clean public image and solid backing from the Modi-Shah combine helped the young leader from Nagpur emerge as the winner.
According to reports, just seven BJP ministers will take oath on Friday in an event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
To ally or not to ally
There is still no clarity, however, on whether the BJP will join hands with the Shiv Sena to form the government.
"BJP wants to take Sena along,"  JP Nadda, party-in-charge of Maharashtra, said on Tuesday.
The Sena has reached out to the BJP, striking a reconciliatory note in its bid to join the ministry that will take charge on Friday.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. Speculations are rife over whether they would join hands with the Sena, which has 63 MLAs.
One BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack on Sunday night. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
At present, the BJP, which is busy finalising its team of ministers, is not willing to concede the Sena's demands for key portfolios and an assurance that Vidarbha will not get statehood.
The BJP told the Sena on Sunday to drop all conditions and demands if it wished to participate in the government.
The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Sena fell apart ahead of the elections following a dispute over the sharing of seats.
That the Sena was softening its stand was clear when its mouthpiece, Saamna, said on Monday the party would support a BJP-led government as the party had got a mandate.
"We will have to keep our political differences aside and work with the BJP chief minister for the unity of Maharashtra. We have kept ourselves together even in difficult circumstances and it will be better if it remains so," said the editorial in Saamna, which is regarded as the view of Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
The NCP weakened the Sena's case further when Pawar said in an interview that his party would abstain from a trust vote, if there was one.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has already extended support from outside to the BJP, which is still undecided on accepting it.
 
Meanwhile, some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
(With agency inputs)

http://usat.ly/1ry0lo1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Is McDonald's back in Super Bowl?
McDonald's, an iconic Super Bowl advertiser that has sat out for years, may be back in 2015's Big Game. According to a report in the Wall Street Journal, which McDonald's declined to confirm, McDonald's is
Post to Facebook
Is McDonald's back in Super Bowl? McDonald's, an iconic Super Bowl advertiser that has sat out for years, may be back in 2015's Big Game. According to a report in the Wall Street Journal, which McDonald's declined to confirm, McDonald's is Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wzTHD0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Is McDonald's back in Super Bowl?
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 4:26 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
DATE TAKEN: rcvd 1989--- A frame grab from a 1993 McDonalds Superbowl commercial  starring Michael Jordan and Larry Bird.
(Photo: McDonald's)
28 CONNECT 76 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
McDonald's -- once an iconic Super Bowl advertiser but out of The Big Game for years -- may be back in 2015.
McDonald's declined to confirm, but also did not dispute, a report in the Wall Street Journal that the chain will roll out a new ad campaign early next year that could be kicked off with a 60-second Super Bowl commercial.
While still under the "I'm Lovin' It" umbrella, the new campaign would focus on positive things in a world of Internet hate. The slogan: "Lovin' Beats Hatin'," according to the report.
"We're always working with our partners on great new creative," said Lisa McComb, a McDonald'spokeswoman, in an email to USA TODAY.  "It's highly speculative and premature to talk about Super Bowl ads and future campaigns for next year,"
For McDonald's, an image boost is urgent. Third quarter earnings fell a worse-than-expected 30%. Domestic same-store sales have been heading south and  fell 4.1% in September — the worst monthly decline in more than a decade.
First new Super Bowl advertiser: Mophie
For Chipotle- and Five Guys-loving Millennials, who are equally value the ingredients in their food as its taste, McDonald's is increasingly the odd-chain out.  The image decline among Millennials even nudged McDonald's last week to post a new Internet campaign that aims to quash misconceptions about the ingredients in its food.  One video features Grant Imahara, the former co-host of "MythBuster" visiting a McDonald's meat supplier and even asking line workers about rumors such as "pink slime."
Last week, after the dismal third quarter earnings report, McDonald's CEO Don Thompson said the marketing message is going to change.
It's about time, says one advertising consultant, who suggests that a move by McDonald's back to the Super Bowl would be a big first step. "They need to re-associate themselves with being one of the great American past times -- eating food that tastes good and is fun," says Allison Cohen, president of the ad consulting firm PeopleTalk. "If Taco Bell can do it, why can't McDonald's?"
But the re-branding must be followed, she says, with food-specific ads relevant to the way particularly Millennials eat. The campaign also needs to involve consumers via social media, she adds.
Perhaps McDonald's most famous Super Bowl spot was one in 1993 that featured basketball greats Michael Jordan and Larry Bird playing an impossible game of H-O-R-S-E for a Big Mac.  The ad is widely regarded as one of the best-ever Super Bowl spots.
But in recent years, McDonald's has opted to advertise before the Super Bowl, but not during the game when ad costs are at a premium.
The Super Bowl will be broadcast Feb. 1 on NBC.  Media buyers say some 30-second slots are going or as high as $4.5 million.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wzTHD0
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1wAuDvEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Apple vs. Retail - who wins mobile payment war?
LOS ANGELES - For years, analysts have predicted that paying for goods with your smartphone was going to be the next big thing. Apple, which launched its mobile payment system last week, already claims it's
Post to Facebook
Apple vs. Retail - who wins mobile payment war? LOS ANGELES - For years, analysts have predicted that paying for goods with your smartphone was going to be the next big thing. Apple, which launched its mobile payment system last week, already claims it's Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wAuDvE
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
28
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Apple vs. Retail - who wins mobile payment war?
Video Keywords CVS Bed Bath & Beyond Wal-Mart iPhone new iPhone Rite Aid Bloomingdale's credit card fees payment transaction Walgreen Macy's payment system CBS McDonald's Los Angeles
Apple is forging ahead with its push to have shoppers pay for goods with iPhones, despite Big Retail's pushback. Who will win the war? USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham reports. Sean Fujiwara
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  You may have heard how apples in a tussle with
00:05  big retailers like CBS and others over its new mobile payment
00:09  system that lets you paper goods. With derive them. The early
00:13  reviews for apple pay our raves and big retail feels very
00:17  threatened he wants its own cheaper mobile payment system. Meanwhile you're
00:22  hearing all the squabbles and you wanna run out and give
00:25  mobile payment and try. What guess what mobile pay is here
00:28  but you'll have to work really hard to find it. You'll
00:32  be the new iPhone sixers six plus to use apple pay
00:34  it just a handful of stores. Yes whole foods McDonald's Walgreen
00:39  subway Macy's and Bloomingdale's. But noted the biggest stores Wal-Mart Sears
00:45  best line the gap. Bed, Bath & Beyond and of course
00:49  CVS and Rite Aid which it disabled all mobile payments from
00:52  the cash registers. So why the hire well let's look at
00:56  the advantages and let's begin with you don't have to fumble
00:59  for your credit card. It's more secure the payment transaction goes
01:03  through your fingerprint. And it's way faster so why is big
01:07  retail concerned about apple today. Will they see their own mobile
01:11  payment program as a way to erase years of credit card
01:14  fees which take two to 3% of every transaction. I think.
01:18  That at the wal marts in CBS's reddy's are gonna it's
01:23  really is pushed Apple's got well over. A 150. Million. Iphones
01:29  in use just in the US at any given time. That's
01:33  a pretty large lobbying force that goes into. This shares of
01:37  the world many others and says. You know look I wanna
01:41  use apple. Apple says over one million credit cards have been
01:45  added to the apple pay apple already. Net used apple paid
01:48  your iPhone just look for the NFC logo on the pinhead
01:51  at the retail store. From Los Angeles I'm Jeff Ingram.
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 9:03 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Apple Pay is demonstrated at Apple headquarters on Oct. 16 in Cupertino, Calif.
(Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP)
122 CONNECT 84 TWEET 40 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES — The topic of mobile payments — and specifically, Apple Pay — is so hot that it helped the stock of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba become the latest to blow past $100 a share, before closing just below it.
The stock's rise on Tuesday was tied to comments made by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma during a conference Monday in California. Ma said he'd be receptive to working with Apple on a mobile payments system. Alibaba owns Alipay, a payment service that has its own mobile payments system.
For years, analysts have predicted that paying for goods with a smartphone was going to be the next big thing. Apple, which launched its mobile payment system last week, already claims it is No. 1, registering 1 million credit cards in just three days.
"We've been told by MasterCard and Visa that if you summed up everyone else in mobile payments, we're already No. 1," Apple CEO Tim Cook said at the WSJDLive conference here, where Ma also spoke.
But Apple Pay is only available at a handful of retailers, including Whole Foods Market, McDonald's and Macy's. To grow, Apple will have to convince more retailers to sign on.
Apple's Cook says Apple Pay already huge hit
Big retail is developing a competing system set for launch in 2015, one it hopes will help the industry avoid steep credit card processing fees and help it with customer loyalty programs and other consumer data. And Google, meanwhile has laid the groundwork for its Google Wallet, which is accepted at many stores but has yet to find much consumer acceptance.
Alibaba chief says he's open to Apple partnership
So which system will ultimately win?  And will more big retailers give in and start accepting Apple Pay?
Analysts are pondering such questions in the wake of the decision by CVS and Rite Aid to disable in-store mobile payment pinpads — initially set up for Google Wallet — because iPhone owners were using them with Apple Pay.
"They'll cave," says Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin. "The demand from the consumer to use Apple Pay will be just too great."
Walmart, Best Buy, Sears and others are part of the Merchant Customer Exchange, which is developing its own mobile payment system, CurrentC. It is being tested in Minnesota. Unlike Apple Pay, which works only with the latest iPhones and a built-in NFC chip, any smartphone would work with CurrentC using a QR code to secure the transaction.
Walmart said MCX members "believe merchants are in the best position to provide a mobile solution because of their deep insights into their customers' shopping and buying experiences."
Can big retail make credit card fees go away? James Anderson, a senior vice-president with MasterCard, doubts it.
"If they want to execute this new plan, go for it, and good luck," he says. By not accepting Apple Pay, "they make a decision that could upset their customer base. That's a brave decision to make."
Apple, retailers at odds over mobile payments
Deepika Pandey, a group vice president with Walgreens, says mobile payments at the pharmacy chain have doubled since Apple Pay launched. "We're very happy with the results," she says. The company has been working with Google since it launched Google Wallet.
Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, says there is no motivation for consumers to use the competing MCX program.
"The odds of it being successful is about 1%," he says. "This is not a technology game, it's about getting customers to use it. Apple has a powerful way to get people involved."
Alibaba shares closed up 1.9%, to $99.68 and had been as high as $100.67 during the day. At its Sept. 18 initial public offering, shares were initially priced at $68 a share.
Follow Jefferson Graham on Twitter.
(Contributing: Matt Krantz.)
122 CONNECT 84 TWEET 40 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wAuDvE

http://usat.ly/ZXmaa7FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
GM CEO: 2016 Volt gets U.S. drivetrain, Detroit debut
A $240-million investment at the Warren transmission plant will enable General Motors to make the electric drive for the next-generation Chevrolet Volt here in Michigan, rather than Mexico, CEO Mary Barra will
Post to Facebook
GM CEO: 2016 Volt gets U.S. drivetrain, Detroit debut A $240-million investment at the Warren transmission plant will enable General Motors to make the electric drive for the next-generation Chevrolet Volt here in Michigan, rather than Mexico, CEO Mary Barra will Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u3yL9J
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM CEO: 2016 Volt gets U.S. drivetrain, Detroit debut
Mark Phelan and Greg Gardner, Detroit Free Press 5:36 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Chevrolet Volt Chief Engineer Andrew Farah and his team have been driving camouflaged 2016 Volts to validate ride, handling and power-train performance.The new Volt goes on sale next year using all-U.S.-made drivetrain, improved batteries for longer range, quieter gasoline engine and new body. The electric drivetrain system has been made in Mexico.
(Photo: Chris Guddeck for Chevrolet)
16 CONNECT 38 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The 2016 Chevrolet Volt, on sale in the second half of 2015, will go further on battery power, accelerate quicker and provide a quieter-running gasoline engine, General Motors CEO Mary Barra said Tuesday.
GM will unveil the new Volt at the North American International Auto Show in January.
Barra acknowledged she is disappointed that Volt has sold better, but said electrified cars are a must as fuel economy regulations ratchet up toward the equivalent of 40 mpg in combined city/highway driving on the new-car window sticker.
Barra also said production of the new Volt's electric-drive portion of the car's gasoline-electric hybrid configuration will be moved to Warren, Mich., from Mexico. That'll give the extended-range electric Volt about 70% U.S. content, GM figures, from about 50% now.
In a speech Tuesday at the Detroit Economic Club, Barra  said GM will invest $240 million at Flint, and another $300 million elsewhere in Michigan before year's end, but details on that must wait until later.
The Flint investment will protect 160 jobs, plant manager Mike Dulaney said.
The Volt gets a new gasoline engine, too -- 1.5-liter four-cylinder from a new-generation of GM small-displacement engines, replacing the somewhat coarse 1.4-liter the Volt currently uses.  The 1.5-liter will burn regular gasoline; the 1.4 burns premium.
The gas engine mainly runs to charge the batteries and keep the car running on its electric motor. In rare circumstances the gasoline engine can directly power the car.
The Volt, which can is rated to go 38 miles on a fully charged battery before it needs a recharge or help from the gas engine. GM has sold 69,000 Volts since the car went on sale in 2010, including 14,540 through September this year.
The improvements should make the car more appealing to some buyers, but electric vehicles will have a hard time getting much traction as long as gasoline prices remain low.
"More range and more power are good," IHS senior analyst Stephanie Brinley said. "The big question is how much cost GM pulled out of the Volt, and how that affects consumers' bottom line."
Prices for the 2015 Volt start at $34,170. The prices for the 2016 Volt likely won't be announced until after the Volt's debut at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit in January.
Chevy won't disclose the car's electric range and mileage until closer to the Volt's debut, but the efficiency increases should be in the range of 5% to 12%. Acceleration will improve 20%.
Those improvements address Volt owners' main wishes, said Pam Fletcher, chief engineer of GM electric vehicles.
Current Volt owners do about 80% of their daily driving on electric power, Fletcher said. Chevrolet hopes the improvements, which include a new battery that packs more power into less space, will boost that to 90%.
The Volt's exterior design, interior and other features also get a make-over for 2016.
Contributing: James R. Healey, USA TODAY.
16 CONNECT 38 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u3yL9J
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Sensex Rises Above 27 000; Nifty Inches Toward 8 100You are here: Home Market
Sensex Rises Above 27,000; Nifty Inches Toward 8,100
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 09:28 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty moved higher today, buoyed by a rally in global markets. The Sensex rose over 150 points to hit 27,059 while Nifty rose to 8,081.05 at its day's high.
The gains were broad-based with all the sectoral indices on the BSE moving higher. The breadth of the market was positive with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent.
Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the U.S. Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.7 per cent, led by a 1.2 per cent rise in South Korean shares while Japan's Nikkei share average rose 1.4 per cent.
US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 coming less than two per cent below its record peak set last month.
The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to recover.
Still Fed officials have also stressed they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
(With Agency Inputs)

See positive opening: Maximus SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See positive opening: Maximus Securities
According to Maximus Securities, trading of CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates that the Nifty could rise 40.50 points at the opening bell.
Post your opinion here
 
Maximus Securities' derivative report:
Nifty PCR-OI has increased to 1.13 from 1.06. Rise in the ratio may be due to increase in PE of 8050 and decrease in CE of 8000.
PE of 8000 and CE of 8000 are highest number of contracts traded.
Trading of CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates that the Nifty could rise 40.50 points at the opening bell. A two-day meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) on US monetary policy review ends today. The Fed is expected to announce the end of quantitative easing after the meeting.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Markets to open on positive note: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Markets to open on positive note: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, the markets to open on a positive note on positive global cues.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' market report:
Sensex, on Tuesday, gained 128 points and closed at 26,880 ahead of the two-day US Federal Reserve Open Market Committee meet, better than expected earnings of Ranbaxy and in anticipation of an earlier than expected rate cut by RBI which boosted sentiments. Among sectors, Healthcare, Power, Consumer Durables, PSU and Bankex gained the most. Among stocks, Sun Pharma, Cipla, Tata Power, SBI and GAIL ended on a strong note. Market breadth was positive with 1,487 advances against 1,400 declines.
Nifty gained 36 points and closed at 8,028. Today we expect the markets to open on a positive note on positive global cues. Cautiousness may prevail if the names of all the black money account holders are disclosed today.
 
US markets ended the day on a positive note. Dow Jones and Nasdaq were both up by 1.12 percent and 1.74 percent respectively on strong earnings flow and expectations that the Fed may announce the end of bond-buying stimulus program but delay the interest rate hike. US markets, today, will see data releases on statement by FOMC and Federal Funds Rate.
Asian markets are trading on a positive note with Nikkei up 1.38 percent and Hang Seng up 1 percent on positive earnings reports. SGX Nifty is trading up 39 points at 8,077. Indian ADRs ended the day on a positive note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank gained 1.97 percent each. Among IT ADRs, Wipro gained 0.94 percent and Infosys 1.26 percent. Tata Motors gained 3.9 percent.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Dollar holds steady ahead of Fed  Swedish crown bruised by rate cutDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Goldcrest Corporation reports standalone net profit of Rs 1.23 crore in the September 2014 quarterThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Supreme Court pulls up Centre over black money  asks it to submit full list of names todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India ranks 142 in Ease of Doing Business reportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian origin man kills wife  two daughters  selfThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Box Office Collections: How  Kaththi- Happy New Year  Rule The Bangalore Market!Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PI Industries Q2 Revenue down 7.8%PI Industries Q2 Revenue down 7.8%
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 29, 2014 09:10 IST
Earnings per share for the quarter stood at Rs 3.56, registering 11.44% decline over previous year period.
 
 
PI Industries, a leading Indian Agri-Input and Custom Synthesis company announced its financial result  for the quarter ended September 2014. During the quarter, the profit of the company declined 11.43% to Rs 489.70 million from Rs 552.90 million in the same quarter last year.
Net sales for the quarter declined 7.82% to Rs 4,265.50 million, compared with Rs 4,627.60 million for the prior year period.
Earnings per share for the quarter stood at Rs 3.56, registering 11.44% decline over previous year period.
Mayank Singhal, Managing Director & CEO said, "Performance during the first half has followed subdued indicators of the Kharif season for the domestic business whereas momentum in customs synthesis exports was muted in line with our operating plan. Outlook for H2 is optimistic on the back of strong order book of customs synthesis exports and better Rabi season on the domestic front."
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 08:38 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

DHFL to acquire 50% stake in Pramerica Asset ManagersDHFL to acquire 50% stake in Pramerica Asset Managers
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 29, 2014 09:16 IST
DHFL Pramerica Life Insurance Company has serves the life insurance needs of customers across cities and towns in India.
 
 
Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Limited (DHFL) and Prudential Financial, Inc. (PFI) announced that they have agreed to form an asset management joint venture, with DHFL acquiring a 50 percent stake in Pramerica Asset Managers Pvt. Ltd., PFI's asset management business in India. Last year, DHFL and PFI joined forces to create a life insurance joint venture, DHFL Pramerica Life Insurance Company, which serves the life insurance needs of customers across cities and towns in India.
Under the terms of the new asset management joint venture agreement, each company will own 50 percent of the business. The joint venture company will be renamed DHFL Pramerica Asset Managers Pvt. Ltd., following regulatory approvals and closure of the transaction.
DHFL is India's second largest private housing finance company with a focus on enabling financial access to lower and middle income customers through its wide network across the country. PFI, is a U.S.-headquartered global financial services company which does business under the trade name Pramerica in select countries outside the United States.  PFI ranks among the world's top 10 institutional asset managers, based on assets as of December 31, 2013, according to Pensions & Investments' annual money manager survey.
Kapil Wadhawan, Chairman and Managing Director, DHFL said, "In line with DHFL's vision of enabling financial access to all Indians, especially the low and middle income customers, we forayed into life insurance through a joint venture partnership with Pramerica. Today, I am pleased that DHFL's relationship with Pramerica is being further strengthened, with the forging of our joint venture partnership in the asset management business. We shall now be able to provide quality asset management products and solutions, specially designed for the low and middle income customers. I believe that we can significantly enhance financial inclusion and wealth building at the grassroots level by distributing these products through DHFL's wide network."
Glen Baptist, President, Pramerica International Investments said, "We are pleased to form this partnership with DHFL, bringing together PFI's expertise in investment management as a top 10 global asset manager, and DHFL's local market knowledge and distribution network, to position our business in India for success over the long term. This new venture demonstrates our ongoing commitment to India, and we jointly intend to invest in the business to bring new ideas and solutions to meet the investment needs of our institutional and retail clients across India. DHFL's distribution network will enhance our ability to offer a broader array of products and services to a wider range of customers and clients. We look forward to continuing to serve the long-term investment needs of our clients."

Facebook Q3 profit jumps 59%Facebook Q3 profit jumps 59%
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 29, 2014 08:39 IST
The company's net income increased to $806 mn in the third quarter
 
Facebook has reported a 59% jump in third-quarter revenue.
Facebook reportedly said that revenue in the three months ended Sept. 30 was at $3.2 bn, up 59% from $2.02 billion in the year-ago period. 
The company's net income increased to $806 mn in the third quarter.
Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner reported that the social network is preparing for a 55% to 75 per cent spike in expenses next year.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 08:38 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Dr Reddy s Laboratories launches Sirolimus TabletsAccountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

People usually don`t invest where there is a problem (even if its a sh...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Be alert. will hit lc at any time.New Member
0 Follower
buy avance tec its bse listed company. avance tec life high is 265rs when face value is 10rs hot news about avance tec is make 100cr rs stock @1.50rs. hot news about avance tec is got j.v with gogle for project of wonderorbit and wonderorbit have 100000loke in face book. upcomeing result is very profitble do not miss it buy it quickly
10.28 AM Oct 29th

Buy 990 995 1000 1005 s/l 983Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex up 126 points on global cuesSensex surges 217 points on sustained FII buying, firm global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await outcome of Fed policy meet
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 0.8 per cent on continued buying by participants amid good quarterly earnings and a firm trend overseas as investors await the outcome of the US Federal Reserve policy meeting.
Besides, covering-up of short positions by speculators ahead of monthly expiry in the derivatives segment, supported the rally.
World stocks rose on Wednesday, lifted by strong corporate earnings and investor optimism that the US Federal Reserve won’t raise interest rates for some time, even as it is expected to officially wind down its bond-buying stimulus programme.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 217.35 points to end at 27,098.17 and the 50-share NSE index jumped 62.85 points to close at 8,090.45.
Sectoral indices
Barring healthcare and banking, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, realty index gained the most by 2.97 per cent, followed by metal 2.63 per cent, auto 1.79 per cent and IT 1.47 per cent. On the other hand, healthcare index was down 0.29 per cent and banking 0.23 per cent.
Gainers, losers
Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Infosys and SSLT were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were NTPC, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's, Bharti Airtel and SBIN.
Sustained FII buying
Brokers said besides sustained buying by investors on hopes of further reforms and encouraging earnings by some more blue-chip companies, covering-up of short positions by speculators in view of tomorrow’s monthly expiry in the derivatives segment, influenced the trading sentiment.
In addition, a firm trend in global markets following overnight gains in the US, accelerated buying activity on the domestic bourses here, they said.
European shares
Europe’s main indices followed the overnight lead from Wall Street and Asia, although the third-quarter earnings reports out of Europe were not quite as solid as those from the United States.
The dollar was under light selling pressure and major government bond yields were marginally lower, as currency and fixed income markets anticipated a soothing message from the Fed when it ends its two-day policy meeting later in the day.
Around Europe, the UK’s FTSE 100 index was up 0.7 per cent, Germany’s DAX index up 0.7 per cent, and France’s CAC 40 up 0.1 per cent.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 1.1 per cent and Japan’s Nikkei share average climbed 1.5 per cent.
The Fed is widely expected to announce that it will end its two-year-old stimulus programme known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to gather momentum. The Fed started buying bonds as far back as late 2008.
Still, Fed officials have also stressed that they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

E-commerce: Top investments in 2014E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Xiaomi to set up data centre to address security concernsNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 19:17 IST
Xiaomi to set up data centre to address security concerns
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Xiaomi has sold about half-a-million Redmi devices and 1.2 lakh Mi3 handsets this year. Photo: Kamal Narang
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Chinese handset maker Xiaomi, trying to assuage consumers’ fear over security of their data, on Monday, said it planned to set up data centres in India by next year to host services and store data locally.
The move comes soon after reports of the Indian Air Force issuing directive, asking its personnel not to buy Xiaomi smartphones citing security concerns.
Xiaomi has already partnered Amazon Web Services to migrate services and corresponding data of all international users (including from India) from the Beijing data centre to the U.S. and Singapore. The process is expected to be completed by the end of 2014.
“In 2015, we plan to launch a local data centre in India to serve the needs of (and store data for) our Indian users,” the company said.
Xiaomi, which entered India in July , created a stir in the smartphone market with its low priced but feature-rich smartphones. It sells through ecommerce major Flipkart, and is estimated to have sold about half a million Redmi devices and 1.2 lakh Mi3 handsets.
“These efforts help significantly improve the performance of our services and also provide some peace of mind for users in India, ensuring that we treat their data with utmost care and the highest privacy standards,” the company said.
Last week, the Indian Air Force had asked its IAF personnel and their families to desist from using Chinese ‘Xiaomi Redmi 1s’ phones as these are believed to be transferring data to their servers in China and could be a security risk. Xiaomi said they would engage with Indian authorities to address such concerns.
“There have been reports about an IAF circular claiming that Xiaomi phones are a security threat… we are attempting to reach Indian authorities to learn specifics,” the company said.
Security concerns over Xiaomi smartphones started cropping earlier this year, when security solutions provider F-Secure had, in a report, stated that Xiaomi Redmi 1S phone was sending data, including the user’s IMEI, phone number, and phone numbers of contacts added to the phone book to a remote server.
Xiaomi, however, has maintained that it collects data only with the user's permission to offer specific services like cloud.
“We do not collect any data associated with services such as Mi Cloud and Cloud Messaging until the user provides explicit consent by turning on the corresponding service(s). Even after users have turned on these services, they can turn them off at any point of time. We take rigorous precautions to ensure that all data is secured when uploaded to Xiaomi servers and is not stored beyond the time required,” Xiaomi said.
The company further stated it encrypts data using AES-128 standard before storing, which makes it ‘practically impossible’ for anyone to steal this information. “No single person, including Xiaomi employees, can decrypt user data stored in Mi Cloud, even if they get access to the hard drives,” it added.

Gold tumbles on sluggish demand; global cuesNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 15:39 IST
Gold tumbles on sluggish demand; global cues
PTI
gold and precious material
Gold prices tumbled by Rs. 350 to Rs. 27,450 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday following a long weekend and ending of festive season with demand drying up amidst a weak global trend.
Silver also eased by Rs. 35 to Rs. 38,200 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said fall in demand from jewellers and retailers due to end of festive season and a weak global trend where gold retreated from a six—week high as investors expected the Federal Reserve to end its bond—buying programme this week, eroding safe—haven demand, mainly pulled down precious metal prices here.
Markets remained closed on October 24 and 25 on account of “Vishwakarma Day” and “Bhai Dooj” respectively.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, lost 0.3 per cent to USD 1,227.51 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs. 350 each to Rs. 27,450 and Rs. 27,250 per ten gram respectively. It had lost Rs. 125 in the past two days.
Sovereign followed suit and shed Rs. 100 at Rs. 24,200 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs. 35 to Rs. 38,200 per kg, while weekly-based delivery rose by Rs. 20 to Rs. 38,020 per kg. Silver coins plummeted by Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 66,000 for buying and Rs. 67,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Sensex falls for 1st time in six daysSensex falls for 1st time in six days; Nifty ends below 8,000
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 17:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Monday retreated from one-month highs  and fell about 98 points to end at 26,752.90, logging its first drop in  six sessions, on losses in bluechips like HUL , Tata Motors and RIL and  caution ahead of the US Federal Reserve monetary policy meet.
The  NSE Nifty fell by about 23 points to end below the key 8,000-level as  investors booked profits. Mixed Asian and weak European trends, after  tepid German business confidence data, were also among factors that  affected sentiments today.
Shares of oil firms saw selling after  Goldman Sachs slashed 2015 oil price target. Alongwith Oil & Gas,  Realty, FMCG and Auto shares suffered the most while Consumer Durables,  Capital Goods, Banking and Power ended in the green.
The 30-share Sensex resumed firm on initial rise in Asian stocks but failed to cross 27K-mark, logging a high of 26,994.96.
Late  selling on bearish European opening pulled it down to settle at  26,752.90, recording a fall of 98.15 points or 0.37 per cent. The Sensex  had gained 851.71 points, or 3.28 per cent, in the previous five  sessions.
The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE fell back by 22.85 points, or 0.29 pe cent, to end at 7,991.70.
The  US Federal Open Market Committee will meet on Tuesday, October 28, 2014,  for two-day monetary policy review, expecting to end a long-running  stimulus programme.
Domestic investors preferred to book profits  and decided to play safe ahead of expiry of derivatives on October 30,  2014, leading to fall in share prices, said brokers.
Stocks of FMCG firm Hindustan Unilever fell about 4.75 per cent after it forecast a softer demand environment.
Shares of realty giant DLF slumped 7.84 per cent on concerns the company may face probe in Haryana land deals.
Bucking  the overall trend, stocks of companies involved in defence sector like  BEML rallied 5 per cent after projects worth Rs 80,000 crore were  cleared by the government.
HMT counter surged nearly 20 per cent  to touch its highest trading permissible limit for the day amid reports  that the company may get another lease of life.

L&T Wins Bid to Construct Statue of Unity for Rs. 2 979 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Statue of Unity to be Built by Larsen & Toubro in Nearly Rs 3,000 Crore Contract
Agencies | Updated On: October 28, 2014 17:06 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
The statue that's being designed as the world's tallest will be built by Larsen & Toubro (L&T). The 182-metre bronze statue of India's first Home Minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, a project championed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is intended to be twice the size of New York's 'Statue of Liberty'.
Larsen & Toubro won the contract for Rs 2,979 crore through a bidding process for the project referred to as the Statue of Unity, the company said. Turner Construction, which built the world's tallest skyscraper Burj Khalifa in Dubai, will act as consultant.
The statue will be located on a river island in Gujarat, about a two-hour drive from the city of Baroda, L&T's senior executive vice president SN Subrahmanyan told NDTV today. It will take 42 months to execute, he said. L&T has not compromised on margins or profitability to win the project, he added. ( Watch )
In July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced in his budget speech that the government has set aside Rs 200 crore to help fund the construction of the Statue of Unity.
Mr Modi launched the project half a year before he was elected prime minister in May to honour Sardar Patel. Many in Gujarat feel his legacy has been neglected by the Congress party.
Mr Modi had said that every Indian "regrets Sardar Patel did not become the first prime minister. Had he been the first prime minister, the country's fate and face would have been completely different."
(With inputs from Reuters)

Lupin Q2 Meets Estimates  Net Grows 55%You are here: Home Corporates
Lupin Q2 Meets Estimates, Net Grows 55%
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:39 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Generic drugmaker Lupin reported a 55 per cent jump in second-quarter profit beating analysts estimates, helped by robust sales in its domestic business and the United States, its largest market.
Lupin, India's second-largest drugmaker by market value, posted a net profit of Rs 630 crore for the quarter ended September 30, compared with Rs 406 crore a year earlier.
Analysts on average were expecting a profit of Rs 585 crores, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Lupin is trying to expand its business in the United States, and it had said that it was actively scouting for acquisitions.
Sources told Reuters earlier this month that Lupin was among a bunch of companies preparing to bid for a range of older drugs being auctioned by British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline. Lupin has previously declined to comment on specific targets.
Lupin shares ended 2.45 per cent lower at Rs 1,359 apiece underperforming the Nifty which ended with 0.45 per cent gains on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Keen to Diversify Oil Imports  Buy Crude From US: Petroleum MinisterIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: Hit by uncertainty over oil supplies from West Asia, the government is keen to diversify imports and wants to buy crude from the US, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has said.
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East - Iraq and Syria - as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Asia's second-biggest energy user, which spent $143 billion on import of crude oil in 2013-14, wants the US to extend its policy of allowing gas exports to crude oil as well.
"I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from the US, which currently does not allow oil exports," Mr Pradhan told PTI in Delhi.
India wants to reduce its reliance on the Middle East nations for meeting its oil needs and instead wants to tap Latin American countries including Mexico and Russia.
"We will look at Russia and Latin America too (for oil imports)."
Violence in Iraq and Syria has posed serious challenges to oil supplies. In 2013-14, Iraq supplied 24.63 million tonnes of oil or about 13.02 per cent of India's total oil purchases of 189.24 million tonnes.
India bought 31.73 million tonnes of oil from South America with Venezuela being the principal supplier at 21.58 million tonnes, followed by Columbia (6.31 million tonnes). It now wants to raise these imports.
Also, it wants to raise imports from Russia which are at a minuscule 0.08 million tonnes. Purchases from Mexico, which were 4.94 million tonnes in 2013-14, are planned to be raised.
"Procurement has to be diversified, taking into account the changing geopolitics in the world," Mr Pradhan added.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:46 (IST)

Maruti Launches New Swift With Enhanced Fuel EfficiencyYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Launches New Swift With Enhanced Fuel Efficiency
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:53 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Maruti Suzuki has launched a refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, priced between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The Maruti Suzuki Swift, which was first launched in the country in May 2005, has been re-introduced in both petrol and diesel variants.
"The Swift now comes with improved fuel efficiency of 10 per cent and a rich equipment list like push start button, a 60:40 split rear seat, electric retractable outside mirrors, reverse parking sensor and others," Maruti Suzuki executive director Marketing & Sales, R S Kalsi said in a statement.
With this change, the company retains the DNA of the Swift and yet add features to make the product more exciting, he added.
"The reborn Swift is a tribute to the bestseller of the industry and in line with Maruti Suzuki's commitment to the customers to keep refining our models and win their hearts," Mr Kalsi said.
The company has sold over 12 lakh Swift cars till date, he added.
According to Maruti, the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl (kilometer per litre), up by 10 per cent from the outgoing model while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variants has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl.
The introductory prices of the petrol variants of the car range between Rs 4.42 lakh and Rs 5.9 lakh, while the diesel versions of the car are priced between Rs 5.56 and Rs 6.95 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:38 (IST)

Raghuram Rajan to hold rates on Dec 2: AnalystsDespite Jaitley's call, Rajan to hold rates on December 2: Analysts
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 16:35 IST
RBI governor Raghuram  Rajan.
Foreign brokerages on Tuesday said Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan is unlikely to yield to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley 's call for a rate cut at the December 2 Policy review.
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting...Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts but it is unlikely to be swayed by the base effects-driven softening in inflation," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Analysts are expecting inflation to fall further in October and November on base effect. Inflation measured by consumer prices has been trending down for over four months, and came in at 6.7 per cent in September. The RBI has set a January 2015 CPI target of 8 per cent and 6 per cent for January 2016.
Its French peer BNP Paribas also said the RBI may not deliver a rate cut in its next meeting.
"Rate-cut speculation remains premature in our opinion, given the still uncomfortably high household inflation expectations, which need to be re-anchored to lock in lower inflation," it said in a note.
In an interview over the weekend, Jaitley had hinted that time was ripe for rate cut with inflation trending down.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," he had said in a media interview.
According to some analysts, the lower GDP growth in the September quarter (some expect to slip below 5 per cent), may put more pressure on the RBI to deliver a rate cut.
"Against this backdrop of weak growth and falling inflation, the Reserve Bank is likely to face mounting pressure to ease rates at the December 2 meeting. That said, the RBI will look past these base-effect swings to focus on anchoring inflationary expectations and ensuring medium-term stability," the DBS note said.
Opinion seems to be building up increasingly that Rajan may not do a rate cut at the December review. On Monday, Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) also said there may not be a cut in December.
But BofA-ML had said it saw the RBI cutting rates in February, once the 2015 inflation target of 8 per cent was achieved and the January 2016 target of 6 per cent looked achievable.
"We expect the Governor to sound more dovish in December and cut in February. After all, we see CPI inflation well set to meet the RBI's 8 per cent in January 2015 and 6 per cent in January 2016 (with normal rains) targets," BofA-ML said in a note.
DBS said other factors such as the new monetary policy framework will also be weighing in while taking a call on the rates.
"Any amendments in the inflation targets, and/or the establishment of a monetary policy committee to take rate decisions, will influence the direction of rates into the 2016 fiscal year," it said.

Radha Timblo denies having undisclosed foreign a/cBlack money: Radha Timblo denies having undisclosed foreign bank account
PTI     Panaji   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:08 IST
Radha Timblo (Photo: PTI)
Radha Timblo, a Goa-based miner whose name figures in the black money list submitted by the Centre in the Supreme Court, on Tuesday denied having any undisclosed bank account in the country or abroad.
On the affidavit filed before the SC on Monday, she said the matter in the affidavit was already settled and adjudicated. My conscience is very clear. We have paid all the taxes.
We have no undisclosed bank accounts in India or abroad, Timblo said. Timblo also said that though the firm has given political donations, they don't have any political affiliations.
We have no political affiliation. Making official donations to political parties is not a crime, she said.
Names of Dabur group promoter Pradip Burman , Rajkot-based bullion dealer Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited and its five Directors - Mrs Radha S Timblo, Chetan Timblo, Rohan Timblo, Mrs Anna Timblo and Mrs Mallika Timblo - figured in the affidavit filed in the apex court on Monday by the government as part of its drive to unearth blackmoney abroad.
Timblo Private Limited, a mining firm, had also figured in the reports of Justice M B Shah Commission and the Centrally-Empowered Committee that probed illegal mining in Goa.

 Rajan Seen Holding Rates on December 2: AnalystsIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Mumbai: Foreign brokerages on Tuesday said Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan is unlikely to yield to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's call for a rate cut at the December 2 policy review.
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting... Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts but it is unlikely to be swayed by the base effects-driven softening in inflation," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Analysts are expecting inflation to fall further in October and November due to base effect. Inflation measured by consumer prices has been trending down for over four months. It came in at 6.7 per cent in September. The RBI has set a January 2015 CPI (consumer price index) target of 8 per cent and 6 per cent for January 2016.
Its French peer BNP Paribas also said the RBI may not deliver a rate cut in its next meeting.
"Rate-cut speculation remains premature in our opinion, given the still uncomfortably high household inflation expectations, which need to be re-anchored to lock in lower inflation," it said in a note.
In an interview over the weekend, Mr Jaitley had hinted that time was ripe for a rate cut with inflation trending down.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," he had said in a media interview. ( Read more )
According to some analysts, the lower GDP growth in the September quarter (some expect to slip below 5 per cent) may put more pressure on the RBI to go ahead with a rate cut.
"Against this backdrop of weak growth and falling inflation, the Reserve Bank is likely to face mounting pressure to ease rates at the December 2 meeting. That said, the RBI will look past these base-effect swings to focus on anchoring inflationary expectations and ensuring medium-term stability," the DBS note said.
Opinion seems to be building up increasingly that Mr Rajan may not do a rate cut at the December review. On Monday, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch also said there may not be a cut in December.
But BofA-ML had said it saw the RBI cutting rates in February, once the 2015 inflation target of 8 per cent was achieved and the January 2016 target of 6 per cent, looked achievable.
(Read: Expect RBI to cut rates in February: BofA-ML )
"We expect the Governor to sound more dovish in December and cut in February. After all, we see CPI inflation well set to meet the RBI's 8 per cent in January 2015 and 6 per cent in January 2016 (with normal rains) targets," BofA-ML said in a note.
DBS said that other factors like the new monetary policy framework will also be weighing in while taking a call on the rates.
"Any amendments in the inflation targets, and/or the establishment of a monetary policy committee to take rate decisions, will influence the direction of rates into the 2016 fiscal year," it said.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 17:12 (IST)

PM Modi docks into Ganga riverside ports ideaNarendra Modi govt to build ports, industrial clusters along river Ganga
Rohit Vaid     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 19:37 IST
A devotee immerses an idol of the Hindu elephant god Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, in the waters of river Ganga during the ten-day-long Ganesh Chaturthi festival in Kolkata August 31, 2014.. Photo: Reuters
The reform-minded Narendra Modi government is considering riverside ports at major cities and industrial clusters on the Ganga to boost its 'Make in India' initiative.
Converting waterways into commerce way is now a priority for the government, a senior official told IANS.
For this, a detailed Request for Qualification (RFQ) tender will soon be issued to private players who are ready to manage and successfully run the system.
Port infrastructure is planned at cities like Varanasi, Allahabad and Patna among others, the official added. The development comes following Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari's calculation which placed river transportation as the most cost-effective.
The government will initially put in the capital required for constructing the infrastructure, while private players will manage the business aspect and share the revenue with the government.
"If it costs Rs.1.50 per km to transport goods by road, it costs less than Rs.1 by rail and this comes down to only Rs.0.50 when goods are transported through the inland waterways," Gadkari had told IANS earlier at a conference here.
The industry agrees, stating that inland waterways are substantially underused and such a development will help in further developing the sector.
"Inland waterways in India are substantially underused by international standards and so the government is quite right to pursue this policy direction," Julian Michael Bevis, senior director, group relations, South Asia for The Maersk Group, told IANS.
Bevis' views are corroborated by Adil Zaidi, director, government and transaction advisory services, Ernst & Young, who said that a policy in this regard with standard bidding documents will help in mitigating risks and ease regulatory issues.
"Ports are being proposed to be developed along the riverside systems across India (like Mahanadi in Odisha and Sagar Island in West Bengal). A robust policy with standard bidding documents for such ports will help in mitigating risks and ease regulatory issues," Zaidi told IANS.
India has about 14,500 km of navigable waterways which comprise rivers, canals, backwaters and creeks.
About 55 million tonnes of cargo is moved annually by inland water transport (IWT). Around 23,684,728 metric tonnes (MT) of cargo moved on the national waterways-1, 2, 3, in 2012-13.
Cargo like cement, fly ash, iron ore, coal, steel shed, tyres, galvanized steel plain sheet, stone chips, furnace oil, diesel, lube oil, pulses, aluminium block, sand, petroleum products and timber are being majorly transported by IWT.
Currently, the IWT operations are restricted to a few stretches in the Ganga-Bhagirathi-Hooghly rivers, the Brahmaputra, the Barak, the river systems in Goa, the backwaters of Kerala, and the deltaic regions of the Krishna-Godavari rivers.
Besides organised operations by mechanised vessels, country-made boats of various capacities also operate in these rivers and canals, ferrying cargo and passengers in the unorganised sector.

No Extension for PNB CMD K R KamathYou are here: Home Corporates
PNB Chairman, Managing Director Kamath Fails to Get Extension
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 21:59 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: The government has not given extension to Punjab National Bank (PNB) chairman and managing director K R Kamath after completion of his five-year term in the PSU bank on Monday.
As per government rules, CMDs and directors are appointed in public sector entities for a period of five years or up to the age of 60, whichever is earlier.
Mr Kamath, who joined PNB in October 2009, had another 13 months to superannuation.
Prior to joining the state-run lender, he was CMD of Allahabad Bank.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 21:10 (IST)

Jubilant Life Sciences Posts Net Loss of Rs 94 Crore in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
Jubilant Life Sciences Posts Net Loss of Rs 94 Crore in Q2
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 21:42 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Jubilant Life Sciences on Tuesday posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 94.11 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014.
The company had posted a net loss of Rs 80.58 crore during the same period of previous fiscal year.
Net sales in the quarter under review stood at Rs 1,362.11 crore, down 4.36 per cent as compared to Rs 1,424.3 crore in the corresponding period a year ago, Jubilant Life Sciences said in a BSE filing.
"The company's performance in the quarter was affected mainly due to the continued impact of US FDA Warning letter on Spokane facility and adverse price impact on account of new capacities and regulatory changes in China in Advanced Intermediates business," Jubilant Life Sciences chairman and managing director Shyam S Bhartia said.
Overall expenses of the company rose 7.56 per cent to Rs 1,329.29 crore in the fiscal second quarter as against Rs 1,235.75 crore in Q2 FY'14.
During the quarter under review, revenue of pharmaceuticals segment declined 11.34 per cent to Rs 614.30 crore while revenue from life science ingredients segment rose 1.67 per cent to Rs 756.8 crore.
For the half year ended September 30, the company posted a net loss of Rs 89.33 crore as against net loss of Rs 133.20 crore in the year ago period.
Net sales of the company for the half year ended September 30 rose to Rs 2,822.64 crore as against Rs 2,742.34 crore in same period previous fiscal year.
Shares in Jubilant Life Sciences, on Tuesday, ended at Rs 165.80 apiece on the BSE, up 1.72 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 18:38 (IST)

Overseas Investors Can Buy up to 49% of Hero s Paid-Up Capital: RBIAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed foreign investors to buy up to 49 per cent of the paid-up capital in Hero MotoCorp Ltd.
"...Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital of Hero MotoCorp Ltd. (Earlier Hero Honda Motors Ltd.) under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," the RBI said in a notification.
The decision follows passage of a special resolution at board of directors and shareholders to enhance the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
FIIs held a 34.34 per cent in the company, as of the quarter ended September 2014.
The RBI monitors ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, the apex bank has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Shares in Hero MotoCorp, on Tuesday, ended at Rs 3,034.80 apiece on the BSE, down 1.68 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 18:38 (IST)

Infosys to Provide Banking Software Solutions to Philippines LenderYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys to Provide Banking Software Solutions to Philippines Lender
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 22:08 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: IT services major Infosys on Tuesday said it is providing banking software solutions to Philippines-based Bank of Makati, which recently transitioned into a savings bank.
Bank of Makati (BMI) has implemented Infosys' Finacle core banking solution to transform customer experience and drive growth at reduced costs, the firm said in a statement.
This deployment will enable BMI to better promote its business and housing loan products nationwide and also aggressively expand its customer base and loan volumes, it added.
It will also help BMI to procure business from the large pool of motorcycle loan borrowers by issuing special ATM cards, thereby converting them into retail banking customers.
BMI was the Philippines' largest rural bank before it became a savings bank. It is also a provider of motorcycle loans.
The transformation from the old legacy system to the Infosys Finacle Core Banking Solution began in September last year and the solution was taken live on June 1, 2014.
The new solution has improved automation and operational efficiency in daily transactions and reduced clearing processing time from four hours to less than 45 minutes.
Daily processes, such as record-keeping, end-of-day processing of transactions, clearing, settlement and reconciliation, which consumed several hours previously, are now handled locally at each branch in less than 15 minutes.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 21:36 (IST)

IBM Adds $5 Bn to Share Buyback ProgrammeYou are here: Home Corporates
IBM Adds $5 Billion to Share Buyback Programme
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 23:14 (IST)
IBM Corp said its board had approved a $5 billion share buyback in addition to the $1.4 billion remaining from its existing programme.
The company has been criticised for pursuing buybacks at the expense of investment in new technology.
IBM spent $13.5 billion to repurchase stock in the first nine months of the year, more than double its net income.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

E-Commerce Cannot be Back-Door Entry to Multi-Brand Retail: Trade MinisterIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
London: The government said on Tuesday that it is conscious to not allow e-commerce to become an avenue for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the much sought-after multi-brand retail sector.
"There has been a lot of talk on e-commerce. We are conscious that e-commerce should not become a back door entry for multi-brand retail," Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
She, however, clarified that she was not "pronouncing any policy on e-commerce".
Referring to India's largest e-retailer and its so-called 'Big Billion Day' sale earlier this month which had led to complaints, she said, "Post the Flipkart issue, a lot of inputs have come from concerned citizens, retailers and consumers and these complaints are being looked into."
"That does mean any investigation is going on into any particular e-commerce company," Ms Sitharaman added.
"There is nothing promised on e-commerce at the moment."
The senior BJP leader, who is also the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, was in London on a two-day visit to hold discussions with investors and members of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) on the government's newly-launched 'Make in India' campaign.
In reference to the US Trade Representative's (USTR) controversial decision to initiate a review of India's Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) regime, the minister dismissed it as a "pedagogic exercise".
"I would only look at it as an exercise to understand policies of other countries. India and its courts are conscious of our intellectual property rights and we hold on to defending everything that is due to us and we shall work and engage with the United States to explain our position to them but clearly we stand our ground," she said.
She emphasised that the Indian government clearly understands its intellectual property rights.
"The laws that prevail in India are very buoyant, vibrant, up-to-date and robust and that has been established by the various judgements that have come from Indian courts," she said, adding that a more definitive policy framework was being worked on and the government hoped to announce a new IPR policy by early next year.
She admitted that various sections of the UK industry and government had made references to the retrospective tax issue as well as specifically Vodafone and the recent court judgement.
"Our position has been very clear and we reinforce the view that we will not resort to retrospective taxation. At the same time, this government is working on simplifying the entire taxation framework completely and this will be an important tool with regard to ease of doing business in India."
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 21:18 (IST)

Foreign Investor Stake in SKS Microfinance Hits Record High in September QuarterYou are here: Home Corporates
Foreign Investor Stake in SKS Microfinance Hits Record High in September Quarter
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 16:21 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Continuing with their bullish stance on SKS Microfinance, foreign investors have hiked their stake in the company to an all-time high of 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter amid a sharp rise in its share price.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which held a 36.90 per cent stake in SKS at the end of September 30 last year, raised their stake to 44.72 per cent during the July-September quarter of 2014-15, as per the latest information available with the stock exchanges.
This marks the fourth quarterly increase in FII holding in SKS Microfinance, India's only listed player in the sector.
FIIs have been raising their exposure in the Hyderabad-based firm since June last year. They had a 35.83 per cent stake in the micro finance firm at the end of June 30, 2013. Their holding stood at a record low of 8.33 per cent during the June quarter of 2012. In comparison to this, overseas investors had a 44.61 per cent stake in the microfinance firm in the June quarter this year.
In terms of numbers, the FII count jumped to 91 at the end of September quarter this year from 75 in the preceding three-month period.
There was an over 8 per cent surge in SKS share price between July and September, while the BSE benchmark index Sensex moved up around 4.78 per cent during the period.
On Tuesday, SKS Microfinance shares ended over 1 per cent lower at Rs 316 on the BSE. The stock had touched its 52-week high of Rs 348.35 last month.
However, the stock had taken a major beating since its listing in August 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,000 per share.
There had been a major policy clampdown on micro finance institutions following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by them.
The company had debuted on the bourses after sale of shares in its IPO at a price of Rs 985 apiece.
Analysts believe the company's good performance on the financial front and strong loan portfolio has helped FIIs to rush towards it.
During the quarter, SKS's net profit jumped to Rs 56.8 crore from Rs 16.3 crore in the year-ago period. Besides, the company's revenues rose to 190.11 crore from Rs 129.95 crore in July-September 2013.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 16:01 (IST)

Whirlpools Internet of Things problem: No one really wants a smart washing machineBy Drew Harwell October 28 Follow @drewharwell
Whirlpool's $1,699 "smart" washing machine connects via Wi-Fi, can be stopped or started remotely, and pings your phone when its detergent is low. (Courtesy of Whirlpool)
Whirlpool's $1,699 "smart" washing machine  boasts Wi-Fi and a colored control screen, can be started from an iPhone app, and will text or email you when your clothes are ready to dry -- in, as Whirlpool prefers, its $1,699 "smart" dryer . But if you're wondering who would want to buy an Internet-enabled washing machine, you're not alone. Even Whirlpool's not so sure.
"We’re a little bit of a hammer looking for a nail right now," Chris Quatrochi, Whirlpool's global director of user experience and connectivity, said last week at a  conference  hosted by tech blog Gigaom. The buyers of web-connected washers, more than a year after launch, are still "not at all widespread," he said. "Trying to understand exactly the value proposition that you provide to the consumer," he said, "has been a little bit of a challenge."
It's a big concession from one of the most notable champions of the buzzy "Internet of Things," in which even our humblest household devices gain web-enabled powers of their own. At a consumer electronics expo in January, Whirlpool said its "kitchen of 2020" would be piled high with not-exactly-necessary whirligigs: stove-tops that display the weather, Facebook photos and Pinterest recipes; music-playing refrigerators; oven burners that flame up via voice command.
In the kitchen of 2014, though? No one seems to be storming down the doors for a web-connected home laundromat.
Whirlpool, the world's largest appliance maker and builder of nearly 2 million washers and dryers in North America every year, would not share sales numbers for its “smart” appliances. But its companion iPhone app,  WashSquad , hasn't exactly blown anyone away. The app, which also lets users assign laundry chores to family members and gives tips on erasing stains, has in the last year been reviewed only 21 times. It peaked at no. 243 in the iOS store's "Lifestyle" category late last year, fell below 1,500th in January and hasn't resurfaced ever since, according to data from App Annie, an app-market research firm.
Few expected "smart" machines would fly off the shelves. They're expensive, and Americans don't typically replace their washers and dryers all that often. But analysts say the problem is bigger than that. Today's smartest washer and dryer set won't fold your clothes, erase wrinkles or stop you from mixing reds and whites. It won't even move a load from one machine to the other. So what's the point? Or, as Digital Trends blogger John Sciacca put it : "Have we gotten so pathetically lame that you need to be notified by an email that your laundry is done?"
The machines could get smarter over time. In less than 10 years, said Whirlpool executive Quatrochi, your washer and dryer will be able to prod you about chores ("Did you want to add this to your laundry list?") while also tapping into your calendar to remind you how late you are. But there are those who, in a world rampant with distractions, still admire appliances' blessed simplicity. “Will I not be able to do my laundry on a Friday night," Gigaom executive editor Tom Krazit said , "if I don’t download this software update first?”
Whirlpool said Tuesday its third-quarter sales worldwide had risen 2 percent, to $4.8 billion. (Executives said nothing about "smart" appliances in a conference call with analysts.)
Connecting the web with the creature comforts of domestic life and suburbia remains one of the biggest intrigues for consumer giants wanting to jump on the next big thing. Google said in January it would pay $3.2 billion to buy Nest Labs, the maker of "smart" thermostats and smoke detectors. New lines of "smart" appliances, from lawn sprinklers to dishwashers, have blossomed in the months since.
But even their biggest supporters see how far they still have to grow before they win over the mainstream. "If I could actually [build] a connected solution that folded the clothes," Quatrochi said, "we could all retire."
 

Facebook Warns of Increased Spending  Shares Fall 9%You are here: Home Corporates
Facebook Warns of Increased Spending, Shares Fall 9%
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 07:54 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
San Francisco: Facebook Inc warned on Tuesday of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, slicing a tenth off its market value.
The hefty spending plans exposed the first signs of stress in the rock-solid support that investors have accorded the social networking company over the past year.
With Facebook's mobile advertising business delivering repeated quarters of breakneck revenue growth, the company has faced little pushback from investors on pricey, multi-billion dollar acquisitions such as WhatsApp and Oculus. Shares of Facebook reached an all-time high of $81.16 on Tuesday, before the company reported its third-quarter results.
Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner told analysts on a conference call that the social network is preparing for a 55 per cent to 75 per cent spike in expenses next year, when the world's largest social network intends to invest in Whatsapp, Oculus and other products that have yet to show a profit.
That's a big change from the company's current spending patterns, with costs and expenses in the first nine months of 2013 up a relatively modest 32 per cent. Facebook declined to provide any estimates for its expected pace of revenue growth in 2015, adding to investor worries.
"Giving expense guidance without giving revenue guidance is frustrating and spooking The Street," said BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield.
"The multi-billion dollar question is what's revenue growth going to look like next year," he said.
Wehner forecast revenue growth of 40 per cent to 47 per cent in the final quarter of 2014. That's down sharply from 59 per cent in the third quarter.
The financial forecasts came on the same day as Facebook revealed hundreds of millions of dollars in losses from WhatsApp.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has told Wall Street he is in no hurry to extract a payoff from the collection of acquired products, stressing the importance of growing the number of users first.
"For us products don't get that interesting until they have about a billion people using them," Zuckerberg said.
Shares of Facebook, up roughly 47 per cent this year, slid nearly 9 per cent to $73.80 in extended trading on Tuesday.
Mobile surge
Facebook reported a better-than-expected 59 per cent jump in third-quarter revenue and a solid gain in its user base that's already the world's largest social media community. The company is considered a pioneer in mobile advertising, outshining rivals like Twitter Inc, which are struggling to sustain user engagement and growth.
Google Inc, the world's No.1 Internet search engine, has seen its advertising rates stuck in a multi-year decline as it adapts its lucrative advertising business for the smartphones that consumers increasingly favor.
Mobile ads represented two-thirds of Facebook's advertising revenue in the third quarter, and the company said that the average price of its ads more than tripled year-on-year.
"They continue to show that there is a lot of demand for their product, both in terms of users wanting to spend time there and advertisers wanting to spend money," said Ben Schachter an analyst with Macquarie Research.
Facebook's total number of monthly users reached 1.35 billion in the third quarter, with 64 percent of its users accessing the service every day.
Facebook said revenue in the three months ended September 30 totaled $3.2 billion, up 59 per cent from $2.02 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were looking for revenue of $3.12 billion on average.
Net income increased to $806 million, or 30 cents a share in the third quarter, compared to $425 million, or 17 cents a share in the year-ago period. Excluding certain items, Facebook said it earned 43 cents a share.
Facebook also for the first time disclosed the financial performance for WhatsApp, a mobile messaging app that the company acquired earlier this month for $22 billion.
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, WhatsApp lost $232.5 million in the first six months of 2014, compared to a loss of $58.8 million in the first six months of 2013.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Buy Maruti Suzuki  Tata Motors Today: Sanjeev BhasinIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
The Nifty is likely to rise above 8,100 this week tracking the renewed strenght in global markets. The Dow Jones in the US reclaimed 17,000 mark overnight.
Extended weakness in global crude coupled with energy reforms and falling inflation have led to Indian equity outperforming this year.
Trading calls for next three days,
1) Buy Tata Motors: 508-515, stop loss 501, target 539
2) Buy Maruti Suzuki: 3150-3175, stop loss 3090, target 3250
3) Sell Dr Reddy's: 3080-3120, stop loss 3150, target 2955
4) Sell Lupin: 1355-1375, stop loss 1405, target 1290
Previous trades,
5) Buy L&T: 1560-70, stop loss 1530, target 1620-25
6) Buy HPCL: 510-515, stop loss 503, target 532
7) Buy Tata Power: 87.5-88.5, stop loss 86, target 98
8) Sell Crompton Greaves: 182-185, stop loss 190, target 168
9) Sell Cairn India: 281-284, stop loss 290, target 268
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 08:23 (IST)

BHEL bags Rs 422 cr order for Uttarakhand projectYou are here: Home > Collections > Bhel
BHEL bags Rs 422 crore order for Uttarakhand hydel project
PTI Oct 28, 2014, 06.47PM IST
Tags:
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd
(The Rs 422 crore order,…)
NEW DELHI: Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd has received a contract worth Rs 422 crore related to 444 MW Vishnugad Pipalkoti hydel power project in Uttarakhand.
Located in Chamoli district, Vishnugad Pipalkoti project is on Alaknanda river. It comprises four hydro generating sets of 111 MW capacity each.
The order, valued at Rs 422 crore, is for setting up of hydro generating sets and associated electro-mechanical works for the Vishnugad Pipalkoti project, BHEL said in a statement today.
The order has been awarded by THDCIL (formerly known as Tehri Hydro Development Corp Ltd ).
The scope of work envisages "engineering, procurement and construction of all hydro generating sets and associated electro mechanical works and is to be executed in a tight schedule of 48 months", the statement said.
This is the second major order bagged by BHEL for a hydro power project in Uttarakhand this year.
Earlier, an order for the 2x60 MW Vyasi hydel project was received from Uttarakhand Jal Vidyut Nigam Limited (UJVNL) in March.
State-owned BHEL is executing hydro power projects having capacity of about 9,500 MW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian Shares Rise on Earnings Optimism  Dovish FedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Rise on Earnings Optimism, Dovish Fed
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 08:21 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Tokyo: Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the US Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.7 per cent, led by a 1.2 per cent rise in South Korean shares while Japan's Nikkei share average rose 1.4 per cent.
US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 coming less than two percent below its record peak set last month.
The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to recover.
Still Fed officials have also stressed they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
"I think the markets are greatly underpinned by expectations that the Fed will maintain a dovish stance, which makes me a bit worried about risk of disappointment," said Hirokazu Kabeya, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities.
Upbeat US earnings so far have also eased worries that corporate profits might be squeezed by sluggish growth in the world, especially outside the United States.
With 245 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings so far for the third quarter, 73.5 per cent have beat analyst expectations, according to Thomson Reuters. Over the past four quarters, 67 per cent of companies have beat estimates.
Still, Facebook Inc shocked investors after the market close on Tuesday, warning of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, falling 8.2 per cent in afterhours trading.
US economic data published on Tuesday was mixed. But a rise in consumer confidence to a seven-year high gave stock bulls enough reason to maintain their optimism on the economic recovery.
Separate data, however, showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
The data dented the US dollar against a broad range of currencies.
The euro rose to a one-week high of $1.2765 on Tuesday and last stood at $1.2738 in Asian trade. The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level in more than two weeks against the US dollar of C$1.1165.
The dollar held firmer against the yen, however, as the Japanese currency was held back by speculation that the Bank of Japan will revise down its economic growth forecast in its economic report on Friday.
The dollar traded at 108.18 yen, not far from a two-week high of 108.36 yen hit last week. It had a muted reaction to data showing Japanese industrial output rose 2.7 per cent in September, slightly above market expectations.
Casting a shadow on risk sentiment, the US Department of Homeland Security said it was increasing security at government buildings in Washington and other cities because of continuing terror attack threats.
Separately, a White House official disclosed on Tuesday that suspicious cyber activity has been detected on the computer network used by the White House but added that measures have been taken to address it.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Facebook warns of increased spending in 2015  shares fallFacebook warns of increased spending in 2015
Alexei Oreskovic     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 10:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Facebook warned on Tuesday of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, slicing a tenth off its market value.
The hefty spending plans exposed the first signs of stress in the rock-solid support that investors have accorded the social networking company over the past year.
With Facebook's mobile advertising business delivering repeated quarters of breakneck revenue growth, the company has faced little pushback from investors on pricey, multi-billion dollar acquisitions such as WhatsApp and Oculus. Shares of Facebook reached an all-time high of $81.16 on Tuesday, before the company reported its third-quarter results.
Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner told analysts on a conference call that the social network is preparing for a 55 per cent to 75 per cent spike in expenses next year, when the world's largest social network intends to invest in Whatsapp, Oculus and other products that have yet to show a profit.
That's a big change from the company's current spending patterns, with costs and expenses in the first nine months of 2013 up a relatively modest 32 per cent. Facebook declined to provide any estimates for its expected pace of revenue growth in 2015, adding to investor worries.
"Giving expense guidance without giving revenue guidance is frustrating and spooking The Street," said BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield.
"The multi-billion dollar question is what's revenue growth going to look like next year," he said.
Wehner forecast revenue growth of 40 per cent to 47 per cent in the final quarter of 2014. That's down sharply from 59 per cent in the third quarter.
The financial forecasts came on the same day as Facebook revealed hundreds of millions of dollars in losses from WhatsApp.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has told Wall Street he is in no hurry to extract a payoff from the collection of acquired products, stressing the importance of growing the number of users first.
"For us products don't get that interesting until they have about a billion people using them," Zuckerberg said.
Shares of Facebook, up roughly 47 per cent this year, slid nearly 9 per cent to $73.80 in extended trading on Tuesday.
MOBILE SURGE
Facebook reported a better-than-expected 59 per cent jump in third-quarter revenue and a solid gain in its user base that's already the world's largest social media community. The company is considered a pioneer in mobile advertising, outshining rivals like Twitter, which are struggling to sustain user engagement and growth.
Google, the world's No 1 Internet search engine, has seen its advertising rates stuck in a multi-year decline as it adapts its lucrative advertising business for the smartphones that consumers increasingly favor.
Mobile ads represented two-thirds of Facebook's advertising revenue in the third quarter, and the company said that the average price of its ads more than tripled year-on-year.
"They continue to show that there is a lot of demand for their product, both in terms of users wanting to spend time there and advertisers wanting to spend money," said Ben Schachter an analyst with Macquarie Research.
Facebook's total number of monthly users reached 1.35 billion in the third quarter, with 64 per cent of its users accessing the service every day.
Facebook said revenue in the three months ended September 30 totaled $3.2 billion, up 59 per cent from $2.02 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were looking for revenue of $3.12 billion on average.
Net income increased to $806 million, or 30 cents a share in the third quarter, compared to $425 million, or 17 cents a share in the year-ago period. Excluding certain items, Facebook said it earned 43 cents a share.
Facebook also for the first time disclosed the financial performance for WhatsApp , a mobile messaging app that the company acquired earlier this month for $22 billion.
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, WhatsApp lost $232.5 million in the first six months of 2014, compared to a loss of $58.8 million in the first six months of 2013.
(Reuters)

Sensex rallies over 150 points; ITC  Tata Motors top gainersSensex rallies over 150 points, reclaims 27,000; ITC, Tata Motors top gainers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 09.29AM IST
(Nifty index managed to reclaim…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 178 points in trade on Wednesday to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, led by gains in ITC, Tata Motors, ONGC and ICICI Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in realty, IT, FMCG and auto stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,022.77, up 141 points or 0.53 per cent. It touched a high of 27,059.70 and a low of 26991.03 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8067.60, up 40 points or 0.50 per cent. It touched a high of 8081.05 and a low of 8059.25 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.32 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.57 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp (up 2.1 per cent), Tata Motors (up 1.6 per cent), M&M (up 1.2 per cent), Tata Steel (up 1.03 per cent) and ONGC (up 0.97 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
DRL (down 0.67 per cent), Sun Pharma (down 0.48 per cent), GAIL India (down 0.4 per cent), and Sesa Sterlite (down 0.36 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Reclaims 27 000; Nifty Inches Toward 8 100You are here: Home Market
Sensex Rises Above 27,000; Nifty Inches Toward 8,100
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 09:28 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty moved higher today, buoyed by a rally in global markets. The Sensex rose over 150 points to hit 27,059 while Nifty rose to 8,081.05 at its day's high.
The gains were broad-based with all the sectoral indices on the BSE moving higher. The breadth of the market was positive with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent.
Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the U.S. Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.7 per cent, led by a 1.2 per cent rise in South Korean shares while Japan's Nikkei share average rose 1.4 per cent.
US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 coming less than two per cent below its record peak set last month.
The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to recover.
Still Fed officials have also stressed they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
(With Agency Inputs)

India Most Bullish Consumer Market  Says NielsenECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
London: Consumer confidence in the United States jumped in the third quarter and improved globally, although people were more optimistic about job prospects than their personal finances, a survey showed on Wednesday.
India remained the most bullish consumer market, while Italy became the most pessimistic, according to the survey by global information and insights company Nielsen.
The survey showed that concerns about the economy and job prospects had eased globally from the second quarter, but in North America and Europe that had been replaced by rising worries about war and terrorism.
European countries generally were the most pessimistic, reflecting the conflict in Ukraine, faltering growth and the risk of deflation in the euro zone. Britain and Germany, however, saw consumer confidence improve.
The Nielsen Global Consumer Confidence Index rose 1 point in the third quarter to 98, according to the survey, conducted between August 13 and September 5.
The index has been steadily rising since the first quarter of 2012 and the latest reading headed closer to the 100 mark that signals optimism among consumers.
US consumers were the seventh most upbeat globally, with their score rising 4 points to 108 as optimism about job prospects continued to surge.
Americans were also slightly more upbeat about the outlook for their personal finances than they were in the second quarter, unlike Europeans, who were more pessimistic, reflecting persistently low wage growth.
"US consumers are now feeling far more confident than in previous years of the recovery due to consistently good job market trends, reflected in steady payroll growth and falling unemployment over the course of 2014," said Louise Keely, a senior vice president at Nielsen.
"They are also benefiting from lower gasoline prices and a gradually improving housing market. In the coming months, as we start to see more people re-entering the workforce and meaningful wage growth, this is likely to translate into broad-based gains in consumer spending."
Australia saw the biggest increase in confidence from the previous quarter, by 12 points, followed by Slovenia with a 9-point increase and Thailand with 8 points.
Chile posted the sharpest drop in confidence, by 7 points, followed by the Philippines with a 5-point decline and 4-point decreases for Italy and Ukraine.
The Nielsen survey was conducted online and covered more than 30,000 consumers across 60 markets.\
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt reveals names of account holders; many more to followGovernment reveals names of three black money account holders; many more to follow
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.42AM IST
Tags:
black money case
(The government disclosed…)
NEW DELHI: The government disclosed the names of three entities in the Supreme Court in the black money case , the first time it was doing so. The administration said it had done this after following the due process of law and that more names will be revealed once prosecutions have been launched after investigations are complete.
"No information will be withheld... but due legal process would be followed," a finance ministry official told ET. India also wants to be careful that it doesn't violate confidentiality clauses that are part of bilateral tax treaties. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley made clear that only the names of those against whom the authorities get "prosecutable evidence" will be revealed.
This was in response to criticism by the Opposition, including the Congress party, demanding the disclosure of all names of people allegedly holding black money The three names given by the government on Monday were those of Pradip Burman , a Dabur India promoter, and bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya besides Goa miner Timblo Pvt Ltd and five of its directors. The names figured in a 16-page affidavit filed in the apex court. All those named denied any wrongdoing.
In addition, ET had reported earlier this year that members of the Burman family paid taxes after their names cropped up in the so-called HSBC list of overseas account-holders. The official cited above said names would be revealed in line with the provisions of bilateral accords. "Wherever cases have been completed and prosecution launched, names could be given out," the official said without elaborating on such cases.
The government is also in the process of understanding how much secrecy clauses allow it to reveal without compromising treaties. India has begun to receive information on evaders from a number of tax havens with which it signed information exchange agreements. Countries may be unwilling to pass on more information if secrecy provisions aren't respected.
However, Indians are allowed to own and operate foreign accounts, so not all the funds held overseas constitute black money. Only in cases where tax evasion has been established and prosecution initiated can names be made public. The French government had in June 2011 provided a list of Indian account-holders in HSBC's Geneva branch. Details about a number of accounts are not known but the government has said some account-holders have voluntarily paid Rs 136 crore in taxes.
The government has not made much progress because Switzerland was not providing information in respect of these accounts, on the ground that the information had been stolen. Earlier this month, though, New Delhi made a significant breakthrough with Swiss authorities agreeing to disclose information on bank account-holders in the HSBC list that were also being independently investigated by Indian tax authorities.
It has been widely reported that the list originated from information stolen by a disgruntled HSBC Geneva employee in 2011. This breakthrough is expected to help tax authorities nab many evaders. The German government had in March 2009 also provided information about Indian taxpayers having accounts with LGT Bank in Liechtenstein.
The UPA government had informed Parliament in December 2013 that assessments have been made against 18 individual cases and a total demand of Rs 24 crore raised. India has spearheaded the fight against black money at global forums including the G20 and the Global Forum on Transparency and Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes that's an OECD initiative. The new agreement on automatic information exchange endorsed by G20 nations was a culmination of these efforts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt files affidavit in black money case; three names revealedYou are here: Home > Collections > Burmans
Government files affidavit in black money case; three names revealed
Agencies Oct 27, 2014, 12.41PM IST
Tags:
Attorney General
(In a major move, the government…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday filed an affidavit before the Supreme Court in the black money case, naming three prominent businessmen including Pradip Burman, formerly of Dabur group.
Goa-based miner Radha S Timblo and Bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya were the other two businessmen named in the affidavit.
The Centre told the court that it had no intention to withhold names of persons who have stashed black money abroad and stated that information received from foreign countries will be disclosed in all cases where tax evasion is established.
Every foreign account held by an Indian may not be illegal, the Centre said, adding that names cannot be disclosed unless there is prima facie evidence of wrongdoing.
It also told the court that Switzerland has indicated willingness to provide information on black money in cases where probe has been done by IT department.
Reacting to the reports Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya told Times Now, "We don't have any Swiss account. That is the only thing that I can say." "I don't know how my name has appeared on the list," he added.
With one of its members, Pradip Burman, being named as an account holder in a foreign bank in the black money issue, Dabur India promoter family, Burmans said the account complied with all legal requirements.
"We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account," a Dabur spokesperson said in a statement.
"We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable," he added.
Pradip Burman currently holds no position in the homegrown FMCG major although he was once a Whole Time Director of Dabur India.
Regretting that there was a lack of differentiation between legal and illegal foreign bank account holders, the spokesperson further said: "It is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush."
It was earlier reported that the Centre will reveal the names of three Indians in the affidavit against whom prosecution has been launched for stashing black money in foreign banks. The other names which have been doing the rounds, including politicians linked to the previous UPA government , would be revealed only if prosecution is launched against them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Birth of Jonas Salk and death of polio in IndiaBirth of Jonas Salk and death of polio in India
HT Data Team , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 15:30 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:42 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Google celebrated the 100th birthday of American researcher and virologist Jonas Salk, who invented the Polio vaccine, by featuring a doodle of the scientist on its home page on Tuesday. 
Polio is a virus induced highly infectious disease that invades the nervous system and causes total paralysis. The virus is mostly transmitted through oral/fecal route or sometimes through contaminated water and food and multiplies in the intestine.
Polio generally affects children below five years of age and among those paralyzed it is fatal for 5% to 10%.
India's fight against polio
India has made good use of Salk's vaccine and done remarkably well in eradicating polio. The last official case reported in India was in 2011.
The following visualisation shows the number of polio cases reported in India from 1998 to 2014.
As can be seen in the graph, no polio cases were reported in the last three years.
To achieve this 'zero reported case' mark, India went into a rapid vaccination mode from 1995 to 2013 and vaccinated a total of 1,138 crore children in that period. Here is a detailed state-wise report for the same time period.
The journey
But the journey leading to complete eradication was long and tough. Before the launch of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative, polio crippled an estimated 200,000 children in India each year. As seen in previous graphs this number was brought down to 741 in 2009 and by 2012 it was zero and remains so until now. 
The journey for polio free India started in 1994 through a polio pilot programme which was conducted in Delhi. Each year new programmes were introduced and finally the year 2012 was declared as a polio-free year and India was no longer considered as a polio endemic country.
Here is a detailed time-line of India's fight against polio through the years.
 
Global status
Globally a few countries like Nigeria, Pakistan, and Afghanistan are still polio endemic.
Especially, Pakistan has reached 210 cases in 2014. According to polio eradication initiative website, this is the highest number of cases on record by October in any year, and accounts for more than 85% of all cases worldwide.
The following visualization shows the number of polio cases reported in 2014 in some of the countries where polio is prevelant at present.
Last case
Rukhsar (in above photo), from Panchla Block, Howrah, West Bengal, was paralyzed by polio on 13 January 2011. She is the last known polio victim in India. 
Will she be the last one?
Story ideation, research and data collection : Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmick)
Story written, visualization, data collection : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)
Data sources :
Data for timeline - Ministry of Health and Family Welfare booklet
Polio data - Parliamentary Q and A

Fly in the clouds: Windowless planes could land in 10 yearsprint
A concept image of the interior cabin inside an in-development windowless plane.
Imagine flying in a plane sans windows! Your imagination may soon become a reality with a British company working on such a plane.
The new plane that is still in the design phase will not only revolutionise the future of commercial flight but will allow passengers to choose panoramic views of the world around them, say media reports.
The concept for a windowless plane is the brainchild of the Centre for Process Innovation (CPI), London. “CPI is working on technologies now that will deliver this vision over the next 10 years,” CPI said on its website. Besides the wow factor, CPI says the lighter design is more practical since every 1% reduction in weight reduces fuel by 0.75%, saving money and reducing CO2 emissions.
The windows would be replaced with ultra-thin and highly-flexible screens that would display outside scenery captured by cameras attached to the plane’s exterior.
The new plane will provide a big panoramic view with walls fitted with screens all around that would let you see what’s outside, CPI said.
In fact, the windows of the futuristic plane will be digital wallpapers.
The passengers will have control over some parts of their respective sides to turn on or off or change the screens. The screens will be made of Organic LED also known as OLED.
OLED will easily blend with the fuselage and surfaces such as seat backs optimising space and reducing the weight of the aircraft.
However, the fully integrated OLED technology is still in development.
Still, developers believe the world’s first windowless commercial aircraft will be a reality in the next 10 years. The Centre for Process Innovation is a Britain-based technology innovation centre.

Space Station Supply Rocket Explodes on LaunchThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Grand vision: Next Jack Ma may be from India  says SoftBank chiefAlibaba
( Masayoshi Son is searching…)
NEW DELHI: Masayoshi Son is searching for the next Jack Ma, a quest which he thinks might meet with success amidst the ranks of Indian entrepreneurs selling to consumers and businesses through the Internet.
Son, 57, the founder of Japanese Internet and telecom group SoftBank, says he is constantly on the lookout for entrepreneurial "heroes" who create jobs in the manner of Alibaba's Jack Ma, who has created employment for 25 million. Son's investment in Alibaba, the Chinese online marketplace, is the stuff of legend with a $20 million investment made 14 years ago now worth $80 billion after the Chinese firm listed earlier this year.
Soft-Bank owns 37% of Alibaba, which had amarket cap of $250 billion on Tuesday. Such "local heroes" could emerge in India as well provided Asia's thirdlargest economy manages to create the digital super-highway envisaged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "I think India will be one of the top two economies in this century — it has over a billion people, good education and engineering skills. This is India's century. It could be among the top two economies in the world," he said in an interview on Tuesday.
"With that belief, if you can invest (at a) low price and harvest high price, it's a good investment," Son added, sitting alongside Nikesh Arora, the Google executive he poached recently. Arora, who joined as vice-chairman and CEO of SoftBank Internet and Media in July this year, is spearheading the group's US business, as well as its foray into the media and entertainment industries.
On Monday, SoftBank announced a $627 million investment in Snapdeal, becoming the largest investor in the fast-growing online marketplace. It also announced a $210 million investment in Olacabs, a transport aggregator that competes with Uber. Cumulatively, SoftBank has invested more than $1 billion in Indian startups, becoming the largest investor in that space. In the interaction with ET, Son enthused about Snapdeal's prospects, pointing to its growth of 800% per year. The SoftBank founder is in India on a three-day visit that started on Monday with an hour-long meeting with Prime Minister Modi.
Son, whose stated goal is to head the largest company in the world, was wooed by the Indian prime minister on his recent trip to Japan. "Last month, Prime Minister Modi visited Tokyo. We had a face-to-face meeting. He gave us more confidence that India is going to be more transparent and deregulated with lot of focus and passion to improve India as the environment for investment," he said.
The diminutive Son, famous for sometimes setting outlandish goals (and even achieving some of them), was born in a poor South Korean family. His father was a pig farmer who brewed illegal alcohol. In explaining SoftBank's investment philosophy, Son likens himself to the conductor of an orchestra.
"We would like to be the conductor of the information revolution by looking at the total landscape and understanding which parts are growing to grow more quickly." He will be listening to the pitches of nearly two-dozen startups over Tuesday and Wednesday, in an attempt to identify future Alibabas. SoftBank has grown more than 600 times since its founding in 1981 and the $66-billion (revenue for the year ended 2013) company could potentially grow a hundred-fold, according to Son.
 
The relatively poor state of India's Internet infrastructure — the country's ranking in terms of Internet access is 142 — resulting in "traffic jams on the information highway" could trip up Soft-Bank's plans though mobile provides an opportunity to leapfrog the problem. "If the Internet infrastructure is not there, our investment does not do any good. Now, finally, mobile Internet is taking off in India," said Son.
Mobile commerce in India is booming with top ecommerce companies including Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon seeing nearly half of sales taking place via consumers' mobile handsets. This year, around 225 million smartphones will be sold in India, with many users accessing Internet for the first time on their mobiles. India's ecommerce market is projected to grow seven-fold to around $22 billion in the next five years, according to a CLSA report.
With more than 200 million people currently accessing the Internet, Indian consumers are beginning to buy more online, fuelling a frenzy and a land grab among top ecommerce companies for maximum share of this demand. "That is a huge inflection point for the Internet companies to have exponential growth here," Son said. "Difference between what you can get in India (in terms of technology and platforms) and other advanced countries wouldn't be that much — same technology and platform," he added.
India's strength in software and engineering was the source of long-term advantage compared with China's hardware capabilities, which is being commoditised, according to Son.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC may raise holding in public sector cos | Crude s big fall spurs hopes of market rallyEquity market
(The insurer is expected…)
NEW DELHI: Life Insurance Corporation of India, the country's largest insurer, will consider increasing its holding in companies in which the government plans to sell shares this year, possibly up to the 15% limit allowed.
LIC, which is also the country's largest investor, is expected to invest about Rs 55,000 crore in the equity markets this financial year, up from about Rs 51,000 crore in 2013-14. The insurer will take a call on increasing its stake, depending on each issue, a senior LIC official told ET.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has proposed raising a recordRs 58,425 crore from the sale of government stake in companies such as Oil & Natural Gas Corporation, Steel Authority of India and Coal India. The key BSE Sensex index has gained 27% in 2014 amid expectations the Narendra Modi government will step up reforms and revive economic growth.
"We believe that most PSU stocks at present are undervalued. Companies such as ONGC, Sail, Coal India have good fundamentals and therefore we may look to touch the equity ceiling in these firms," he said, adding that the move will support the government's disinvestment programme.
The government has already announced the sale of a 5% stake, which is valued at Rs 16,760 crore at the current market price, in ONGC. The company's shares fell 0.75% to Rs 391.80 at the close on the BSE on Tuesday.
"Our internal guidance is that a company such as ONGC will trade at around Rs 700 in the next one year or so. As an insurance firm, we are long-term players and see good value in a stock such as this," the official said. ONGC's profitability is expected to rise after the government freed diesel prices from state control, reducing the subsidy burden that the exploration and production company had to bear.
In 2011-12, LIC picked up over 80% of the shares offered by the government in a sale at an average of Rs 304 per share. The government garnered about Rs 12,750 crore from the sale of the 5% stake.
"We have since sold a part of our ONGC stake and made a profit of over Rs 7,000 crore," the LIC official said.The government held a 68.94% stake in ONGC at the end of September. LIC had a 7.7% stake in ONGC, down from 7.82% a year ago. It has a 2.33% holding in Coal India and over 8% in SAIL.
The government plans to divest a 10% stake in Coal India, where its shareholding is 89.65%.
Jaitley proposed to raise Rs 43,425 crore from stake sales in state-owned companies and Rs 15,000 crore from firms where the government has a minority stake. It has not been able to meet disinvestment targets set in the past 10 years.
The government mobilised about Rs 15,820 crore from share sales against a target of Rs 40,000 crore in the previous financial year and Rs 23,957 crore against a goal of Rs 30,000 crore in 2012-13, according to the website of the Department of Disinvestment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet Devendra Fadnavis: The Mr clean of Maha | Gadkari s bid had Pawar s backingBJP
(Fadnavis became the youngest…)
MUMBAI: A few years ago, in the villages of Vidarbha, the effect of load-shedding was so much that farmers would get electricity only for a few hours at night when they would venture to their fields, risking more than anything, attacks by snakes and foxes.
When the situation worsened, a young MLA started gatecrashing the public hearings of Maharashtra State Electricity Board with his group of protestors, demanding an answer. "All that you say about Devendra Fadnavis - soft spoken and polite was only for the city. In the field, he is like a true ABVP activist," says an old resident of Nagpur.
Forty four-year-old Fadnavis, for sure has come a long way in politics in a short span. A deshast brahmin from Chandrapur in Vidarbha, Devendra's aunt, Shobha Fadnavis, was a former minister and represented the Mul constituency for a long time. At Dharampeth in Nagpur, his family, comprising his wife Amruta, mother Sarita and daughter Divija, lives in a modest two-storeyed house that also houses his office. Right opposite his house is a playground named after his father Gangadharrao, a prominent RSS leader who later became a Jan Sangh member in the state legislative council. As a child Devendra is said to have refused to go to a certain Indira Convent because it had the name of a leader who had jailed his father during the Emergency.
Devendra lost his father when he was 17. Devendra's political career started in the early nineties, when he joined the BJP as a ward president of its youth wing. He became the youngest corporator of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation at the age of 21 and the second youngest elected mayor in 1997, at the age of 27. Fadnavis is said to have brought to the limelight by Gopinath Munde who saw him as a promising leader.
He replaced Nitin Gadkari's aide, Sudhir Munganthiwar as the BJP State president. Despite rumours of disagreements between him and Gadkari, Fadnavis is said to share a good equation with the union minister, but is seen to have been chosen to hold the post by PM Modi. Critics are however ambiguous about Devendra's appointment as the CM.
"He has been an effective MLA and he is not known to belong to any faction in the party. But beyond that he has no government experience. And his government doesn't have majority in the house which will be a restraining factor too," said Suhas Palshikar, political analyst. "Being a Brahmin with no community support, he will have to depend a lot on the national leaders who are running the party which is not a good sign," Palshikar added.
That, however doesn't bother his old associates recall that most often, leaders such as Ajit Pawar and RR Patil would sit back in the legislature to hear Devendra dissect the budget.
"Even leaders such as Vilasrao Deskhmukh would stop by and congratulate him for his Assembly speeches," BJP member Atul Shah said. Fadnavis is also famous for helping his colleagues write fool-proof speeches by giving them with well researched data. A voracious reader of books on energy, taxes and economics, Fadnavis is known to enjoy a subway sandwich as much as modak or puranpoli. He is a technology addict, and always carries around an iPhone and iPad. He loves old Hindi songs and dialogues from Hindi movies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys announces promotions for 4 000 staff...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys announces promotions for 4,000 staff in October
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 04.01AM IST
Tags:
Attrition
(The Bangalore-based software…)
BANGALORE: Infosys has given promotions to 4,000 employees in October, as the company continues with its efforts to retain key staff and improve employee morale. With this, it has promoted about 12% of its 1,65,000 employees since the current financial year began in April.
The Bangalore-based software exporter has promoted staff across sales, delivery and business-enabling functions and in all markets. "We announced a quarterly promotion system earlier this year. In August, 5,000 employees across sales, delivery and business-enabling functions across geographies were promoted," said a company spokeswoman. "With the promotions we did at the beginning of this month, over 19,000 employees have been promoted since April 2014."
The latest was the fourth round of promotions by the company, with about 10,000 employees getting better roles in April and June. Then, in his first week as the chief executive of Infosys, Vishal Sikka approved 5,000 promotions. This year's once-a-quarter round of promotions also marks a shift from the longstanding practice at Infosys of giving elevations once a year.
Until now, Infosys' attempts of engaging with employees at different levels - including promotions, offering 100% variable bonus payouts and Sikka's crowdsourcing initiative called murmurations - have not shown any improvement in attrition numbers. Infosys reported an attrition rate of 19.5% at the end of the first quarter, and more than 20% in the second quarter through September. At rival Wipro, the rate was under 17% at the end of the second quarter.
However, some experts say these measures would start helping the company from the current quarter. "For a company of the scale of Infosys, any measures take a little time to reflect," said an analyst at a Mumbai based brokerage. "I believe the company should start reporting lower (attrition) numbers from the December quarter."
Infosys itself remains confident that it should be able to bring down the rates closer to 14y% in the coming months. "Given the amount of emphasis we place on training, we will be comfortable if attrition is 13-15%," chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao said earlier this month when Infosys declared its second-quarter numbers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rallies over 150 points | Ten stocks ...Dow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Wednesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8,050 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 46 points higher at 8,084.50 indicating a positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty remained very range bound for most of the session but finally edged higher to conclude the day with a gain of 35 points at 8027. The Sensex appreciated by almost half a percent to close at 26880 on Tuesday.
Nifty now has immediate support placed at 7,970 levels and below that 7,930 is the key level to watch out for, say experts. On the higher side the range of 8050 to 8085 may prove as a difficult resistance to cross.
"We expect range bound move till the time Nifty is unable to surpass 8100 or move below 7930," brokerage firm, GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A breach of 7930 may result in further downside till 7850 to 7840 range, whereas a move beyond 8085 - 8100 may ensure a retest of the earlier high of 8180," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks rose more than 1 percent with the S&P 500 ending above its 50-day moving average for the first time in almost a month as strong earnings eased concerns about the outlook for corporate America.
"The majority of U.S. companies reporting third-quarter results have beaten analysts' expectations so far, easing some worries about the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar and weak global demand," Reuters reported.
"The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the U.S. economy continues to recover," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 187.81 points, or 1.12 per cent, to 17,005.75, the S&P 500 gained 23.42 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 1,985.05 and the Nasdaq Composite added 78.36 points, or 1.75 per cent, to 4,564.29.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 15,521 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.92 per cent higher at 23,738.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 1.1 per cent higher at 1,948 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.33 per cent higher at 2,345.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Global consumer confidence improves  India ...India remained the most bullish consumer market, while Italy became the most pessimistic, according to the survey by global information and insights company Nielsen.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Consumer confidence in the United States jumped in the third quarter and improved globally, although people were more optimistic about job prospects than their personal finances, a survey showed on Wednesday.
India remained the most bullish consumer market, while Italy became the most pessimistic, according to the survey by global information and insights company Nielsen.
The survey showed that concerns about the economy and job prospects had eased globally from the second quarter, but in North America and Europe that had been replaced by rising worries about war and terrorism.
European countries generally were the most pessimistic, reflecting the conflict in Ukraine , faltering growth and the risk of deflation in the euro zone. Britain and Germany, however, saw consumer confidence improve.
The Nielsen Global Consumer Confidence Index rose 1 point in the third quarter to 98, according to the survey, conducted between August 13 and September 5.
The index has been steadily rising since the first quarter of 2012 and the latest reading headed closer to the 100 mark that signals optimism among consumers.
US consumers were the seventh most upbeat globally, with their score rising 4 points to 108 as optimism about job prospects continued to surge.
Americans were also slightly more upbeat about the outlook for their personal finances than they were in the second quarter, unlike Europeans, who were more pessimistic, reflecting persistently low wage growth.
"US consumers are now feeling far more confident than in previous years of the recovery due to consistently good job market trends, reflected in steady payroll growth and falling unemployment over the course of 2014," said Louise Keely, a senior vice president at Nielsen.
"They are also benefiting from lower gasoline prices and a gradually improving housing market. In the coming months, as we start to see more people re-entering the workforce and meaningful wage growth, this is likely to translate into broad-based gains in consumer spending."
Australia saw the biggest increase in confidence from the previous quarter, by 12 points, followed by Slovenia with a 9-point increase and Thailand with 8 points.
Chile posted the sharpest drop in confidence, by 7 points, followed by the Philippines with a 5-point decline and 4-point decreases for Italy and Ukraine.
The Nielsen survey was conducted online and covered more than 30,000 consumers across 60 markets.

Sensex reclaims 27000  Nifty above 8050; ITC  Tata Motors top gainersSensex rallies over 150 points, reclaims 27,000; ITC, Tata Motors top gainers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 09.29AM IST
(Nifty index managed to reclaim…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 178 points in trade on Wednesday to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, led by gains in ITC, Tata Motors, ONGC and ICICI Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in realty, IT, FMCG and auto stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,022.77, up 141 points or 0.53 per cent. It touched a high of 27,059.70 and a low of 26991.03 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8067.60, up 40 points or 0.50 per cent. It touched a high of 8081.05 and a low of 8059.25 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.32 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.57 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp (up 2.1 per cent), Tata Motors (up 1.6 per cent), M&M (up 1.2 per cent), Tata Steel (up 1.03 per cent) and ONGC (up 0.97 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
DRL (down 0.67 per cent), Sun Pharma (down 0.48 per cent), GAIL India (down 0.4 per cent), and Sesa Sterlite (down 0.36 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Two decades on  land acquired for NH development remains untouchedUpdated: October 29, 2014 10:20 IST
Two decades on, land acquired for NH development remains untouched
John L. Paul
Tweet
The Hindu Residents of Turuthipuram in the district surrendered their land for widening the NH to 30 metres over two decades ago. However, as seen in the picture, the land still remains idle and weed-infested. But the residents are facing eviction threat again because of the government’s decision to widen the NH to 45 metres. Photo: Vipin Chandran
The Kerala government had decided to develop NHs at 45-metre width, as against its declared stand to develop NH stretches in Kerala at 30-metre width.
It is just impossible to develop all national highways in Kerala at 45-metre width, due to prohibitive cost of land acquisition and stiff resistance to the proposal that is building up all across the State, key stakeholders in the State’s NH-development process have said.
The State government had recently decided to develop NHs at 45-metre width, as against its declared stand to develop NH stretches in Kerala at 30-metre width in places where land acquisition for 45-metre wide NH is facing stiff resistance from land owners.
NGOs fighting against 45-metre-wide highways speak of how fresh land acquisition at places where 30-metre-wide land is available is next to impossible. “Land owners on NH 17 will fight another round of acquisition tooth and nail since their houses were pulled down for acquiring land at 30-metre width. They rebuilt their houses in whatever small plots were available. We cannot comprehend yet another attempt to evict people since many people have not got full compensation amount for plots surrendered 25 years ago,” said Hashim Chendampilly, convener of NH Samara Samity, a conclave of NGOs.
He said NH 17 is hardly six-metres wide in places such as Vadakkekara, while land acquired at 30-metre width is lying idle and weed- infested. “Both land owners and commuters are angry at the state of affairs.”
Biggest challenge
Sources in PWD said land acquisition was the biggest challenge since only eight hectares of land was acquired in NH 47 and NH 17 during the past 13 years. “The government says the total compensation to land owners would be Rs. 13,500 crore (at the average rate of Rs.4 lakh per cent). But this would scale up to well over Rs. 50,000 crore since the market rate for most plots facing NHs ranges from between Rs. 10 lakh to Rs. 1 crore. It is doubtful whether NHAI would pay this since State government is hard-pressed for funds.”
Rather than waste time on the project, priority must be given to widen Cherthala-Kazhakoottam reach of NH 47 and also Edappally-Kuttipuram reach of NH 17 into four lane. Land acquired at 30-metre-width over two decades ago was lying idle in these busy but narrow and highly-accident-prone stretches, they said. Other highway corridors can be developed at 30 or 45-metre width, depending on the availability of land. Already, the 270-km NH 47 stretch from Edappally to Walayar is being developed at 45-metre width.
Elevated highway
A senior PWD official suggested construction of an elevated 4-lane corridor on a BOT basis in the next stage of development in 30-metre highways. This would cost approximately Rs. 150 crore under current estimates and can be realized through user fee.

Centre to submit black money full list in Supreme Court todayCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Go long on mkt now  shift stop loss to 7950: SukhaniIn an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics shares his views on the market and his favoutite stock picks for the day.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: The market seems to be balking a bit. Despite fairly decent bunch of fundamentally good news the market is merely crawling or just about cantering upwards. What is your view on the market?
A: We should be long now. The Nifty was around 7870 when it started and our stop loss was tight just at 7850 and theme was we are not sure about the trend but we know the trade.
The trade is to be on the long side. That trade should be continuing because 7850 was never touched. If you are long then move your stop losses to 7950. If you are not long go long with a stop loss at 7950.
Q: The big outperformance has come from Bank Nifty this month. Do you think going ahead Bank Nifty will take charge and will it be a more prudent strategy to trade the Bank Nifty itself or will it be better to look at individual banking names?
A: The Bank Nifty is coming to a point where it will become choppy and sideways. The rally preceded the Nifty rally. I would not go for the Bank Nifty, I accept as a small contribution to my total long portfolio as a short-term trader.
I would prefer to stay with Nifty stocks like IT, pharma, FMCG and capital group, L&T , BHEL , everything except the Bank Nifty. So the answer is I would keep my Bank Nifty exposure low.
Q: But you have a buy on some banks, what about Bank of Baroda ?
A: Buy is there but exposure is low. We should also focus on other things. Bank of Baroda is coming out of a deep correction just like most PSU banks. As a swing trader, a short-term trader today is a good time to buy PSU banks. I would avoid the large private sector banks for the day.
Q: Do you have a buy on  HUL today?
A: Hindustan Unilever (HUL) had a remarkable rally yesterday and it is overpriced but the market doesn’t think like that and it is a buying opportunity.
It is a swing trade, if you have missed out there is a small flag which is breaking out on the upside and there are significantly higher levels coming. I would be a clear buyer on all time frames.
Q: What about Adani Power ?
A: Adani Power is a high risk trade, it has been literally in a bear market. For the last 15 days it stopped, it is finding a bottom. If this is a bottom then we are buying almost at the lows.
If our stop losses are not triggered then it will eventually become a positional trade. So we start as a swing trade, a short-term trade and if it keeps on going up we stay with it.
Q: Should we look at Hero Motocorp , and what are your views on Motherson Sumi ?
A: Hero Motocorp in any case is likely to move to lifetime new highs today and certainly you want Hero Moto in your portfolio, you want to buy it inspite of any gap up.
Gap ups will come in most Nifty stocks. So yes Hero Moto is a buying opportunity. It has also been a favourite even when it was in the dumps when it was Rs 1700-1800.
Motherson Sumi was in a trading range. After a big rally it actually went through a mild correction, that correction seems to be getting over, it is also in the F&O, it has just come in the F&O, you could actually take a trade in any form that you like but I think there are higher levels coming.
Q: Anything that is a selling candidate?
A: Usually when the markets are choppy there are trades on both sides, this is not a choppy market. It is not a runaway market but it is moving up. 7950 was a level above which we would become bullish.
We have also had three back to back days of gains and today should be the fourth. So there is no need to short sell now.
Q: Today, the baton has been picked up by the IT stocks, is their anything in that pack that catches the eye, the best gainer in the Nifty was  TCS when we started trading.
A: We opened at the high of the day and have started drifting down which is why we keep a tight stop loss. If we keep on drifting we don’t want to stay on today at least.
I suggested IT, Pharma and FMCG as the sectors that should look up, you could buy TCS or Infosys, either of them today. I would avoid the banks.
Q: Do you think gold will underperform equities from this Samvat to next?
A: On longer term yes, but in the next three months gold will outperform equities which is certainly an asset class worth discussing. I would expect the markets to stall around 8200, no one can know exactly and gold to actually begin a rally.
Q:  Exide Industries had some deep falls and today opened with a 3.2 percent uptick. Is there a near-term trade here?
A: No Exide was a short sell just prior to the deep fall. Beyond that there is nothing, I wouldn’t like to buy this kind of bounce in Exide, the charts are not very nice.
RELATED NEWS

India off Fragile Five list  says IMFNew Delhi, October 26, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 01:32 IST
India off Fragile Five list, says IMF
Puja Mehra
economy, business and finance
‘If government undertakes structural reforms it can achieve 7-8 per cent growth’
The International Monetary Fund’s (IMF) India Mission Chief has said that among emerging markets and BRICS countries, India stands out for accomplishing the sharpest turnaround in its macro economy since the U.S. Federal Reserve started reversing its zero-interest rates monetary policy. As a result, of all these economies, India is best prepared to deal with the Fed’s monetary policy actions.
Earlier this month, the IMF raised its 2014 India growth forecast to 5.6 per cent as against its 5.4 per cent April projection while cutting its world Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth projection to 3.3 per cent. If the new government follows through with structural reforms India can see a growth of 7 per cent to 8 per cent, IMF India Mission Chief Paul A. Cashin told The Hindu.
“India is the odd man out from the emerging markets and BRICS economies that were being called the Fragile Five last year… But the story for India changed quickly… India is better prepared for shocks today than when the U.S. Fed’s tapering started and more prepared than other emerging markets,” Mr. Cashin said.
The Fed’s initiation of the tapering of its monetary policy triggered sharp volatility in the rupee and a spike in the current account deficit. The CAD is down from the level of 4.7 per cent of the GDP to 1.7 per cent of GDP. “Three percentage points down is a lot... in the IMF’s history there are very few cases of that,” Mr. Cashin said. Substantial dollar inflows have led to India’s foreign exchange reserves rising from $270 billion in August to $315 billion.
The only red flags that Mr. Cashin raised were on retail food inflation and structural reforms in the infrastructure, labour and energy sectors. “Retail food inflation in India has been growing at a 10 per cent plus rate … Few countries have had such problems for such long periods of time,” he said.

How to ask for a salary raise  and get it tooHow to ask for a salary raise, and get it too
27 Oct, 2014, 10.24AM IST
Follow these steps and strategies to ensure that you get the hike you deserve.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Devashish Chakravarty
Recently, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella suggested that women should have faith in good karma to get a salary hike instead of asking for one. Most people rightly disagreed. So, how does one ask for a raise that is justly deserved? Here's how to give your 'karma' a hard nudge and ensure a salary hike.
1. Learn the rules
You cannot negotiate your salary without knowing the rules of the game. So, find out about your company's compensation structure, pay comparisons across levels and the responsibilities that go with them. Know your key result areas (KRAs) and the reward policy for achieving and exceeding them.
2. Play the game
The key component to ensure you get a salary hike is documented performance. Keep an eye on your key result areas and work on them. Pull your weight to make sure that the goals of your team and boss are met because the quantum of pay hike will depend on how well you, your team and company perform.
3. Mind the score
A game can't have an outcome if you don't keep score. Hence, define performance indicators for all work and know how you are doing it vis-a-vis others, and the relative performance of your team and company, to build a case for an increase in salary.
4. Get current data
Find out about the trend for pay hikes in your company in the past three years to figure out how much raise you can ask for. Next, figure out the percentage of salary hikes across the industry for a person with your skill set and level. This will help you craft a realistic request for your raise.
5. Know your boss
Next, find out what works best with your boss when it comes to negotiating a salary hike. Does he prefer to have a direct meeting or a detailed e-mail before having a one-on-one discussion; a data-driven argument or an emotive one; an assertive approach or a gentle and polite request? It's also important to identify the right time of day or work cycle to talk to him.
6. Know your professional self
Identify your shortcomings. Do you hesitate to speak to authority, see it as an unnecessary confrontation and tend to take refusal personally? Work on an approach that will help you avoid these pitfalls and have a fruitful discussion with your boss.
7. Schedule the right time
If your firm has a fixed performance review cycle, schedule a meeting three months before it, preferably immediately after you have achieved a major target or milestone, and not after a big failure. Avoid discussions if your company is going through cost-cutting measures or layoffs.
8. Write the script
Prepare as if it is a business meeting. Make a case for the reason you and the product should be priced more. This approach forces you to think logically and build a compelling argument, instead of shooting for sympathy or personal requirements.
9. Act it out
Get mentored before you take the plunge. Rehearse with a friend on how you to deal with tough negotiations and emotional spaces. Prepare for your boss's logical answers, questions and emotions, and your responses to them. Showcase your achievements in reverse chronological order and include the additional skills you have picked on the way. Make it a meeting on salary correction rather than a salary raise .
10. Just do it
Think about it as just another meeting. Take the first step and schedule an appointment with your boss through e-mail. This will help you overcome resistance.
11. Plan for the next meeting
Treat this as an ongoing series of salary meetings. You can continue the discussion beyond the immediate raise and discuss the path ahead for your next raise or promotion. If you give an ultimatum, you are telling your employer that you are not going to be around for long and they are welcome to cut you out.

Why women getting less salary in the industry is an unfair practiceYou are here: Home > Collections
Why women getting less salary in the industry is an unfair practice
Oct 27, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(The harsh reality is that…)
By: Minal Agarwal Jain
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's advice to female employees has received so many brickbats that to do so here would be akin to flogging a dead horse. The harsh reality is that the compensation structure at workplaces is loaded against women , and this can leave a terrible impact on their long-term savings potential.
Let us look at the career trajectory of two individuals, Sanjeev and Neha. Both are 25 years old and have the same qualifications and experience. Yet, Sanjeev starts with a salary of Rs 30,000 a month, while Neha begins at Rs 27,000, which is 10 per cent lower. Sanjeev is more aggressive and manages to get a 10 per cent increment every year, while Neha settles for 9 per cent.
In five years, the gap in their salaries widens further, with Sanjeev's salary being 16 per cent higher than that of Neha. This is reflected in their savings as well. Assuming that both put away 10 per cent of their incomes in long-term savings that earn 8.5 per cent, Sanjeev manages to accumulate Rs 2.7 lakh, while Neha succeeds in amassing only Rs 2.4 lakh.
Around this time, if Neha takes a break from work to start a family, she would be out of the job market for 3-4 years, tending to her child and family. However, Sanjeev's growth trajectory would continue. When Neha returns to work at 34, she would have to settle for a much lower salary compared with Sanjeev's pay.
The impact of all this on her long-term savings would be significant. Assuming that she gets the same 9 per cent raise every year (instead of asking for more because it wouldn't be good karma), Neha would accumulate around Rs 1.55 crore by the time she retires at 60. This includes the Rs 2.4 lakh she would have put away in the first five years and the interest it earned while she was on a break.
On the other hand, Sanjeev, who was able to wrangle a 10 per cent hike every year, would have saved around Rs 2.83 crore. Neha would have saved Rs 1.28 crore less than a colleague with same qualifications and experience. True, she took a break, which caused a bump in her career path, but it was for her family.
Career breaks for maternity are not just Neha's problem. It is everybody's problem. Who is to blame for her situation? Circumstances, or just bad karma?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aditi Rao s HOTTEST photos on the net!Photo uploaded by Sagar Potnis
on Oct 15, 2013 , 04:18 pm
10459 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Not may people know that Aditi Rao Hydari is a trained classical bharatanatyam dancer. courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Not may people know that Aditi Rao Hydari is a trained classical bharatanatyam dancer. courtesy: Procured via Google Images

WOW: These photos will melt your heartPhoto uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Oct 20, 2014 , 02:52 pm
2250 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
This dog was rescued by a man during the Srinagar floods! Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
This dog was rescued by a man during the Srinagar floods! Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Alibaba s Jack Ma tops China rich list: ForbesAlibaba's Jack Ma tops China rich list: Forbes
By AFP | 28 Oct, 2014, 11.09AM IST
0
Share More
The number of Chinese billionaires surged to 242 this year, Forbes said in its annual China Rich List, which ranks the wealthy.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SHANGHAI: Jack Ma , founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba, is China's richest person with a fortune of nearly $20 billion, as billionaires increase despite a slowdown in the country's economy, Forbes magazine said Tuesday.
The number of Chinese billionaires surged to 242 this year from 168 in 2013, Forbes said in its annual "China Rich List", which ranks the wealthy.
Ma's personal wealth ballooned to $19.5 billion from $7.1 billion last year after his company's record breaking initial public offering (IPO) on the New York Stock Exchange in September, according to the magazine.
The entrepreneur also topped a similar list released last month by China-based luxury magazine publisher Hurun , which put his wealth at a much higher estimate of $25 billion.
Alibaba was founded 15 years ago with $60,000 pooled together from Ma's friends, and is now valued at more than $240 billion after listing in the United States .
Ma, the former English teacher turned Internet visionary, reaped more than $800 million from selling shares through the IPO, according to company filings.
Wang Jianlin , whose private conglomerate Wanda bought US cinema chain AMC, was knocked out of first place and slipped to fourth this year, the Forbes list showed.
A "challenging" year for the domestic real estate sector, the main source of Wang's wealth, has seen his fortune shrink to $13.2 billion from $14.1 billion last year, it said.
China's economy expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, its slowest pace in more than five years, in part because of government moves to rein in real estate prices.
The technology sector fared better than traditional industries amid China's economic slowdown, commanding the top three spots and taking up half of the top 10, according to Forbes.
"Entrepreneurship is still thriving in China," said Russell Flannery, Shanghai bureau chief for Forbes and compiler of the list.
"The different set of industries and individuals (on the list) suggest there's still plenty of change in the economy," he told AFP.
Robin Li , founder of Baidu, China's version of Google , ranked second with wealth of $14.7 billion, while Pony Ma of Tencent, parent of China's most popular messaging app WeChat, sat in third place with $14.4 billion.
Lei Jun of rapidly rising mobile phone maker Xiaomi took eighth with $9.1 billion, and Richard Liu of e-commerce site JD.com, which competes with Alibaba, was in 10th position with $7.1 billion.
Completing the top 10, Li Hejun of renewable energy firm Hanergy was in fifth place with $13.0 billion, followed by beverage tycoon Zong Qinghou of Wahaha with $11.0 billion in sixth and nonferrous metals firm Amer's Wang Wenyin with $10.0 billion in seventh.
He Xiangjian, founder of home appliance maker Midea , took ninth with $7.5 billion.

SC pulls up Centre for delay in govt formation in DelhiYou are here: Home > Collections > Court
SC pulls up Centre and Delhi LG for delay in taking decision regarding government formation
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 28, 2014, 12.20PM IST
Tags:
Delhi LG
(Centre tells SC that President…)
NEW DELHI: Supreme Court on Tuesday pulled up the Centre and Delhi L-G for delay in taking decision regarding government formation in the national capital. "In a democracy, President's Rule can't go on forever," the apex court said.
The government told SC that the President has allowed LG's proposal to invite BJP to form government. However, the court said that it will hear Aam Aadmi Party's (AAP) plea on merit on the issue.
"We gave you enough time but nothing happened and you always make one statement or other on the day of hearing," the court told the government. "LG should have taken decision on government formation at the earliest and should not have taken 5 months time," it added.
Over a week after the party's victory in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly polls, Delhi BJP has conveyed to the party leadership its preference for facing fresh polls in the city than taking power without having a majority.
BJP sources said the Delhi unit has started preparations for polls, preferably in January or February, and the Union government may soon indicate to Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to dissolve the assembly paving way for fresh elections.
Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar on October 10 had informed the court that the Centre's stand on government formation in Delhi will be known after Diwali.
"We have started preparations for the polls which may take place in January. The central leadership has been informed that we are ready for polls," a senior Delhi BJP leader said.
The Election Commission on Saturday had announced bypoll to three assembly constituencies on November 25 but if the Lt Governor dissolves the assembly then the bypolls will not take place.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook fires back as retailers block PayApple Inc CEO Tim Cook fires back as retailers block Pay
By Reuters | 28 Oct, 2014, 11.01AM IST
Apple Pay already totes up more transactions than all other "contactless" payment methods combined, Cook said, citing Visa and Mastercard data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LAGUNA BEACH, CALIFORNIA: Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook fired back at CVS and Rite Aid on Monday after the drugstore chains blocked the iPhone maker's mobile payments service, saying there were plenty of other retailers around the world to sign up.
Apple Pay launched about a week ago and saw more than a million credit cards registered over the first 72 hours. It already totes up more transactions than all other "contactless" payment methods combined, Cook said, citing Visa and Mastercard data.
Such services, through which a user pays by holding a smartphone close to a specially designed terminal, have failed to catch on in the United States despite the backing of Google Inc and other influential players.
News emerged over the weekend that the two retailers had opted out of Apple Pay in favor of a rival system that roughly 50 chains, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are developing for in-house use.
"We've got a lot more merchants to sign up, we've got a lot of banks to sign up and we've got the rest of the world," Cook told the Wall Street Journal Digital Live conference, in the company's most extensive comments on the blockade so far.
In launching Apple Pay, the iPhone maker hopes to lock in more customers for its mobile devices by enhancing their overall utility. Industry experts say it stands a chance of becoming the first widely used payments feature on smartphones.
CVS and Rite Aid have not explained their surprise move. But the driving force behind developing a retailer-owned mobile payment solution is to avoid paying credit card transaction fees to card companies like Visa and Mastercard, analysts said. Fees range between 2 percent and 3 percent of costs per transaction.
Rite Aid stopped accepting Apple Pay last week at its 4,572 stores. Spokeswoman Ashley Flower said the company was evaluating various forms of mobile payment technologies.
CVS did not respond to queries seeking comment but a visit to two of its stores showed that the NFC (Near Field Communications) reader on which Apple Pay was used had been deactivated.
It remains to be seen, despite early signs of success, whether mobile payments will become widely adopted.
Cook argued on Monday that Apple Pay offered better security and privacy than competing services, and that retailers risked alienating customers by limiting choices at checkout.
"It's a skirmish," Cook said in response to a question about the retailers' moves.
"Merchants have different objectives sometimes. But in the long arc of time, you only are relevant as a retailer or merchant if your customers love you."

Harish Manwani: Won t hang up boots and sit on armchairSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI : Harish Manwani , 61, who will retire as COO of Unilever by the end of December this year, plans to have an active work life post retirement. He is clear that he does not wish to "hang his boots and sit on an armchair" after he leaves Unilever. Instead, Manwani is keen on doing a portfolio of things, including those that fall in the realm of advisory roles at a global level, as well as those in which he gives back to society in areas of his interest, such as education. This will be over and above his chairmanship at Hindustan Unilever ( HUL ).
But for a leader who is just two months away from retirement, Manwani's current thoughts are far from anything that would reflect a retired life. His immediate primary objective is to first deliver the calendar year for Unilever as COO, and second, to ensure a smooth transition of the organization into a structure wherein there will be no COO.
Unilever will not have another COO to replace Manwani as the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant is said to be finding a way of operating without a COO. For Unilever CEO Paul Polman, who had described Manwani as a friend and a respected business leader, Manwani was a key enabler in the drive to turn around Unilever in recent years. A transition to a system without a COO is said to be in the works.
"I have not signed off and got into a retirement mode from Unilever yet," Manwani, also chairman, Hindustan Unilever (HUL), told TOI in an exclusive interview. "I want to make sure I deliver 2014 for Unilever. Second, I have to make sure the transition in the organization is complete." Post retirement, Manwani hopes to engage fully and be associated with things that are global in nature, which includes India.
As to why he did not wish to continue as COO for a couple of years more, Manwani has a cricketing analogy to give: "You may have a great first innings. But if you don't declare the innings in time, you may not have a second innings. There are things that you want to achieve for which you want to give yourself time. If you get into it too early, you may not have the satisfaction from your first innings. Equally, if you are too late, you may not have the time."
For Manwani, who said he stopped working for just rewards long ago, it is a deep sense of privilege that he could work for a single organization for 38.5 years "without ever feeling bored... without ever having a dull moment". While that would sound like Greek to a new-age manager who aspires to be tomorrow's leader, the biggest satisfaction for Manwani has been that he has seen a host of Lever leaders placed in positions of responsibility, not only within Unilever but outside as well. Leaders from Hindustan Unilever, such as Hemant Bakshi, Sanjiv Kakkar, Rohit Jawa, Nitin Paranjpe and Sanjay Sachdeva , are some of them.
Manwani firmly believes the flow of Indian managers into global roles would continue to grow strong. But hasn't he set a high benchmark having reached the COO level? "I am 100% confident that we have a leadership bench strength which is going to be even stronger, even bigger. I feel really good about that. You have to build leaders bigger than yourself, otherwise you have wasted your time."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Women-only venture capital funds to get wings to flyangel investors
(Even when women earn well…)
MUMBAI: About three years ago Golden Seeds, one of the top three angel groups in the US, was in India to look into the possibility of a women-only angel network and met private equity (PE) investors, early stage funds and corporate women leaders.
However, they did not go ahead with it as the investment climate was complicated at that time from the point of view of tax treatments, says Shoba Purushothaman, a Malaysianborn entrepreneur, who accompanied them and helped set up the meetings in New Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore. However, a lot of people they met expressed interest and support. "And now with the environment being more conducive it might actually be a perfect time for such an initiative to take off... it might galvanise in 18 months," says Purushothaman, who has built two start-ups and is now working on her third business.
A women-only venture capital fund, like Golden Seeds or Women's Venture Capital Fund in the US, invest in ventures that have at least one woman as a co-founder or at the Clevel with significant equity holding.
More recently a similar idea was being toyed by Tie Stree Shakti (TSS), which aims at enabling aspiring women entrepreneurs. TSS with the help of Paula Mariwala, executive director, Seedfund, prepared a white paper on a women-centric venture capital fund. "Women are lot of times hesitant in the male-dominated VC world. Sometimes they require a smaller amount of investment," says Mariwala of Seedfund. The white paper was aimed at completing the TSS story of nurturing entrepreneurship for women, she adds.
DEAL FLOW
VCs and entrepreneurs discussed the idea at Dell Women's Entrepreneurs Network conference held in Mumbai recently. And in recent times one hears the idea being discussed by women entrepreneurs and investors at several forums. "It is a good opportunity to pioneer the concept... If a fund is positioned towards women-led ventures it would encourage more women to explore entrepreneurship opportunities... I think it is a matter of time that you will have a fund dedicated to women," says Harsh Mariwala, chairman of Marico.
500 Startups, a Silicon Valley venture capital seed fund and startup accelerator, has recently started an AngelList syndicate to invest in women entrepreneurs.
Though they do not have a dedicated amount to invest in women-led companies, they have been actively investing in women founders since the beginning and have one of the largest women founder portfolios in the world. However, Pankaj Jain, founder and CEO of 500 Startups, feels deal flow could be a problem for a women-only fund.
But Anil Joshi, former president of Mumbai Angels, who is currently an early stage investor and partner at Unicorn Ventures, does not agree. He says he may promote women entrepreneurs who can seek funding of Rs 25 lakh to Rs 1 crore to begin with, and going forward, more.
Though he sees it from a social service standpoint, he feels there is a definite business case in it. "There are an increasing number of ventures started by women. With 80% of the funding going to technology, mobile or e-commerce ventures, businesses that women understand well, I do not see any risk from a fund perspective in terms of deal flow," adds Joshi.
VCs and angels are still more of a macho thing, and they should focus on encouraging women, says Zankhana Kaur, programme director, TiE Mumbai. "I have met VCs who say we want a woman as co-founder. However, the number of proposals from women is still very less."
Despite the increased start-up activity in India seen in the past three years, only less than 10% of business plans that angel investors get are from women or companies with a woman co-founder.
As far as Golden Seeds is concerned, though it does not have immediate plans in India, it is keen on providing the needed help and expertise. "We have helped start an angel group in Australia called Scale Ventures that is doing very well. As far as India is concerned we don't have any plans as of now but could provide help to start an angel group there," says Peggy Wallace, managing partner and general partner of Golden Seeds.
Falguni S Nayar, founder of Nykaa.com, who believes in the philosophy of equal opportunity says: "In a world where there are not too many women entrepreneurs if you get one who starts her own business she will definitely be the cream of the crop." Hence, if a fund focuses on investing in a company with significant equity holding of women, chances are they would be superior to the average, she adds.
So, for women entrepreneurs to thrive in India, it is going to require the visible support of the male members of the start-up world - importantly, it's going to need the active involvement of successful women from corporate India and the financial markets who can become angel investors themselves and lend mentoring support as well as cheque books.
Women only VC Funds: How they work

Fear of losing BMC control compelling Sena to accommodate BJP diktatsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Fear of losing BMC control compelling Shiv Sena to accommodate BJP diktats
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 12.06PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(It is one of the richest municipal…)
MUMBAI: It is one of the richest municipal corporations in the country — its budget is bigger than the combined budgets for Goa, Assam, Meghalaya and Himachal Pradesh. It is this civic body that has literally bankrolled the Shiv Sena all these years, despite the party coming to power in Maharashtra just once, that too about two decades ago.
And, holding on to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation is one of the reasons why the Sena is willing to bend over backwards to accommodate BJP's diktats, even while offering support to form the government in the state. So, while Sena claimed its former ally was willing to give it 14 ministerial berths, the BJP leadership has said it won't part with more than four or five.
The Sena is however willing to lump everything down its throat, prompting questions among its grass-root workers as to why their party is going all out to give support to its former ally. The answer lies in the Sena leadership getting nervous about losing power in BMC, with some leaders advising party chief Uddhav Thackeray that BJP might pull the plug in the corporation after its win in the assembly poll.
"There is a real fear that the BJP could withdraw support and if our party is not able to prove its majority then we would have to face elections which, judging by the current mood, could go against us," said a Sena leader. "If we lose power in BMC,then it would be very difficult to sustain our organisation."
The fear is so real that after the assembly results, Thackeray told party workers to be ready for the BMC election. Senior Sena leaders who spoke to ET said Thackeray is just delaying the inevitable and that the party would again have a fall out with BJP within two years, ironically this time again for BMC.
"The BMC elections are just two years away (February 2017). In the last elections, BJP contested 69 seats while we contested 168. It is obvious that the BJP is now going to ask for an equal distribution of seats or, worse, ask for more seats than us. What do we do then? Do we call off the alliance and contest alone or do we accept the BJP demand and become a smaller partner? Either way, the party would probably not be the one to call the shots in the BMC," said one of them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana CM to rope in Gujarat babus in his core teamYou are here: Home > Collections > Cadre
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar mulling to induct four Gujarat IAS officers in his core team
ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.21AM IST
Tags:
(They said two of these officers…)
By Vinay Sharma
CHANDIGARH: Haryana CM ML Khattar may induct four Gujarat cadre IAS officers in his core team, signalling a major change with the advent of BJP government and snubbing the bureaucracy in the process as he gets set to replicate PM Modi's Gujarat model of development in the state. The file had been sent to DoPT under the Union ministry of personnel, officials said, without revealing the names of the officers.
They said two of these officers will be appointed as principal secretary, while the other two would be appointed as additional principal secretary to the CM. The officers may be given charge of Haryana Urban Development Authority, Town and Country Planning, and Excise and Taxation that courted a series of controversies under the previous Congress government. The only name from Haryana cadre doing the rounds for a key appointment is that of senior IAS officer Pradeep Kasni , who had refused to sign the appointment letters of commissioners appointed hurriedly by the then CM BS Hooda.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snapdeal is India s Alibaba;like digital startups: SoftBankSnapdeal has a significant growth and a great team. India’s future opportunity is so huge and this is an exciting opportunity.
Masayoshi Son
Founder & CEO
SoftBank
After having hogged all headlines for its USD 627 million investment in online retailer Snapdeal , Japan’s SoftBank Corp chairman Masayoshi Son says he is interested in investing in Indian internet startups.
In an exclusive interview to CNBC-TV18, Son says the firm’s USD 10 billion investment announcement to India is not bound by any budget and if the opportunity present itself, the company may even invest more than USD 10 billion. 
The investment and telecommunication company bought US’ mobile firm Sprint Corp in 2013 but Son says, contrary to reports, that the company is not aiming to disturb India’s telecom space but is very optimistic on the potential in Indian internet startups.
Given the plethora of e-tailers, Son says the company chose to invest in Snapdeal due to a personal preference and belief in its long-term success.
“Snapdeal has the potential to become India’s Alibaba. Other peers like Flipkart have an Amazon-like model and Snapdeal is based on Alibaba’s market place model, which we are more confident about,” explains Son.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Masayoshi Son’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan.
Q: You say “we believe India is at a turning point in its development and we have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade or so”. Is that a vote of confidence and can we assume that you will be investing about USD 10 billion or in excess of USD 10 billion into India perhaps over the next couple of years?
A: I have a strong wish and willingness to invest more like USD 10 billion in the next 10 years. We have financial capability, we are looking for opportunity. It all depends, USD 10 billion is not the most important thing and it is not the budget that we have to spend no matter what, that is not the case. If it takes more than USD 10 billion we are willing to do so, if it is less than that still we will be happy but that is about the image I have for over the next 10 years. That is my willingness.
Q: What makes you so confident about India and I want to talk to you specifically about your investment into Snapdeal, USD 627 million into Snapdeal, that makes you the largest investor in that particular e-commerce company. Why are you so confident about the Indian e-commerce story and do you believe that a company like Snapdeal has the potential to be an Alibaba in the future?
A: I strongly believe that Snapdeal has the potential to be Alibaba of India. We invested into Alibaba 14 years ago, as you said USD 20 million, but it was very small, it was nothing back then. But over the last 10 years it has really grown. People understand now Alibaba is a great company but only until several years ago people did not still understand the value of Alibaba. Right now Snapdeal has a significant growth and a great team. India’s future opportunity is so huge that this is an exciting opportunity.
Q: Why Snapdeal and why not a company like Flipkart for instance. It has also seen a significant amount of foreign investment coming in?
A: In my view Flipkart is more like Amazon model. Alibaba model is closer with market place model. Snapdeal is closer to that model. It is just a preference and the belief which model has the stronger future; it is our opinion on one side.
Q: How much does this give you in Snapdeal and do you have the appetite to raise your investment in Snapdeal in the future because we don’t know what eBay or some of the other existing investor in Snapdeal will do post this funding round?
A: Well we just made an investment I don’t want to speculate about tomorrow or next year but it is a company which we would like to support for a long time.
Q: So how much do you pick up by paying this USD 627 million what is the stake that you get in Snapdeal?
A: We are not talking about specific of how many percent. We would be the largest shareholder, significant shareholder but not 51 percent. That is not what I am looking for. So we are comfortable where it is.
Q: You have announced an investment into Ola, Ola Cabs as it was previously known. So clearly the Indian start up space is something that has caught your fancy and your attention but the telecom sector in India and you of course have worked closely with Bharti, how exciting is the telecom sector looking to you and you have picked up Sprint, would you look at the possibility of investing in telecom in India where 100 percent Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) is allowed?
A: I am more focussed on pure internet start up companies now. In India there are enough number of telecom players, we don’t need to come in to bother that situation, it is already enough, it is already crowded. They are self sufficient. So we are more focussed on internet start ups right now because that is where I believe huge excitement of the growth opportunity is coming.
Q: Ola have raised USD 210 million led by the investment coming in from Softbank, where else are we likely to see you put your money. There has been a lot of speculation that you are looking at Paytm as well. Is that accurate information?
A: We don’t make specific comments on the other companies. We are looking into many other start up companies. This afternoon we are meeting ten other start up companies, tomorrow another 15 of them. So, I hope one of them or some of them would make us very excited.
Q: What are you looking for, if you are looking for 10 today and 15 tomorrow what is the criteria that you are going to be looking at before you decide whether you are going to put your money in or not?
A: The company has to be either leader in the segment of what they are doing, in the internet industry, either the leader or strong past to be the leader. I am looking at the management team, strong founder and their team. I am looking at the business model that can evolve to be a very successful business model. So I am looking at many different angles but it is like finding a new girlfriend. You don’t look at only one angle.
Q: So how many girlfriends do you hope to acquire at the end of this visit?
A: It is a difficult and dangerous subject. I cannot have many girlfriends but I can have many business partners.
Q: Speaking of business partners clearly you are interested in the internet start-up space, the mobile start-up space at this point in time. What excites you the most because we are seeing interesting developments both as far as payment gateways are concerned, in the transportation sector with things like Ola and of course Uber the global company that has aspirations of growing very big in India, in the travel and the hospitality space where globally you are invested in as well. What looks most exciting to you from a value proposition point of view from the India story?
A: The two of them that we have chosen already are very exciting. However internet is a very wide subject. There are so many successful companies. Look at the US, there are so many successful internet companies in their own field. So, India is just the beginning for that excitement. I am sure there will be a huge opportunity of new rising stars.
Q: I was reading comments that have been made about you and an analyst said that Japan is not big enough for Son, he is looking at the world. Would India be the most exciting market for you today as far as your aspiration of growing in the world is concerned?
A: For next 10 years this is the country that I am most excited about. I would say this is the century – 21st century, if there are top two countries in the world or the top two economies in the world I think India and China would be the top two economies in the world, that is my belief. India has that much potential. So, with that belief right now India is not in the top two but in the long term view if that is the view people can invest almost in any business industry in India to be successful.
However what we are most good at, what we are most specialist about is our information industry, that is our focus. Then there is timing. The best timing to do so I believe now is the best timing.
Q: There has been a lot of debate on the valuation that Indian e-Commerce companies are commanding today. The road to profitability is a long one. We don’t know whether it is foreseeable in the near future or not and hence people are saying that do they really deserve the kind of valuations that they command today in the marketplace. What would you say about that?
A: If you look at today's multiple over the profit or over the revenue, over whatever it is very high already. However if your belief is that India would be the top two economies in the world, it has a billion population and it has the intelligence, it has good English speaking society, it has all the software engineers which matters a lot for the information revolution. At the end software engineering is more important than the hardware. Hardware would become a commodity. India has the best skill of the software engineering, the English language, the population, the intelligence, what else do you need?
Q: So, valuations are not stretched?
A: It is such a small fraction of the future potential. Whether we buy 15 percent cheaper or not it doesn’t matter. I am not good at making 30 percent return, I am good at making either 100X or zero.
Q: Let me talk to you about your investment in Hike and your aspirations as far as Bharti-Softbank that joint venture is concerned. You have pumped in a significant amount of money into Hike, the aspiration would be to take this service outside of India and to perhaps grow in other emerging markets India being just the test bed of the incubation centre. What are your aspirations as far as Hike is concerned and what kind of money can we see you pump in to that company going forward?
A: Hike is the opportunity that Kavin Mittal the son of Sunil Mittal. With his vision and passion it is a home grown service from zero and has grown very quickly. I think it has the opportunity to be like next Whatsapp or Facebook or LINE. It is growing pretty well. It has good technology engineers. I think it has a very interesting opportunity.
Q: There has been a lot of speculation on whether you are looking at LINE at this point in time. Is LINE on the horizon or on the radar as far as Softbank is concerned?
A: We never comment about the future investment.
Q: You like LINE?
A: I respect LINE, I respect VChat, I respect Facebook, the investment is something that we don’t make comments on.
Q: How acquisitive are you feeling at this point in time because you have spent over the last 5 years USD 51 billion in acquisition that is the kind of war chest that you have deployed. Can we expect that number to go up considerably over the next 5 years? What can we expect in terms of your appetite for acquisitions?
A: I have lots of appetite.
Q: You could better that USD 51 billion number significantly over the next 5 years?
A: I have lots of appetite, passion but it all depends on many things.
Q: You have had phenomenal success. I don’t think you would have imagined this kind of success for Alibaba yourself when you pumped in USD 20 million 14 years ago. Did you imagine this kind of success that Alibaba would meet?
A: People would hate me about this but I had a strong belief and no doubt about the size of the success. This is about the size of success I believed from day one. I had absolutely no doubt.
Q: What gave you that confidence in Alibaba at that point in time?
A: This segment of the industry, the channel, the timing, the management group, all those factors you look at. At that time Alibaba had only B2B. Three years later I discussed with them and we said okay we have to start B2C and C2C, that is 10 years ago. So, the first three years Alibaba's business model was totally different from what it is today.
Q: What do you intend doing with your 34 percent in Alibaba?
A: We will keep it. It is still growing very quickly. It is too early to sell. Why should you sell when you believe it is still growing so quickly?
Q: How soon do you expect a listing of an Indian e-commerce company for instance Snapdeal? Do you believe that we are still 3-5 years away from a possible proposed listing?
A: My preference is I want to delay it as much as possible.
Q: Another 10 years?
A: It is not for me to decide. It is the board and its founders they decide. I can discuss with them.
Q: Why would you like to wait? For what would you like to wait?
A: Why should you hurry? Being a private company gives us lot of flexibility, lots of freedom.
Q: If you believe that Indian companies should wait at least for 5-10 year period before they actually look at a listing, what is the road ahead in terms of profitability? How soon do you believe that we are going to see e-commerce companies in India start to make money?
A: Each company has their own style. My preference is to provide best service to the customers first.
Q: There have been some concerns on whether we are likely to see a dotcom bust that we saw for instance in 2000. You were there, you have suffered on account of it as well. Do you believe that the likelihood of seeing that kind of a debacle, that kind of a decline is exaggerated at this point in time, that the fear and the concern is exaggerated today?
A: The share price, the valuation fluctuate depending on peoples view and their confidence in the industry. However the key to me is continuously increasing the number of users, the access and usage itself, as long as you continue to grow that peoples valuation follow after that.
Q: So, you don’t fear a dotcom bust today?
A: That is not what I am worried about.
Q: What are you worried about?
A: I am naturally optimistic person. I don’t have that much worry myself. I don’t have enough time to play golf. I am getting old I cannot hit long enough, that’s what worries me today.
Q: As Japan's richest man today you are worried about your handicap on the golf course not worried about what you or don’t do as far as your business investments are concerned as much, you are worried about getting older, what else would you like to do with your money?
A: I cannot spend money enough but money is not the focus of my life. It is a small issue. My focus of life is how can I contribute to the people? How can I make people happier through contribution to this information revolution? I feel more excited about our own vision and the business directions and partnerships with many of our friends, that is the most important thing.
Q: Your advice to start-ups who are watching this show today, you are veteran investor, you have invested in start-ups across the world, what is the single biggest lesson that you have learnt that you would like to share with start-ups?
A: Good times, bad times come but stay focused, channel your passion, strong belief, that is something that is most important.
RELATED NEWS

Checkout top buzzing stocks to trade on October 28Oct 28, 2014, 12.35 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Checkout top buzzing stocks to trade on October 28
Here are top buzzing stocks of the day - Astral Poly, Styrolution ABS, NCC Ltd, Texrail.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Checkout top buzzing stocks to trade on October 28
Here are top buzzing stocks of the day - Astral Poly, Styrolution ABS, NCC Ltd, Texrail.
Post your opinion here

Govt set to launch revamped Kisan Vikas PatraGovt set to launch revamped Kisan Vikas Patra
PTI
Business Line KVP was a popular saving scheme that doubled the money invested in eight years and seven months.
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
The government will soon launch the revamped Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) besides some new saving instrument programmes for the girl child as well for the physically challenged person, a senior finance ministry official said today.
“We are going to launch the revamped Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP) soon in the form of saving instrument,” Rajat Bhargava, Joint Secretary (Budget) in the ministry finance said at an event here.
“Similarly, the Government of India is also going to launch some new saving instrument programmes for girl child as well as for the physically challenged person who has not been covered so far (under the programme),” Bhargava added.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in the Budget speech, had said he will re-introduce the KVP, which was a very popular instrument among small savers.
“I plan to reintroduce the instrument to encourage people, who may have banked and unbanked savings to invest in this instrument,” Jaitley had said.
The KVP was discontinued by the UPA government in 2011 following the Shyamala Gopinath Committee report. It had suggested that KVPs may be discontinued as they are prone to misuse.
KVP was a popular saving scheme that doubled the money invested in eight years and seven months. The government sold these saving bonds through Post Offices in the country.
The new government has identified financial inclusion and access to formal financial channels as a priority area and the reintroduction of KVP is seen as furthering this objective.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex ends up 128 pts; Ranbaxy Sun Pharma rise 5-6%Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended with some smart gains as trading picked up pace in the last few hours. The Sensex closed up 127.92 points at 26880.82 and the Nifty was up 35.90 points at 8027.60. About 1509 shares advanced, 1371 shares declined and 111 shares were unchanged.
Sun Pharma was up 5 percent. Cipla, SBI, Tata Power and GAIL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Dr Reddy's Labs and Reliance.
03:20 pm Results
Power and automation technologies major ABB India missed street expectations on every parameter in third quarter of current calendar year 2014. Net profit rose by 25 percent to Rs 45 crore during the quarter from Rs 36 crore in the year-ago period.
"The company maintained a healthy double digit growth in profit on the back of improved execution, better productivity and continued savings from operational excellence initiatives while tight market liquidity conditions and high cost of capital continue to weigh on earnings," said ABB in its filing.
The company follows calendar year (2014) as its financial year.
3:00 pm Oil import
Hit by uncertainty over oil supplies from West Asia, India is keen to diversify its imports and wants to buy crude from the US, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has said.
The new strategy is being planned to guard against disruption in supplies from its biggest sources in the Middle East -- Iraq and Syria -- as they are caught in problems relating to Islamic State movement.
Asia's second-biggest energy user, which spent USD 143 billion on import of crude oil in 2013-14, wants the US to extend its policy of allowing gas exports to crude oil as well.
"I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from the US, which currently does not allow oil exports," Pradhan told PTI. India wants to reduce its reliance on the Middle East nations for meeting its oil needs and instead wants to tap Latin American countries including Mexico and Russia. 
02:30pm Interview
Sharad Sharma, Managing Director, State Bank of Mysore expects the public sector lender’s NII growth to improve to 12-14 percent in the second half of FY15.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the financial performance of the bank in the quarter gone by , he said that the bank is now focussed on retail growth and its net interest margin is stable at 3-3.1 percent.
The bank is looking at gross NPA of around 4 percent by FY15-end, he said. Further, there has been a steady reduction in slippages over last three quarters.
Meanwhile, the bank is not planning to move on rates in the next three months. Also, it has no merger plans in the foreseeable future, he added.
02:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks extended gains in afternoon trade with the Sensex rising 109.70 points to 26862.60 and the Nifty climbing 34.15 points to 8025.85 supported by banking & financials, healthcare and Tata group stocks.
About 1396 shares have advanced, 1336 shares declined, and 115 shares are unchanged.
Ranbaxy Labs surged 7 percent after reporting a profit of Rs 478 crore in September quarter compared to loss of Rs 454 crore in the year-ago period due to no settlement provision, lower expenses and higher sales. Sun Pharma, which is going to become the owner of Ranbaxy soon, rallied 5 percent.
India's largest lenders State Bank of India and ICICI Bank rallied 2 percent each. Cipla, Gail India and Tata Power too gained more than 2 percent followed by HDFC, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra with over a percent gain.
However, Hero Motocorp, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and HUL fell 1-2 percent. Reliance Industries, Infosys, ONGC, Axis Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and Maruti declined over 0.5 percent.
13:08

After partnering IBM  Apple hints at a partnership with Alibaba for payment service. Era of mega partnershipsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Renee Zellweger Lists Hamptons Home
Wipro expands presence in Romania  plans tie-ups with universitiesWipro expands presence in Romania, plans tie-ups with universities
Our Bureau
To grow headcount 25% by Dec 2015
Bangalore, October 28:  
The country’s second largest IT services exporter, Wipro Ltd, will increase the headcount in its Romanian operations by 25 per cent to 750 by December 2015.
A press statement from Wipro said the company has about 20 customers in Eastern Europe.
Retail, healthcare
Wipro’s customers in Romania span the retail and consumer goods, healthcare, manufacturing and telecom industries, among others.
The company expects to see significant traction across service lines in Romania, in the medium term.
“Eastern Europe is poised to become a strategic delivery location for Wipro and we are committed to investing in the region. We are building strong domain knowledge in key growth verticals and are hiring local talent with strong program management capabilities,” said TK Kurien, Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board, Wipro Ltd.
In Romania, Wipro has development centres in Bucharest and Timisoara.
The company is in discussions with local universities to partner and develop curriculum for enhancing local capabilities.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Aadhaar numbers reach 70-cr markAadhaar numbers reach 70-cr mark
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 28:  
Over half of India’s population now has a unique identification or Aadhaar number. The Government has announced that the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) had issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers, as on Tuesday. Aadhaar is a 12-digit individual identification number issued by the Authority on behalf of the Government and contains various biometrics, such as iris or fingerprints. The number serves as proof of identity and address anywhere in India. However, it does not confer citizenship.
A Government statement said nine States, including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh, had crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 had over 70 per cent coverage. The authority was recently assigned Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh, with a combined population of about 34 crore. Till date, Aadhaar numbers have been issued to 8.93 crore residents in these States, which is 26 per cent of the target population, it said.
Currently, the authority is enrolling 10 lakh people a day with the help of over 25,000 camps and permanent centres. Now, its target is to enrol 15 lakh people a day.
Fresh impetus
In recent months, the Government has provided a fresh impetus to the UIDAI by linking Aadhaar to various entitlements and schemes, including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), MGNREGA, pensions, scholarships, direct benefit transfer, ration, passports, attendance system, among others. 
Aadhaar facilitates “anytime, anywhere” online authentication of a resident through universal verification of one’s identity based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, thereby eliminating any chances of duplication or fraud.
It is also a proof of identity and a proof of address for opening a bank account, as it meets the Know Your Customer (KYC) norms of Reserve Bank of India.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Amgen climbs after strong sales figuresAmgen climbs after strong sales figures
Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b91dbb42-5ebe-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

"Trinamool supporters" target village over wage rowMAKHRA (Birbhum), October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:55 IST
"Trinamool supporters" target village over wage row
Kathakali Nandi
The Hindu Villagers mourn the death of Sheikh Tousif Ali in Makhra village on Tuesday. Photo: Kathakali Nandi
TOPICS
West Bengal
Miscreants hurled bombs despite Section 144 being imposed on Makhra
On Monday, when the police came knocking on the doors of Ashrafa Bibi (name changed) to inform her family members that they should flee the village or else they would be attacked, they did as they were told. As the villagers rushed out of their homes, masked miscreants targeted them with country-made guns and bombs, killing three persons.
“The police stood silent while miscreants hurled bombs at us as we were trying to escape. This happened despite Section 144 being imposed on the village,” says Bibi. Prohibitory orders were clamped after police personnel on a raid were attacked last Friday in the neighbouring Choumondalpur village.
While the real motive remains unknown, villagers claim that the miscreants were supporters of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) belonging to other villages. The attack on Makhra was to terrorise the locals, they charged.
The village comprises mostly Muslims who, of late, have shifted their allegiance to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
“AITC leaders have usurped the wages of MGNREGA workers. Eight ponds were dug in the village but no payments were made,” Sheikh Hasan (name changed) said. He was injured in Monday’s attack.
One of the main reasons for the AITC coming to power in West Bengal was the consolidation of minority votes in its favour. The situation, however, has changed. A villager pointed out that Muslims were leaning towards the BJP seeking safety.
An eerie silence prevails in Choumondalupur, near Makhra, even after four days of the alleged attack on police personnel.
Villagers accused the police of vandalising their homes and damaging their property. Pointing to damaged electronic items and broken vehicles, they alleged that the raid in search of bombs was a pretext. Houses were broken into and looted and common tube wells were wrecked allegedly by the police.
Choumondalpur is also minority dominated, with only a few Hindu families in the village.
Here also, villagers claimed that AITC leaders were indulging in “excesses,” forcing them to look to the BJP for protection.
While AITC Birbhum district president Anubrata Mondal refused to comment on the charges, BJP Birbhum president claimed Muslims were turning to the BJP, enraging the AITC.

Twitter and Amgen Are Big Market MoversThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Lloyds  mechanisation is never mechanistic© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd99823c-5e97-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supply Rocket Headed to Space Station ExplodesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Mutual Funds bet big on small companiesYou are here: Home > Collections
Mutual Funds bet big on small companies
ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 04.12AM IST
Tags:
Companies
(According to the data compiled…)
Domestic mutual funds have doubled their investment in several small companies in the quarter ended September. According to the data compiled by ET, mutual funds increased their stake in about 124 small and mid-level companies with a market capitalisation of less than Rs 2,000 crore. ITD Cementation has seen the highest increase in MF investment from 1.98% in the June quarter to 18.08% in the September quarter. Gammon Infrastructure (up 10.06%), Omkar Speciality (7.04%),Jyoti Structure (6.84%) and NRB Bearing (5.92%) have also seen signifi cant rise in MF investment. This kind of interest by mutual fund managers in mid- and small-cap stocks was unheard of since 2009 when this category of shares rallied sharply. Some companies in which MFs have reduced their stake are Easun Reyrolle, Texmaco Rail, Hinduja Ventures and Tilaknagar Industries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed will go out of its way to be dovishOct 29, 2014, 09.04 AM IST
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Post your opinion here
The page you are seeking has expired and is no longer available on Moneycontrol.com
ADS BY GOOGLE

US core business continues to be a drag for Ranbaxy: CIMB08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Prakash Agarwal, Equity Analyst, CIMB shared his views on  Ranbaxy’s Q2FY15 earnings.
The pharma giant turned profitable in the second quarter of current financial year . It reported consolidated net profit of Rs 478 crore during the quarter as against loss of Rs 454 crore in the year-ago period. Its consolidated revenue grew by 16.3 percent to Rs 3,260 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 2,802 crore in same quarter last year.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Prakash Agarwal’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: What is your key takeaway from the conference call of Ranbaxy and what would your view be on the stock now?
A: Ranbaxy we have currently hold rating, target price is Rs 630. Stellar performance has been driven by one offs in the US business which is largely the 180 days exclusivity on Diovan. The numbers were much better in Diovan largely because of lower price erosion than expected. So that is the surprise by around USD 40-60 million which has led to better margins because these exclusivities have very high margins.
If you look at the core business I think the US core business as well as the exports markets and the API market all have declined anywhere from 15 to 25 percent. So core business continues to be a drag in our view. Though it should start improving now with base margins at 10 percent, we already have factored in some margin improvement for years to come. So core business weak performance but on a reported basis stellar performance.
Latha: Would you not expect that the Toansa and Dewas facilities now perhaps beginning some bit of normal production, things could be better, you don’t want to upgrade your price?
A: The Toansa and Dewas facilities are only for API and that too for the non US markets. This is for export markets ex-US so we already have enough buffer in the numbers, we have actually cut our core EPS numbers from 13 to 20 percent based on weak core performance as well as factoring in some higher depreciation and interest cost.
Sonia: When do you expect Ranbaxy to monetise the other FTFs like Nexium and Valcyte and would you scale up your earnings expecting that?
A: That was due this year and it has not come through. We are expecting this may be at the end of this fiscal or may be next year our company still maintaining that they will be able to monetise the same in due course.
Latha: What is the view on  Sun Pharma now?
A: We have a hold rating on Sun Pharma, our target price is Rs 830. If you look at the proposed acquisition we would see the revenue growth declining, we would see EBITDA margins diluting for at least couple of years. Also we value Sun largely due to the focus on the speciality segment. With Ranbaxy getting added we believe the core focus will dilute a bit. So we are positive on Dr. Reddy’s Lab ,  Lupin and  Cipla in the large caps, versus Sun and Ranbaxy.
Sonia: This time there was a big jump in the margins of Ranbaxy to almost 25 percent but going forward what is your estimate in terms of margins for the rest of the year?
A: On a reported basis we are at around 17 percent but if you look at the core margins the company was flat quarter-on-quarter around 10 percent. So on core basis we are still at around 10-11 percent but on reported basis we are at around 17-18 percent. We have taken some improvement in the core margins by about 200-300 bps every year.
Latha: You have Lupin among your buys but yesterday actually a few analysts thought that the numbers came below estimates and that the profit looked boosted only because they paid less tax.
A: The assessment is correct, these are generic businesses given the US FDA issues in terms of ANDA approvals not coming through, generic competition increasing resulting in greater price erosion. So that is what has happened so there has been a sequential decline in the US generic business which is below our estimates as well as street estimates. So the core revenues as well as core EDITDA has been lower than expectations.
The other income which is driven by forex, have added on to the inline PAT numbers. But if you look at structurally its favourable business makes robust ANDA pipeline, supports the buy argument plus it has turned net cash from fiscal 2014 it turned net cash at USD 4 billion, now it is net cash at around USD 8 billion. So we do expect some decent size acquisition which would be the near term driver and post which companies already identified its growth areas of inhalation and injectables which would start monetising from three years upwards.
RELATED NEWS

Air India signs code-share pact with Air AstanaOct 29, 2014, 08.33 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Air India signs code-share pact with Air Astana
A 'free flow' code-share arrangement gives marketing access to the operating carrier's inventory and allows it to market seats independently of the operating carrier.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Air India signs code-share pact with Air Astana
A 'free flow' code-share arrangement gives marketing access to the operating carrier's inventory and allows it to market seats independently of the operating carrier.
Post your opinion here
 
Air India, which is a part of the Star Alliance, officially announced here today that it has entered into a 'free flow' code-share pact with Kazakhstan's national carrier Air Astana to expand its presence in the fast growing CIS aviation market.
A 'free flow' code-share arrangement gives marketing access to the operating carrier's inventory and allows it to market seats independently of the operating carrier.
The agreement, which is subject to regulatory approvals, was signed by Air India Chairman and Managing Director Rohit Nandan and Air Astana Vice President for Sales Worldwide Richard Ledgerin New Delhi yesterday, according to an Air India release issued today.
"As a state-run airline and Star Alliance member carrier Air India feels honoured to enter into this code-share agreement with Air Astana. This agreement has enabled Air India to reach out to the CIS and eastern European market," the release quoted Air India CMD as saying about the tie-up.
The pact would benefit passengers across Air India's network as well as Star Alliance carriers to travel seamlessly between India and Kazakhstan, he said, adding that Air India looks forward to expand its relationship with the Kazakh national carrier.
Also read:  Tata-Airbus submit joint bid to make IAF transport planes
Air India already has code-share partnerships with 14 other airlines across the globe and Air Astana would be its 15th such partnership, the release said.
Under the free-flow code-share pact, Air India would code-share as a marketing carrier on flights operated daily by Air Astana (KC) on the Delhi-Almaty-Delhi route, the release said.
With this code-share agreement, Air India has opened its second gateway to CIS countries after it launched flight services to Moscow, making inroads into the Russian market, the Air India release said.
The pact with Air Astana is the beginning of the partnership between the two airlines and both the carriers look forward to an expansion of the code share beyond Almaty and New Delhi on each other's extensive flight network, the release said.
This code-share agreement would also facilitate strong flow of corporate traffic from professionals working in the oil and gas, pharmaceutical and information technology sectors, besides Indian students studying in the Central Asian Region, the release said.
RELATED NEWS

Hero MotoCorp up over 2% as RBI allows FIIs to buy paid up capitalHero MotoCorp rallies over 2% as RBI allows FIIs to buy up to 49% of the paid up capital
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 02.04PM IST
(Decision follows passage…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hero MotoCorp Ltd rose as much as 2.5 per cent today after the Reserve Bank allowed foreign investors to buy up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital in the company.
Hero MotoCorp's stock jumped 2.47 per cent to Rs 3,110 on the BSE. At the NSE, it was up 2.42 per cent to Rs 3,108.60.
"... Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital of Hero MotoCorp Ltd. (Earlier Hero Honda Motors Ltd) under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," RBI had said in a notification yesterday.
The decision follows passage of a special resolution to enhance the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
As of quarter ended September 2014, FIIs held 34.34 per cent in the company.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PI Industries crack 15% as net profit dips in Q2You are here: Home > Collections > Q2
PI Industries crack 15% as net profit dips in Q2 to Rs 49 crore
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 10.08AM IST
(Revenues shrunk by 7.8 per…)
NEW DELHI: PI Industries Ltd plunged 15 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the agri-input company reported a net profit of Rs 49 crore, down 11.4 per cent for the quarter ended September 30.
At 09:50 a.m.; PI Industries recouped some of the morning losses and was trading 6.6 per cent lower at Rs 413.65. It hit a low of Rs 376.15 and a high of Rs 421 in trade today. Including today's intraday fall the stock is still up over 60 per cent so far in the year 2014.
PI Industries also reported fall in revenues and EBITDA by 7.8 per cent and 21.1 per cent respective for the second quarter of the current financial year.
Revenues shrunk by 7.8 per cent YoY to Rs 426.6 crore while EBITDA slipped by 21.1 per cent to Rs 72.6 per cent, PI Industries said in a BSE filing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are PM Narendra Modis reforms clever gradualismSorry, but these reforms are plainly half-hearted. Some may even call them chicken-hearted. Modi is a great salesman, getting a lot of mileage out of minor measures and halfmeasures. But, clearly, he is avoiding radical reform.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Policy changes after the Maharashtra elections have sent animal spirits and stock markets soaring. Diesel has been decontrolled. The price of natural gas has been revised to $5.61, with a proviso to revise it every six months. Coal blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court are going to be auctioned soon. Earlier, there were some changes in labour laws and the 'inspector raj'. Optimists gushed about a new reform era.
Sorry, but these reforms are plainly half-hearted. Some may even call them chicken-hearted. Modi is a great salesman, getting a lot of mileage out of minor measures and halfmeasures. But, clearly, he is avoiding radical reform.
That leaves two possibilities. First, that he is by instinct a half-hearted liberaliser, and seeks fast growth through better administration rather than policy reform. After all, he produced rapid growth in Gujarat under the UPA's overall policies.
Glacial, But Impactful
The second possibility is that Modi does, indeed, have substantial reforms in mind, but believes in gradualism. Radical change may yield large gains, but it also creates immediate losers who can organise strong protests. Gradual change produces fewer short-term gains but also fewer losers, and so, does not stoke protests.
The classic demonstration of this was the raising of diesel prices by 50 paise per litre per month — too small to stoke protests, yet, it meant a substantial Rs 6 rise in price over a year. This policy was initiated by the UPA but followed by Modi. He may have the same approach in mind for other areas urgently requiring reform.
Hesitant First Steps
Take a close look at his reforms so far. He made only marginal changes to the UPA's interim railway budget and Union Budget, and cancelled the UPA proposal for raising suburban rail fares. True, he appointed a railway reforms committee. But many such railway committee reports in the past yielded zilch. The Jan Dhan Yojana and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan are continuations of UPA policies.
The deregulation of diesel is a major change, but it mainly represents Modi's luck in the steep fall in global prices. That has made possible deregulation. But diesel was deregulated by the Vajpayee government too, and controls came back when international prices rose. It remains to be seen whether Modi will act differently.
The Supreme Court's striking down of captive coal blocks provided a perfect opening for denationalising coal. Yet, the government has funked doing that, though it retains the option to denationalise later. Do we need another Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report to tell us that open bidding after denationalisation will produce much higher bids than captive auctions?
The price of natural gas should have been decontrolled. Instead, a new formula has been announced that retains price control, and violates the conditions in contracts promising a free market price. The Kelkar Committee's recommendation — let gas go to the highest bidders — has been rejected. Violating contracts is hardly the good governance Modi talks of, and will inhibit bidding for new exploration contracts that petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan hopes to launch.
Columnist Mihir Sharma expresses amusement that "such steps are being sold as great reform, just as a website for inspectors was sold as labour law reform and an electronic attendance register for bureaucrats as administrative reform". India still has 44 central laws and maybe 100 state laws on labour, and Modi needs to consolidate and scrap most of these. No sign of that, though.
Page 1 of 2

Sensex trades firm above 27000; top ten stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex trades firm above 27000; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.14PM IST
("After struggling to hold…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 200 points in trade on Wednesday to surpass its crucial psychological level of 27000, led by gains in Tata Motors, Infosys, RIL, ITC and Mahindra & Mahindra.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in realty, IT, FMCG and auto stocks.
At 3:10 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27096.87, up 216.05 points or 0.0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 27,062.12 and a low of 26991.03 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8092.20, up 64.60 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 8081.05 and a low of 8059.25 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
HPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 552 and a stop loss of Rs 520
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 262 and a stop loss of Rs 245
Eicher Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 12800 and a stop loss of Rs 12200
RIL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 980 and a stop loss of Rs 930
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Punjab National Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 890 and a stop loss of Rs 930
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 536 and a stop loss of Rs 514
Dish TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 60 and a stop loss of Rs 55.50
Apollo Hospitals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1155 and a stop loss of Rs 1084
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 545 and a stop loss of Rs 515
Dish TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 62.50 and a stop loss of Rs 55.00
Andhra Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 73 and a stop loss of Rs 78
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
BGR Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 160
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3890 and a stop loss of Rs 3805
M&M Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1320 and a stop loss of Rs 1283
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2460 and a stop loss of Rs 2320
Tata Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 96 and a stop loss of Rs 87
NMDC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 160
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP Securities
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 248
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 645
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 155 and a stop loss of Rs 138
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jubilant Life plunges after posting wider lossJubilant Life plunges 14.2 per cent after posting wider loss
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 10.33AM IST
0
Share More
Macquarie Securities cut its EPS estimates for the company to Rs 23.6 and Rs 30.3 for FY15 and FY16 from Rs 26 and Rs 33.3. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Shares in Jubilant Life Sciences plunge 14.2 per cent to a two-week low. The company reported a net loss of Rs 94.1 crore in the September quarter, compared with a net loss of Rs 80.58 crore posted a year ago.
Macquarie Securities cut its EPS estimates for the company to Rs 23.6 and Rs 30.3 for FY15 and FY16 from Rs 26 and Rs 33.3. "We believe free cash flow generation and margin recovery are quintessential for investors to regain confidence," it added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

KVASU students withdraw agitationUpdated: October 29, 2014 10:50 IST
KVASU students withdraw agitation
Tweet
The Hindu The students were seeking to stop admissions under the non-resident Indian (NRI) quota. Photo: special arrangement
The university had also started conducting an online spot admission for the remaining 36 seats in the programme from Tuesday.
A group of students, under the aegis of the Students’ Federation of India (SFI), who laid siege to the administrative block of the Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU) at Pookode in the district on Tuesday, withdrew their agitation.
The students were seeking to stop admissions under the non-resident Indian (NRI) quota.
The agitation was withdrawn after the Vice Chancellor reportedly told the students that the online spot admissions would be stopped for the time being. The university had provisionally admitted four of the 16 students who had applied for the BVSc and AH programme under the NRI quota on October 18 as per an interim order of the High Court on October 17.
The university had also started conducting an online spot admission for the remaining 36 seats in the programme from Tuesday.
The SFI launched an indefinite agitation when the KVASU called applications for admission to various courses under the NRI quota a few months ago, SFI State joint secretary K. Rafeeque told The Hindu.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had stated in the Assembly that there would be no NRI quota admissions to public educational institutions.

Shriram Mutual Fund announces dividendOct 29, 2014, 10.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shriram Mutual Fund announces dividend
Shriram Equity and Debt Opportunities Fund announces dividend, the record date for dividend is October 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shriram Mutual Fund announces dividend
Shriram Equity and Debt Opportunities Fund announces dividend, the record date for dividend is October 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shriram Mutual Fund  has announced dividend under the dividend option and direct Plan - dividend option of Shriram Equity and Debt Opportunities Fund . The record date for declaration of dividend is October 27, 2014.
The amount of dividend (Rs per unit) on the face value of Rs 10 per unit will be Rs 1.05 per unit each.
Q

SBI MF launches SBI Long Term Advantage Fund - Series IOct 29, 2014, 10.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SBI MF launches SBI Long Term Advantage Fund - Series I
SBI Mutual Fund launches SBI Long Term Advantage Fund - Series I, a 10 year close ended equity linked savings scheme with the objective to generate capital appreciation over a period of ten years by investing predominantly in equity and equity related instruments of companies along with income tax benefit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI MF launches SBI Long Term Advantage Fund - Series I
SBI Mutual Fund launches SBI Long Term Advantage Fund - Series I, a 10 year close ended equity linked savings scheme with the objective to generate capital appreciation over a period of ten years by investing predominantly in equity and equity related instruments of companies along with income tax benefit.
Post your opinion here
 
SBI Mutual Fund  has launched a new fund as SBI Long Term Advantage Fund - Series I, a 10 year close ended equity linked savings scheme. The investment objective of the plan is to generate capital appreciation over a period of ten years by investing predominantly in equity and equity related instruments of companies along with income tax benefit.
The new fund offer (NFO) will be open for subscription from November 01, 2014 to January 31, 2015. The face value of the new issue will be Rs 10 per unit. 
The scheme offers regular and direct plan with growth and dividend options.
The minimum application amount is Rs 500 and in multiples of Rs 500 thereafter.
The entry load is not applicable, exit load will be nil. 
The scheme would invest 80%-100% of assets in equities, cumulative preference shares and fully convertible debentures and bonds of companies with high risk profile and invest upto 20% of assets in money market instruments with low to medium risk profile. 
The benchmark Index for the scheme is S&P BSE 500 Index. 
The fund manager of the scheme will be Dharmendra Grover.
Q

Sesa Sterlite Q2 profit may fall 37% to Rs 1510 cr: PollLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sesa Sterlite Q2 profit may fall 37% to Rs 1510 cr: Poll
The metals and mining company is expected to report a 37 percent decline in second quarter profit after tax at Rs 1,510 crore compared to Rs 2,394 crore in the year-ago period, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Post your opinion here
 
Vedanta Group company  Sesa Sterlite is expected to report weak results in the second quarter as Cairn India’s numbers were subdued during the quarter. Sesa's profitability is solely driven by Hindustan Zinc and Cairn India as both companies contribute 75-80 percent of the total EBITDA of the company.
Sesa owns 58.9 percent stake in  Cairn India and has 65 percent shareholding in  Hindustan Zinc as of September 2014. Both companies' bottomline declined 33 percent Y-o-Y in Q2FY15.
The metals and mining company is expected to report a 37 percent decline in second quarter profit after tax at Rs 1,510 crore compared to Rs 2,394 crore in the year-ago period, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Total income from operations is likely to decline 23 percent to Rs 19,500 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 25,352 crore in the year-ago period.
Operating profit may fall 1 percent on yearly basis to Rs 6,400 crore but margin may expand 800 basis points to 33 percent in the quarter gone by.
In Q2FY14, operating profit was hit by forex loss of Rs 688 crore while profit was aided by tax credit of Rs 924 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Tata motors can breach 535ss today stop loss 519 buy buyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Getting super duper profits on my shorts 10 lots @ 472/- now standing ...New Member
1 Followers
GETTING SUPER DUPER PROFITS on my SHORTS 10 LOTS @ 472/- NOW standing at a WHOPPING Rs.2,40,000/- in just 3 days. SHORTERS ENJOY Your PROFITS. Ha. Ha. Ha.. ENJOY the DOWNRIDE.
11.05 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Ncc is expected to post excellant results in the second qrt almost dou...Platinum Member
83 Followers
Ncc is expected to post excellant results in the second qrt almost doubling topline..which inturn shd improve the sentiment for Madhucon and any improved results will make it to flare-up.
11.05 AM Oct 29th  | Track

Buy and hold at least till march april 2015. i am expecting huge money...New Member
0 Follower
buy nelco target 150 till budget Feb end.......business has turned around post restructuring....largest player in VSAT.....will immensely benefit due to banking penetration in villages and PMs digital India dream.....huge scalability to connect 2.5 lac villages......Tata group company
6.25 PM Oct 21st

LMW hopes to gain from defence spendingHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
LMW hopes to gain from defence spending
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Oct 29:  
Coimbatore-based Lakshmi Machine Works Ltd (LMW), the largest textile machinery manufacturer in India with a turnover of more than Rs 2,150 crore last year, has witnessed a rather subdued growth in the July-September 2014 quarter, with the turnover up by about 5 per cent compared to Q2 of last fiscal.
The company, which has expanded to China, does not expect to make any fresh investment in capacity addition this fiscal, reflecting the challenging environment the textile sector is facing now.
What should come as a relief probably is the boom witnessed by the automobile industry and the huge push the Centre has given to the domestic manufacturing sector by clearing defence projects valued at Rs 80,000 crore last week.
LMW, which has a machine tool & foundry division, expects to benefit from the defence push.
In an interview to BusinessLine, R Rajendran, Director-Finance, LMW, explains the tough situation the textile machinery sector is facing and the steps LMW is taking to cushion its impact.
Excerpts:
What were the reasons for the rather muted performance by LMW in Q2 of this year?
On account of exceptional item of VRS payment amounting to Rs 6.58 crore, there was a drop in net profit. Further, input cost increase has also resulted in reduction of net profit in spite of turnover growth of 5 per cent.
The textile machinery division has maintained the same turnover as mills find it difficult to get funds for their greenfield projects.
In respect of machine tools division, on account of buoyancy witnessed by automobile sector, the auto and auto ancillary industries are adding further investments to enhance capacity (which helped).
The Centre has cleared about Rs 80,000-crore worth defence projects (purchases). Do you expect to gain from that?
As the Government seeks to give a push to the manufacturing sector, the prospect of growth is possible in the near future. Our machine tool division is already catering to the defence sector. There is scope for further share of revenue from defence sector.
Can you explain how the technology transfer agreement LMW had signed recently with Veejay Lakshmi Engineering Works Ltd (VeeJay) will help you?
Veejay has developed an automatic cone winding machine which LMW would like to manufacture by technology transfer agreement. The project details are being worked out and we may come out with production within a year.
Are you planning any capital expenditure this year?
The current capacity of all our divisions is sufficient to meet the demand and hence there is no proposal to increase capacity.
How is the China venture doing? Are you planning more overseas investment?
The wholly owned subsidiary LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd is in the process of introducing another product namely Draw Frame in addition to Ring Frame. Our capital investment is limited to $12.5 million. No further investment from the parent company is envisaged. At present, we have no plans to add manufacturing facility elsewhere.
You had entered into a real estate venture with Sobha Developers here. Are you planning for more such forays?
In order to utilise the vacant urban land, we have entered into a joint venture with Sobha Developers Ltd.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Crude oil prices up ahead of Fed policy outcome  supply reportCrude oil prices up ahead of Fed policy outcome, supply report
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 29:  
Oil prices rose in Asia today as dealers await the outcome of a US Federal Reserve meeting and the latest US supply report.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude for December delivery rose 26 cents to $81.68, while Brent crude for December delivery was up 20 cents at $86.23 in mid-morning trade.
“The focus is clearly on the Fed, which has begun its two-day policy meeting,” Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said in a commentary.
A statement on the meeting’s outcome will be released at 1800 GMT tomorrow.
Bond-buying, interest rate hike
The US central bank is expected to announce an end to its vast asset-buying programme, which was credited with propping up the world’s biggest economy after the 2008 financial crisis.
Traders, having already discounted an end to the “quantitative easing” programme, are more interested in what bank policy makers say about the future direction of US interest rates.
“We expect the Fed to maintain its forward guidance on policy interest rates, saying they will remain low for a ‘considerable time’ once quantitative easing ends,” UOB said.
The Singapore bank added that the Fed will likely wait until December before it alters its guidance on interest rates, pending the release of more economic data.
US stockpiles report
Dealers, meanwhile, are also eyeing the latest US stockpiles report for clues about demand in the world’s top crude consumer.
US oil reserves are expected to have risen by 3.1 million barrels in the week to October 24, according to the consensus estimate of analysts polled by the Wall Street Journal.
The expected surge in stockpiles, coming after a 7.1 million rise last week, could add to worries about a global oversupply and put pressure on crude prices.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Black money holders list: Govt to give all names to Supreme Court todayCentre submits black money holders' list to SC, but names to remain secret
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 16:36  IST
Oct 29 2014, 16:36  IST
 

Asia stocks firm as Fed meeting wraps upDollar jumps as hawkish Fed ends QE
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/546f6540-5f1a-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sears Reportedly Closing More Than 100 Stores  Laying Off 5 457 WorkersSears Reportedly Closing More Than 100 Stores, Laying Off 5,457 Workers
Reuters
Updated:
10/24/2014  3:00 pm EDT
reddit
Sears Holdings Corp is  shuttering more than 100 stores and laying off at least 5,457  employees, investor website Seeking Alpha reported on Thursday,  indicating the struggling retailer may be stepping up store  closures.
Sears said in August it had closed 96 stores in the six  months since February and planned to close a total of 130  underperforming stores during the full fiscal year. It added at  the time that it may shutter additional stores beyond the 130  target.
Sears spokesman Chris Brathwaite declined to comment on the  number of planned closures, saying the company would provide an  update when it reports quarterly earnings next month. Reducing  operations to the best performing stores is key to Sears'  revival strategy, he said.
"While this has resulted in store closures where appropriate  - decisions that we do not take lightly - we continue to have a  substantial nationwide footprint with a presence in many of the  top malls in the country," Brathwaite said.
Sears shares rose 5.9 percent to $36.46 on Nasdaq at  mid-afternoon.
Since August the company has moved to close at least 46  Kmart stores, 30 Sears department stores and 31 Sears Auto  Centers, Seeking Alpha said, citing local media reports and  liquidation notices. (http://bit.ly/1z0RVyd)
Sears is closing stores to cut costs as it shifts to an  "asset-light" business model. The company lost nearly $1 billion  during the first half of the fiscal year in a downturn that has  worried some vendors and prompted a series of moves by the  company to generate cash.
On Monday Sears said it would raise as much as $625 million  through an unsecured loan and equity warrants, about half of  which will be purchased by Chief Executive Eddie Lampert and his  hedge fund. It was the company's third fundraising in a little  over month.
It also said on Monday that it would lease seven stores to  discount fashion chain Primark for an undisclosed amount,  reflecting its effort to use generate rental income from better  performing retailers.
Sears had 1,077 Kmart stores and 793 Sears stores in the  United States as of Aug. 2. The company had 226,000 U.S.  employees as of Feb. 1.     (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bangalore and Nathan Layne  in Chicago; Editing by Kirti Pandey and Richard Chang)
More:

JSPL shares plunge over 8 per cent on CBI inquiryJSPL shares plunge over 8 per cent on CBI inquiry in Saranda land irregularities
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 13:38 IST
Photo: Reuters
The shares of Jindal Steel & Power (JSPL), one of the top steel manufacturing firms slumped over eight per cent on Monday on reports that the CBI has started a fresh inquiry against unknown officials for alleged diversion of forest land in Jharkhand for mining purposes.
JSPL's stock tumbled to Rs 152.50 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the scrip was down 8.17 per cent to Rs 152.25.
CBI has started a fresh inquiry against unknown officials of Jindal Steel and Power Limited for alleged diversion of forest land in Jharkhand for mining purpose in collusion with Environment Ministry officials.
CBI sources on Friday said the inquiry has been initiated against unknown officials of JSPL and Environment Ministry for alleged irregularities in diversion of Saranda forest land in Jharkhand between 2007-13.
They had said nearly 512.43 hectares of ecologically sensitive Saranda forest in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand were diverted for Ghatkuri Iron Ore mining lease project in favour of JSPL.

SoftBank of Japan to invest $10 b in IndiaNEW DELHI, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 20:23 IST
SoftBank of Japan to invest $10 b in India
PTI
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi with SoftBank Corporation CEO Masayoshi Son in New Delhi on Monday.
TOPICS
investments
It will look for opportunities in telecom and the fast-growing e-commerce sector
Telecom giant SoftBank has pledged an investment of $10 billion (over Rs.60,000 crore) in India’s IT and communications space, one of the biggest investment commitments from a Japanese firm after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to that country.
Softbank — one of the major telecom and internet corporations of Japan — will look for opportunities in telecom and the fast-growing e-commerce sector in India.
The proposed investment was committed by Softbank Chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son in a meeting with Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, an official statement said on Monday.
“Mr. Son today assured the Minister that SoftBank would like to invest about $10 billion in India in the coming years. He placed it on record that India is the top most priority for SoftBank,” the Telecom Ministry statement said.
Mr. Son told Mr. Prasad that the visit of the Prime Minister to Japan had created a climate of hope and optimism about greater economic cooperation between the two countries, it added.
With a market cap of $92 billion, SoftBank has operations in broadband, fixed line telecom, e-commerce, finance, media and marketing. SoftBank already has made investments in Indian companies, including InMobi and Hike.
“He (Mr. Son) further expressed immense faith in the great e-commerce potential of India. He estimated it to become a $0.5 trillion business in the next ten years,” the statement said.
Sources said SoftBank had plans to invest in e-commerce firm Snapdeal. However, Softbank and Snapdeal did not immediately respond to queries on the matter.
SoftBank Chairman also asked Mr. Prasad to develop a robust mobile phone infrastructure and resolve spectrum issues.
Mr. Prasad shared the Prime Minister’s ideas and informed Mr. Son about the incentives such as electronic manufacturing clusters and the package scheme that the government was providing to boost electronic manufacturing in India, the statement said.
“The Minister also informed Mr. Son about the vision of the government to transform India into an IT product nation,” it added.
Besides, Mr. Prasad discussed the smart city project of the new government for which Rs.7,060 crore had been earmarked in the current year’s Budget.

Growth in motor  health segments raises UII net 3%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  UCO Bank looks at identifying KFA as wilful defaulterE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Iconic Santro  Spark to hit end of the roadProduction of Hyundai Santro and Chevrolet Spark to hit end of the road
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 28 Oct, 2014, 07.30AM IST
Tweet
The final lot of Hyundai Santro units will roll out in the last week of November, GM is expected to end production of Chevrolet Spark in December.
MUMBAI: Hyundai Motor will soon stop producing the Santro, the South Korean automaker's launch model in India that has become a synonym for the company and earned the country the label of a small-car manufacturing hub. Another hatchback that was once popular in the local market, the Chevrolet Spark , is also nearing the end of its life cycle. The final batch of Santros will roll out of the assembly line in the last week of November, while GM is expected to end production of the Spark in December, said people with knowledge of their plans.
The Santro and, to a lesser extent, the Spark in its previous avatar as the Daewoo Matiz were the first to challenge the hegemony of Maruti Suzuki (then Maruti Udyog) cars in the Indian market. With their manufacturers now planning to pull the plug on these models, the entire first generation of entry-level cars will be gone. Maruti stopped producing the M800, its first model, and the Zen that competed directly with the Santro and Matiz some time ago. Since its launch in October 1998, Hyundai has sold more than 1.36 million Santros in India and exported another 5,35,000.
GM has sold over 1,65,000 units of the Spark in seven years since taking over the car portfolio of Daewoo. "We affirm Santro is in production and is a part of our portfolio of 10 brands and is available at all dealerships for sale and has strong fan following," a Hyundai Motor India spokesman said when asked whether it is going to stop production of the model in November. GM India vice-president P Balendran said the company hasn't made a decision yet.
Sources said the companies now believe that the models have reached the end of their life cycle. Hyundai is looking to also free up capacity to manufacture more units of its newer models, said people with knowledge of the company's plans. Despite its portfolio getting expanded, the Santro is one of the strong brands in Hyundai Motor India's portfolio still, selling an average 2,900 units a month.
"The versatility of the Indian market is unmatched, where newly launched vehicles trail off volumes rapidly and a decade-old vehicle churns out strong numbers," said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive. "The life cycles of all these vehicles are longer than expected due to strong demand forces. If the vehicle proves its worth in the eyes of the consumer, the consumer demand forces the manufacturer to continue with the vehicle."
While the likes of Ford Motor, Honda Motor and General Motors entered India more or less at the same time, it was Hyundai which posed any real threat to Maruti. At a time when the Santro was launched, the market had also seen high-profile launches of the Daewoo Matiz and Tata Indica. The demand for the Santro was so high that Hyundai started making cash profits within seven months of launch, said BVR Subbu, one of the key architects in establishing the brand in India.
"It has never happened before (an automaker breaking into profit in seven months) and it will never happen ever again," said Subbu, who left the company in 2006 as its India president and is now an industry consultant. "The management would have been happy with 1,00,000 volumes in five years, whereas Hyundai sold over a million vehicles in seven years."
If the Maruti 800 started the automobile revolution in India in the 1980s, industry experts say the Hyundai Santro had taken it to another level. Hyundai adopted the strategy of sourcing one part from one vendor, instead of relying on multiple suppliers for a single component. That allowed the company to extract firm commitments from vendors on volumes — there was a clause of compensation in case they failed to meet the commitment. At the time of the Santro launch, each of Hyundai dealerships was equipped with a quality paintshop, which was a rarity among competition at the time, to ensure better services to customers.
Santro was the first car to make its global launch in India. Hyundai exported it to the markets of South Korea, Europe and the US from India. The launch of the Santro in India had come at a critical juncture for Hyundai. South Korea was going through one of the deepest economic crises, and the company's endeavour to make an entry into Canadian market did not go as desired. In India, banks were not willing to lend to the company and advertising agencies were not forthcoming.
KV Kamath, then head of ICICI, visited the company's factory before making adecision on lending funds, Subbu said. Hyundai got the loan, but at 7.5 percentage points higher than the market rate. Tata Motors around the same time secured funding at just half a percentage point over the market rate.

Indian economy lost Rs 50K cr on iron ore mining banYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian economy lost Rs 50,000 crore on iron ore mining ban
Anindya Upadhyay, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Indian economy around Rs 50,000 crore in…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian economy lost $8 billion (around Rs 50,000 crore) in the last two years due to ban on mining iron ore, while mineral-rich Goa alone lost Rs 3,000 crore — the state's estimate in its new mining lease policy.
The ban was lifted in April, but miners are pessimistic as they do not see a quick upturn as the international market conditions are not favourable. Also, Indian customers in the global market have turned to other suppliers, who would not easily let their customers go, industry officials said. Goa's Grant of Mining Leases Policy, 2014, says stoppage of mining also had a cascading impact on other sectors. It said the exposure of financial institutions was more than Rs 850 crore as loan/advance on mining sector to trucks, barges, machinery and small time operators.
"This has also affected...more particularly small co-operative banks, which had advanced loans... In fact, non-payment of the installments has adversely affected the financial state of the smaller co-operative banks and societies," the policy adds.
It said the impact of the ban was "vicious". "Indeed, it is a matter of record that the country on account of stoppage of mining operations, has suffered a loss of nearly $8 billion. Stoppage of the mining operations has a cascading effect of a vicious nature. Not only those who are directly involved in mining such as the mining companies, truck operators, barge transporters, mining machinery owners, but small time business / industry such as tea stalls, automobile workshop, petrol pump, consumer goods vendor, road side tyre service provider etc. have all suffered," says the new policy.
Almost a fourth of Goa's revenues come from mining, with about 1,50,000 people — 10% of the state's population — depending on the sector. The policy estimates loss of Rs 3,000 crore due to the 2012 ban on iron ore mining in the state, making the state lose out on exports of low grade iron ore, a space now occupied by Australian and Brazilian suppliers. Meanwhile, industry associations don't see any immediate pick up in mining operations even though the ban was revoked in April this year.
S Sridhar of Goa Mineral Ore Exporters Association says although mining leases are being renewed, operations will not be able to pick up immediately. "It is difficult to say when operations can finally be restarted. It can't happen before next year," Sridhar told ET over phone.
Members of an expert team associated with the government of Goa, said even though the state was quickly renewing mining leases, the glory days of 2007-08 are not going to be back soon as the current export market will not be as lucrative as it once was. "The Chinese market for iron ore has shrunk in the last couple of years and Indian supplies will no longer fetch the prices they once fetched. Further, the market has been vacated to some extent to players from other countries. Also, the market in India is not receptive to Goan ore. The party would have ended anyway. It just ended a couple of years earlier for Goa," said one of the members requesting anonymity.
According to economists, lower GDP growth in the last two years has a lot to do with mining slowdown and the activity may not pick up immediately "Manufacturing and industrial growth have been weakest in 2013-14 in the last two decades, with mining having a visible impact. Now there seems to be a flurry of activity in the sector but the effects will take time to reflect on the overall economy," said CRISIL chief economist DK Joshi.
Mining of iron ore was banned in Goa in September 2012 after findings of the justice MB Shah commission report estimated loss of Rs 35,000 crore to the exchequer due to alleged illegal mining over 12 years.
The new policy also states that the 'critical situation' arising out of the stoppage of mining operations needs to be remedied at the earliest "in order to avoid any chaos, disorder and the situation going out of control".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government gearing up to bring in bill to open coal sectorYou are here: Home > Collections
Government gearing up to bring in bill to open coal sector
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 06.13AM IST
Tags:
Auction
(Guidelines for the auction…)
NEW DELHI: The government is working overtime to start the auction of coal blocks and introduce a bill in Parliament by December as a follow-up to the ordinance that facilitates the sale and allows the coal sector to be opened up.
Guidelines for the auction will be framed by November and an inter-ministerial panel will be set up to do the groundwork, which follows the Supreme Court's order scrapping coal blocks awarded to companies since 1993. The panel's tasks will include identifying mines, segregating them for various sectors and appointing an official liquidator and a commissioner of payments.
The committee will have senior officials from the Ministry of Coal, the Central Mine Planning & Design Institute and the ministries of power and steel, a senior government official said.The government also plans to set up a Directorate General of Coal, on the lines of the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons for the petroleum sector, which will conduct the auction of coal blocks in a fair and transparent manner.
The Supreme Court last month cancelled the allocation of coal blocks, including those that have started production, after declaring them illegal. In 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India had passed adverse comments against the allotments.
The official said the coal ministry will seek advice from the law ministry on the proposed amendments to two laws governing coal mining in the country -- the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act of 1973 and the Mines and Minerals (Development & Regulation) Amendment Act of 1957.
The October 21 ordinance allowing commercial mining by private companies and the auction of coal blocks has to be converted into legislation in the winter session of Parliament, likely to start from November 24.The coal ministry has asked companies whose captive coal blocks were cancelled for details on the cost of land acquired by them and the machinery employed at mines.
If the companies fail to provide the information within a fortnight, the government will presume no cost has been incurred towards land and mine infrastructure.
According to the ordinance, the government will 'e-auction' all 204 cancelled captive coal blocks and 74 mines are expected to be put up for sale in the first round, likely in December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Two-wheeler firms ring in bumper sales this seasonTweet
Two-wheeler manufacturers have seen record sales this festival season, mostly riding on price cuts and programmes aimed at enticing customers.
NEW DELHI: Two-wheeler manufacturers have seen record sales this festival season, mostly riding on price cuts and programmes aimed at enticing customers. Analysts and industry executives are predicting the strong seasonal demand to take October sales to an all-time high. Market leader Hero Moto-Corp retailed 200,000 units on October 21 when the country celebrated Dhanteras — a day considered auspicious to make purchases — without any discounts or freebies.
Several other manufacturers, too, seem to have recorded bumper sales, albeit with some help from discounts and promotional schemes. The local two-wheeler unit of Hero MotoCorp's partner turned-competitor Honda Motor registered its highest ever single-day sales of 165,000 units on of Dhanteras. Newspaper advertisements show that Honda Motorcycles & Scooters India offered 100% finance, zero-down payment with no documentation and processing fee and a low EMI of Rs 999 on its mass-market Dream series motorcycles across several markets during the festival season.
"While the overall demand is strong, we are offering zero down payment and free insurance on our Dream series range to prop up seasonal demand," said YS Guleria, its national marketing and sales head. He predicted sales to hit a monthly record in October. Bajaj Auto, TVS Motor and Yamaha have also been running discount and promotional programmes, according to advertisements issued by them. Bajaj has been offering a low EMI scheme on its Platina and Discover models.
Those who purchased the Platina under a financing scheme were given a table fan as gift. Similarly, TVS has been offering low down payment and freebies such as suitcases and a tank full of petrol to customers in certain markets. Even on the popular Jupiter scooter, TVS is offering 100% finance at zero interest rate in some markets in the west zone, the largest consolidated market for scooters in India.
Yamaha has also been giving a tank full of petrol free with some of its two-wheeler models in a few markets. In some of the markets in western India, Bajaj Auto has been offering low rates of interest across its product range, along with gifts. Hero MotoCorp, however, has so far refrained from offering price-offs or freebies tocustomers.
"It's a strong pull for our products that helped us to put up phenomenal sales during Dhanteras this year," A Srinivasu, head of national sales at Hero MotoCorp, told ET.
"We had anticipated this demand and were prepared with the robust 6-lakh plus dispatch in the month of September," he added. Scooters, which are the flavor of the season posting 32% growth in the first half of the current fiscal year, too, could not escape the discount hammer. Yamaha and Mahindra are offering gifts and cash benefits up to Rs 2,000 on the Alpha and Rodeo badges, respectively, in certain markets. Analysts tracking the industry say October should be the best ever month for twowheelers with sales likely to cross the 16-lakh mark.
"After a long-haul, the Indian two-wheeler market has seen such offers and cash benefits to customers. While in some markets the discounts were heavy, like those on the cars, helping companies to woo customers and benefit from high sales as people tend to spend high in the festive season," said a Delhi-based analyst working with a global consultancy firm.

Maruti Alto K10  Old versus NewMaruti Alto K10 – Old versus New
28 Oct, 2014
Source: indianautosblog.com
The new K10 will be the most affordable automatic car in the country.
Next month, Maruti Suzuki will launch a replacement for the Alto K10, a model that has sold 4.3 lakh units since its launch in 2010.
Production of the new K10 has already started at Maruti's Manesar plant, and Maruti released the first official images to the media a few days ago.

India  Vietnam to enhance economic cooperationIndia, Vietnam to enhance economic cooperation
Ashwini Phadnis
New Delhi, Oct 28:  
India and Vietnam have agreed to enhance bilateral trade to $15 billion by 2020.
Notwithstanding Chinese objections, India today went ahead to enhance its presence in hydrocarbon-rich South China Sea and inked a pact with Vietnam for exploration in two additional oil and gas blocks besides deciding to step up cooperation in key areas of defence, security, trade and counter—terrorism.
A joint statement issued after the talks said that the leaders of both the nations agreed to take measures to significantly expand and diversify trade for mutually beneficial results.
It said the countries would strive to cross the set target ahead of time.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said India remained commited to modernisation of Defence and security forces.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung held wide—ranging talks on important bilateral, regional issues and pitched for “freedom of navigation and commerce, and peaceful settlement of maritime disputes in the region“.
"This will include expansion of our training programmes, joint exeercises and cooperation in Defence equipment. We will quickly operationalise $100 million line of credit that will enable Vietnam to acquire new naval vessels from India," Modi said.
He also thanked the visiting dignitary for Vietnam for his commitment to collaboration with India in its oil and gas sector and its additional offer of exploration blocks.
New blocks
A senior Government official said that Vietnam has offered India two new blocks and extended the period for one existing block by two years.
The blocks offered are in Vietnam territorial waters and are from among the five Vietnam had offered India earlier.
Space
India has also agreed to increase cooperation in space, including in space applications and the launch of Vietnam's satellites.
Today’s agreements on oil exploration are likely to irk China, which has an acrimonious relationship with Vietnam due to their standoff over the South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons. China has been objecting to India’s oil exploration projects in the disputed waters.
(With inputs from PTI)
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Sensex rebounds 128 points to over 1-mth highMarket Update: Sensex rebounds 128 points to over 1-mth high, pharma stocks rise
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 17:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Tuesday rebounded about 128 points to end at over one-month high and Nifty reclaimed the 8,000-mark on the back of good corporate earnings and rising hopes of a cut in interest rates.
Pharma, banking and power shares led the rise, amid positive cues from global markets as Europe opened higher.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices, which will help India cut current account deficit and ease fuel price inflation further, also buoyed sentiments, brokers said.
The 30-share Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex index, after opening firm at 26,788.73, improved to touch day's high of 26,907.14. It settled with a net gain of 127.92 points, or 0.48 per cent, at over one-month high of 26,880.82.
On Monday, Sensex shed 98.15 points on profit-booking.
The 50-share NSE Nifty recovered 35.90 points, or 0.45 per cent, to close at 8,027.60 after shuttling between 8,037.80 and 7,995.05. It had shed 22.85 points on Monday.
Recovery was supported by gains in Sun Pharma which climbed 4.64 per cent. Cipla surged 3.31 per cent, SBI rose 2.67 per cent, ICICI Bank jumped 1.76 per cent and Tata Power gained 2.48 per cent among 17 Sensex gainers.
Pharma stocks gained after Ranbaxy, which is in the process of a $4 billion merger with Sun Pharma, reported consolidated net profit of Rs 477.75 crore for September quarter, pushing its share price by over 6 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers which helped indices to rebound included GAIL, BHEL, M&M, HDFC, TCS, ITC, L&T, and Coal India .
"Pressure is mounting on the Reserve Bank to cut rates at its December meeting, Jaitley's recent call to lower rates to encourage construction activity has revived expectations for rate cuts," Singaporean brokerage DBS said in a note.
Elsewhere in Asia, markets ended mostly mixed as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve two-day monetary policy meet which starts later in the day.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index gained the most by surging 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent, Auto 0.33 per cent and Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent. On the other hand, BSE Oil & gas fell 0.23 per cent, FMCG by 0.12 per cent and Metal index by 0.03 per cent.
Asian stocks ended mixed after US American data from home sales to manufacturing fell short of estimates and investors awaited a Federal Reserve decision on its stimulus programme.
Key benchmark indices in South Korea, Singapore and Japan fell by 0.33 per cent to 0.38 per cent while indices in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan rose by 1.63 per cent to 2.07 per cent.
European markets were quoting strong in their late morning deals on good earnings by some companies. The CAC was up by 0.52 per cent, the DAX by 1.36 per cent and the FTSE by 0.51 per cent.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "The outcome of Fed meet will show the road ahead to the market. The Federal Reserve is set to announce the completion of its quantitative easing programme and is expected to wait for the right time to hike interest rate".
Seventeen scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended higher while 13 others finished lower.
Besides big gainers, others from the Sensex pack include Cipla 2.92 per cent, Tata Power 2.48 per cent, SBI 2.38 per cent, Gail India 1.96 per cent, ICICI Bank 1.83 per cent, M&M 1.41 per cent, NTPC 1.30 per cent and BHEL 1.21 per cent.
Laggards were led by Hero MotoCorp that fell by 1.68 per cent, Bharti Airtel 1.15 per cent, HUL 0.83 per cent, Dr Reddy's Lab 0.82 per cent, RIL 0.81 per cent and ONGC 0.75 per cent.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Healthcare rose by 1.42 per cent, followed by Power 0.96 per cent, Consumer Durables 0.75 per cent, Bankex 0.66 per cent and Capital Goods 0.52 per cent.
Total market breadth turned positive as 1,510 stocks ended in green and 1,370 finished in red. The total turnover rose to Rs 2,763.91 crore from Rs 2,613.97 crore on Monday.

Sonakshi Sinha  Ajay Devgn shake a leg with Amitabh Bachchan on KBCentertainment
Sonakshi Sinha, Ajay Devgn shake a leg with Amitabh Bachchan on KBC
Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha along with her 'Action Jackson' co-star Ajay Devgn visited Amitabh Bachchan’s game show, ‘Kaun Banega Crorepati’. Sonakshi, who debuted her short  hair look, shook a leg with the legendary  actor on the sets. (Source: Facebook by Amitabh Bachchan)
Ajay and Action Jackson director Prabhu Dheva also joined Sonakshi. The trio impress Amitabh Bachchan with their steps. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonakshi Sinha looked chic in black accessorized with a twang of gold. Seen here with Ajay Devgn. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonakshi Sinha - Tere mast mast do nain. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ajay Devgn, last seen onscreen in 'Singham Returns' looked dapper as he gave the camera a pose. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sonakshi smiles while Ajay looks on. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Will wait till new CM takes oath  says Sena on supporting BJP in MaharashtraPrint
Asked if the Sena will support its former ally in forming the state government, Raut chose to maintain silence. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 7:33 pm
Asserting that it has not demanded any specific portfolios from BJP, the Shiv Sena on Tuesday said it will wait till the swearing-in of new Chief Minister before taking a final call on supporting its former ally.
“There is a lot of false news being spread in the media that we have demanded the post of the Deputy Chief Minister or some specific portfolios in return of our support to BJP. I want the media to stop focusing on baseless rumours. We have not demanded anything yet,” Sena MP Sanjay Raut told reporters on the sidelines of his meet with party chief Uddhav Thackeray at the latter’s residence.
Asked if the Sena will support its former ally in forming the state government, Raut chose to maintain silence.
“There is no point in saying anything at the moment. We will speak when the time comes. For now, please wait till the new CM takes oath on the 31st of this month,” Raut said.
Notably, the Sena had yesterday spoken openly in favour of a BJP-led coalition government for the first time and on Tuesday, in an editorial in party mouthpiece ‘Saamana’, it praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for changing the cultural face of the country.
Senior Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi, who also met Uddhav on Tuesday, told reporters that he had general discussions with the party chief and they did not discuss politics.
“We didn’t meet for any special talks. I am like a family member to Uddhavji and it is not abnormal for me to visit him. I can only say let BJP make the first move and then we will decide on our support to our former ally,” Joshi said.

New bank licences to companies pose risksNew bank licences to companies pose asset quality risks: S&P
Suvashree Dey Choudhury     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 21:46 IST
Reserve Bank of India
The government's plan to grant new banking licences to companies could increase risks in the banking sector given the chance that new entrants could be lax about loan standards, Standard & Poor's said in a report on Tuesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is cautiously opening up banking sector to companies. The RBI awarded two new licences in April after a gap of 10 years in a country where only one household in two has access to formal banking services.
The central bank will come out with fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences , or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
"The sector's stability or risk appetite could be hit if any of the new players relax their underwriting standards or undercut prices to gain market share," said S&P.
The rating agency also highlighted the risks from a prolonged weakness in banks' asset quality, which could hurt economic recovery.
S&P said it expects gross non-performing loans to rise to 4.5 per cent by the end of March 2015 from 4 per cent in the previous year.
However, Indian banks fare better on potential economic risks compared with Brazil and China due to a conservative central bank, stringent capital regulations under Basel III, and moderate inflation-adjusted real estate prices, S&P said.
The rating agency recently upgraded the outlook for India's "BBB-minus" rating to "stable" from "negative", citing the prospect of government reforms.
(Reuters)

State Bank of Hyderabad Q2 net up 91%Updated: October 28, 2014 19:33 IST
State Bank of Hyderabad Q2 net up 91%
PTI
banking
State Bank of Hyderabad on Tuesday said its net profit for the second quarter ended September 30 was up by over 91 per cent to Rs. 311 crore. The public sector bank had posted a net profit of Rs. 163 crore during the same quarter last year.
Income from Interest rose by 4.7 per cent to Rs. 3,451 crore during the quarter against Rs. 3,296 crore in the corresponding quarter during FY14, SBH said in a statement.
“Intensive NPA (Non-Performing Assets) recovery efforts taken by the Bank have yielded results, and the Gross NPAs declined from Rs. 6,174 crore in June 2014 to Rs. 5,654 crore in September 2014. As a result, Gross NPA ratio declined from 6.26 per cent to 5.73 per cent, and Net NPA ratio reduced from 3.37 per cent to 2.87 per cent, during the period,” the bank said.
Bank’s total business stood at Rs. 2,19,307 crore at end of the second quarter of the current fiscal, consisting of total Deposits of Rs. 1,20,664 crore and total Advances of Rs. 98,643 crore. The Credit Deposit Ratio was at 83.19 per cent as on September 30, against 80.10 per cent by last year’s Q2 end.
The bank opened 57 branches during the first half of the year, taking total branch network to 1,751, it said.

Devendra Fadnavis is the next Chief Minister of MaharashtraDevendra Fadnavis is the next Chief Minister of Maharashtra
Our Bureau
Meets Governor to form Government
Mumbai, October 28:  
The BJP on Tuesday elected 44-year-old Devendra Fadnavis as the leader of the Maharashtra Legislature Party. His elevation has cleared the path for his anointment as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
Fadnavis will be the first BJP Chief Minister of the State.
He later met Governor Vidyasagar Rao to stake claim to form the Government. However, the party’s former ally Shiv Sena has still not given a clear indication about joining the Government.
Whether the BJP forms a minority Government with external support from the Nationalist Congress Party or teams up with Shiv Sena and forms a coalition will be known only in a few days’ time, said sources.
The newly elected BJP MLAs met at the State Legislature on Tuesday and elected Fadnavis. The meeting was presided over by Home Minister Rajnath Singh, who is the party-appointed observer overseeing the election process in the State.
BJP General Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy told mediapersons that Fadnavis’ name was recommended by senior leaders such as Eknath Khadse, and seconded by Sudhir Mungantiwar and Vinod Tawde. He was elected unanimously, Rudy added.
Fadnavis later said he was thankful to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rajnath Singh and BJP President Amit Shah for choosing him as the leader. “I would be privileged to be Chief Minister of Maharashtra,” he declared.
After the BJP won the Assembly election with 122 seats, Fadnavis’ selection for the Chief Minister’s position was a foregone conclusion. Sources indicated that he was the favourite of the party bosses due to his family and personal association with the RSS.
Although he has not held any public office in the past, Fadnavis’ clean image worked in his favour, sources added.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Tiki Barber On Russell Wilson Criticism: It s An  ExcuseTiki Barber Talks Russell Wilson And Why He's Taking Eli Manning Over Peyton Manning
Posted:
reddit
Retired NFL running back and and former New York Giants All-Pro Tiki Barber joined HuffPost Live to discuss running the New York City marathon on Sunday on behalf of the PitCCH Foundation to help inner-city youth. The 39-year-old Barber also broke down the controversy surrounding Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl winning quarterback not being "black enough," and why the reigning champs traded Percy Harvin.
Barber also discussed his involvement in the fight against autism, the state of Giants head coach Tom Coughlin, why he would take Eli Manning over Peyton Manning and who will win the 2015 Super Bowl.
Email me at jordan.schultz@huffingtonpost.com or ask me questions about anything sports-related at @Schultz_Report , and follow me on Instagram @Schultz_Report. Also, be sure to catch my NBC Sports Radio show "Kup and Schultz," which airs Sunday mornings from 9 to 12 EST and 12-1 for fantasy football, right here .
More:

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 in India priced at Rs 1 649E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee strengthens to 61.25 in early tradeRupee trims early gains; still up 1 paise at 61.31
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
The rupee trimmed its early gains but was still trading a tad strong at 61.31 against the dollar at 4.05 p.m. local time due to mild dollar demand from importers amid firm equity market.
After opening strong by seven paise to 61.25 against the dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today on increased selling of the US currency by exporters and banks, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.25 and 61.35 in the afternoon trade.
According to forex dealers, the dollar’s weakness against other currencies overseas as investors await news from the US Federal Reserve about interest rate plans for the world’s largest economy and a firm domestic equity market supported the rupee.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

India ranks 142 in World Bank s  Doing Business  rankingIndia ranks 142 in World Bank's 'Doing Business' report
Arun Kumar     Washington   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 13:44 IST
Three of the country's regulatory reforms benefiting local entrepreneurs were in the areas of starting a business, getting electricity, and protecting minority investors (Photo: Reuters)
A new World Bank Group report finds that the country set the pace for regulatory reform in South Asia in 2013-14 with 20 reforms - the region's largest number during the period.
India was followed by Sri Lanka with 16 reforms while three countries - Bangladesh, Nepal, and Pakistan - focused their efforts on adopting modern electronic systems to facilitate business activity.
The 'Doing Business 2015: Going Beyond Efficiency' report released on Wednesday found that four of eight economies in South Asia implemented at least one regulatory reform making it easier for domestic entrepreneurs to do business in the 2013-14 financial year.
"Doing business is easier in economies with administrative efficiency and strong regulatory protections," said Rita Ramalho, Doing Business report lead author, World Bank Group.
The report noted that in India a little over a decade ago, an entrepreneur seeking a loan to grow his business would have had little luck, because financial institutions lacked access to information systems to assess creditworthiness.
"Today, thanks to the creation and expansion of a national credit bureau offering credit scores and coverage on par with those in some high-income economies, a small business in India with a good financial history is more likely to get credit and hire more workers," it said.
Three of the country's regulatory reforms benefiting local entrepreneurs were in the areas of starting a business, getting electricity, and protecting minority investors, including through the adoption of the new Companies Act of 2013.
The government made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, but also made it more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations, the report said.
These changes apply to both, the national capital and Mumbai. In addition, the electricity utility in Mumbai made getting electricity less costly by reducing the security deposit for a new connection.
Finally, the country strengthened minority investor protections by requiring greater disclosure of conflicts of interest by board members, increasing the remedies available in case of prejudicial related-party transactions, the report said.
It also introduced additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies. This reform applies to both Delhi and Mumbai.
In 2014, for the first time, Doing Business collected data for a second city in economies with a population of more than 10 crore.
In India, it now analyses business regulations in the country's national and financial capital; in Bangladesh, in Chittagong and Dhaka; and in Pakistan, in Lahore and Karachi.
The report covering 189 economies worldwide, found that Singapore tops the global ranking on the ease of doing business.
Joining it on the list of the top 10 economies with the most business-friendly regulatory environments are New Zealand; Hong Kong SAR, China; Denmark; the Republic of Korea; Norway; the United States; the United Kingdom; Finland; and Australia.
(IANS)

NASA supply rocket explodes afterliftoffPrint
This image taken from video provided by NASA TV shows Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned rocket blowing up over the launch complex at Wallops Island, Va., just six seconds after liftoff. The company says no one was believed to be hurt and the damage appeared to be limited to the facilities. (AP Photo/NASA TV)
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:04 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 5:53 pm
An unmanned U.S. supply rocket exploded shortly after lifting off from a commercial launch pad in Virginia, the first disaster since NASA turned to private operators to run cargo to the International Space Station.
The 14-story Antares rocket, built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp, blasted off from the Wallops Flight Facility at 2222 GMT on Tuesday but burst into flames moments later and plunged back to the ground in a massive ball of fire and smoke.
No one was hurt in the crash, authorities said. The craft was carrying a Cygnus cargo ship bound for the station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations that orbits about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.
Another resupply vehicle, the unmanned Russian Progress spacecraft, successfully launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan just hours later with nearly 3 tons of food, fuel and supplies. That craft was due to reach the station later on Wednesday.
The loss of the Cygnus supply vessel posed no immediate problem for the orbiting team of six crew members – two NASA astronauts, one from the European Space Agency and three Russian cosmonauts – officials said.
“There was no cargo that was absolutely critical to us that was lost on that flight. The crew is in no danger,” NASA Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier said.
The cause of the mishap was under investigation, said Frank Culbertson, Orbital Sciences executive vice president.
Russia’s Roskomos space agency said it was ready to help ferry extra U.S. cargo to the International Space Station if NASA requested such assistance.
“If we get a request to urgently deliver some U.S. cargo to the ISS with the help of our freighter, we will satisfy it,” RIA news agency quoted a senior Roskosmos official, Alexei Krasnov, as saying. “But there has been no such request for now.”
Cygnus had been due to loiter in orbit until Nov. 2, then fly to the station so astronauts could use a robotic crane to snare the capsule and attach it to a berthing port.
The station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations, orbits about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth. It is overseen by Russia and the United States, whose relations are at a low ebb over the Ukraine crisis.
Footage of Tuesday’s launch showed the Antares rising slowly into the night sky as flames suddenly engulfed the rocket, about 11 seconds after liftoff, before the vehicle sank back downward.
Ronda Miller, manager of the Ocean Deli in Wallops Island, Virginia, told Reuters she felt the force of the blast from the eatery, about 5 miles (8 km) from the launch pad.
“We were standing outside waiting for it to launch and we saw bright red, and then we saw a big black cloud, and it shook the whole building where we work,” Miller said.
Orbital Sciences stock fell 15.5 percent to a two-month low of $25.65 in after-hours trade.
The Cygnus mission was non-military, but the company’s Antares program manager, Mike Pinkston, said the craft included “some classified cryptographic equipment, so we do need to maintain the area around the debris in a secure manner”.
An unmanned Orbital Sciences Corp.’s Antares rocket headed for the International Space Station lifts off from the Wallops Flight Facility on Wallops Island, Va. on Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014 shortly before exploding. No injuries were reported following the first catastrophic launch in NASA’s commercial spaceflight effort. (Source: AP)
RUSSIAN ROCKET ENGINES
The accident renewed questions about the use of Russian engines in U.S. rockets.
The Antares is powered by the AJ-26 engine built by GenCorp Inc division Aerojet Rocketdyne. In May, an AJ-26 exploded during a ground test at NASA’s Stennis Space Center in Mississippi.
Orbital Sciences and Aerojet have not yet released the cause of that engine failure.
Congress has been more concerned about Russian-made RD-180 engines that power United Launch Alliance’s Atlas 5 rockets, used primarily to fly U.S. military satellites.
The RD-180 has had no technical problems, but Russia has threatened to suspend exports in response to U.S. trade sanctions prompted by Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region. United Launch Alliance is a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
It was unclear how much Tuesday’s explosion would cost Orbital Sciences, whose flight was partly insured. The rocket itself and the cargo ship it carried were valued at $200 million, Culbertson said.
NASA officials said damage on the ground appeared limited to the launch facility, but its full extent was not immediately known.
Culbertson told reporters on a conference call that the pad was the only one certified for launching the Antares rocket, so its repair was a top priority, adding: “We will not fly until we understand the root cause and the corrective action to make sure this doesn’t happen again.”
The Antares rocket has been launched successfully on four prior missions. Tuesday’s launch attempt had been delayed a day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket’s intended flight path.
Virginia-based Orbital Sciences is one of two companies NASA has hired to fly cargo to the station after the space shuttles were retired. Tuesday’s planned flight was to be the third of eight under the company’s $1.9 billion contract with NASA.
The second U.S. supply line to the station is run by privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, which is preparing for its fourth flight under a separate $1.6 billion NASA contract, slated for Dec. 9.
The Cygnus carried a prototype satellite owned by Redmond, Washington-based startup Planetary Resources Inc., which is developing technology to mine asteroids. The company said it still planned to have a second vehicle included on a U.S. commercial launch in 2015.
Orbital Sciences is in the midst of merging with Alliant Techsystems Inc’s Aerospace and Defense division, a deal that analysts expect to close sometime early next year.

Ashutosh Gowariker postpones shoot of Mohenjo Daro for injured HrithikRoshanPrint
By: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 10:58 am
Filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker decided to postpone the shoot of Mohenjo Daro by a few weeks so that lead actor, Hrithik Roshan can recuperate fully from this injury and be ready for the shoot.
Seen in this picture with Deepika Padukone at Aamir Khan’s Diwali bash. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ashutosh Gowariker announced his next venture with Hrithik Roshan a few months ago titled Mohenjo Daro. Based on the famous Harappan civilization, this period drama will have Hrithik Roshan playing the historic character once again like their previous film Jodhaa Akbar. However, the shooting that was to commence from next month has suffered a set-back.
Of late, Hrithik Roshan was spotted at public appearances and Diwali celebrations with a sling bandage on his right arm and that seems to be the reason for the current delay. Filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker decided to postpone the shoot of Mohenjo Daro by a few weeks so that lead actor, Hrithik Roshan can recuperate fully from this injury and be ready for the shoot.
Doctors have advised Hrithik a strict six week rest for his shoulder but Ashutosh has given him an additional three weeks in order to fully heal since the film is physically demanding and challenging, as far as the action sequences are concerned.
Commenting on the same, producer Sunita Gowariker added, “Yes, its true that we have postponed the shoot of Mohenjo Daro. Ashutosh and I both felt that we wanted Hrithik to recuperate fully before beginning the film especially since we plan to start with action sequences. So now we’ll start shooting in the first week of January instead of end November. Hrithik being 100% physically fit is important to us and so shifting the shoot by a few weeks made a lot of sense.”
Mohenjo Daro is an epic love story, set during the Indus Valley Civilization jointly produced by Disney India’s Studio business and Ashutosh Gowariker Production Pvt. Ltd. (AGPPL) The film will mark the debut of model Pooja Hegde who will be seen playing the female lead in this film.

On Fadnavis agenda for today  meeting with allies over portfolioallocationOnly BJP ministers will take oath along with Devendra Fadnavis
Written by Parthasarathi Biswas | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 10:48 am
Devendra Fadnavis, the chief minister designate of Maharashtra, will be holding a series of meeting with the party’s allies before finalising the list of names to be sent to the Governor for his swearning in ceremony.
Fadnavis, who was elected the leader of the BJP’s legislative party, is said to have indicated that the first list of ministers who will take oath on Friday will only be from the party. The allies, it seems, will have to wait for the first cabinet expansion.
Post its break up with Shiv Sena, the BJP had decided to go with Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP), Swambhimani Paksha and Republican Party of India (Athavale) for the state election. Other than RSP none of the allies managed to win any seats. However, the allies have staked claims to ministerial berths on the basis of per poll agreement.
Rahul Kul, the RSP MLA from Daund, said the party leadership will be meeting Fadnavis on Wednesday morning to decide on the ministerial claims. RSP sources indicated that if a cabinet berth is given to RSP, its president Mahadev Jankar would join the ministry and in case a state ministership is given, Kul will be taking the oath.
Similarly, Raju Shetti the Swambhimani Shetkari leader said his party would be talking to Fadnavis about the party’s claims to the cabinet. “”We will take a decision based on the offer made to us,” he said. Shetti’s close confidant Sadabhau Khot is touted to be included in the ministry.
The smaller parties have expressed their displeasure with the BJP post their rout in the Assembly elections and are hoping to get plump berths to keep their flock together.

For first time Karnataka Lok Ayukta hits 100 mark for corruptioncasesPrint
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: October 29, 2014 10:42 am
Despite just two months remaining in 2014, the Karnataka anti-corruption ombudsman, the Lok Ayukta, has for the first time booked over 100 state government officials for corruption in a single calendar year. The Karnataka Lok Ayukta crossed the century mark for corruption cases for 2014 last week when it carried out simultaneous raids on four government servants in Bellary, Koppal, Mysore and Shimoga and unearthed illegal assets worth Rs 4.6 crore.
The Karnataka Lokayukta police through the cases registered last week surpassed the 100 mark and the previous annual record of 97 corruption cases registered in the year 2008. According to data from the office of the Lokayukta as many as 97 cases were registered in the year 2008, 54 cases in 2009, 41 cases in 2010, 32 cases in 2011, 35 cases in 2012 and 71 cases in 2013. This year until last week the Lok Ayukta had registered 100 cases of corruption.

Imran Khan  Kangana Ranauts Katti Batti goes onfloorsPrint
"Katti Batti" -- a Bollywood take on new age love relationships -- has gone on floors.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 10:33 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 10:38 am
“Katti Batti” — a Bollywood take on new age love relationships — has gone on floors.
The shooting of the UTV Motion Pictures’s film started Monday.
Starring a unique onscreen pair of Imran Khan and Kangana Ranaut, the film is directed by Nikhil Advani. It will release next year.

Currency daily report for Oct 29What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Forex Charts powered by Investing.com.
The Forex Quotes are powered by Investing.com .
DATA BANK

Russian threats awaken US rocket industrySatellite pinpoints US’s Russian space dependence
By Robert Wright
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d0eadfdc-dbbc-11e3-a460-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian space threat may boost US rocketsRussian space threat may boost US rockets
By Robert Wright in New York and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbdf6374-db81-11e3-a460-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New websites and apps make travel hassle-freeStory
Tripping on apps
If the travel bug nips you often and without warning, get ready to roll with these exciting websites and apps.
Anindita Satpathi        Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Cab renting is a breeze thanks to the translation app.
Travelling is fraught with as many niggles as Jerome K Jerome hilariously depicted in Three Men in a Boat. Featuring a typically Brit boating holiday gone horribly wrong, the book is a mantra for millions of hopeful travellers bent on making every trip a journey to remember.
However, it may not be as much fun when you're at the epicentre of a series of mishaps, starting from lost luggage to a missed flight. For once, abject digital dependency may actually be the answer. With your mind all over the place on the day of the journey, a planner could be just the thing you need to keep track of everything.
From apps that sync flight timings with daily appointments to websites that let you book flights last-minute, all you have to do is reach the airport on time. Cab renting is a breeze thanks to the translation app. Plan your itinerary around weather forecasts and impromptu festive celebrations that might clog the roads. If you're feeling peckish, find recommended restaurants nearby. Your induction into the community of digital travellers is now complete.
Choose your Seat
Seatguru Did somebody beat you to your favourite window seat again? Use this handy app to shrug off much of the dread associated with long-haul flights. Interactive seating charts give you an insight into legroom, location of video screens, access to electrical outlets and proximity to emergency exits. You can also recommend or diss airlines, based on your experience, to fellow fliers. Airlinemeals.net JetLag Genie
Get Organised
Hipmunk.com Optimised results and a visually brilliant search engine make Hipmunk the go-to portal for travellers. The stuff of dreams for fliers short on time, it even integrates with Google Calendar. For instance, it prompts you when a meeting is too close to your flight's arrival time. The hotel search function, unlike other sites, prioritises location and not price. Believe us, patrons just can't stop gushing about the Hipmunk user experience. Ajungo.com Worldmate.com
Flight Deals
Skyscanner.com When it comes to viewing flight deals from over 1,000 airlines and travel agents in one go, this is your best bet. Compare and find the cheapest deal as the website throws up all-inclusive prices and directs you to each airline's website. Try out Skytools for additional features. After making a mark in India, Skyscanner plans to expand its footprint with a snappy mobile app. MakeMyTrip.com Ixigo.com
Hotels and Resorts
Lonely Planet.com The perfect site for detailed inputs on local flavour, budget resorts and food hubs, as provided by travel experts, adventurers and zealous tourists. If you're curious about a new destination, run a quick check on Lonely Planet. Raveable.com Grantourismotravels.com
Route Guidance
RoadTrippers This route planner has a mish-mash of user-friendly elements to complement the smart interface. From off-beat spots to restaurants and quirky attractions, there's never a dull moment behind the wheel. The snappy app has a gas-tracking feature that estimates the fuel cost of your journey. You can add up to 28 destinations and make it one rollicking ride. Rometorio Tripadvisor offline city guides
Lap of Luxury
Mrandmrssmith.com Reviewing luxury boutique resorts is not as easy as it looks. Say hello to the Tommy and Tuppence of the hospitality world as they travel to exotic destinations across the world. Get insider tips on must-try exclusive services and know which sea-facing rooms to sweetly insist on. The advice, based on first-hand experience, makes travelling a complete joy to behold. Slh.com I-escape.com
Nearby Eateries
Foodspotting Still your growling tummy - here's an app that will never be at a loss when you need to zero in on a foodie joint. Armed with exclusive information on each restaurant, cafe and street food stall, it opens up a world of gastronomical options for the user. Find out where the cool kids hang and the best joints for local grub. The locals are kind enough to help with droolworthy images and detailed reviews. Dig in. Eater.com Eat your world
Translate Local Language
Voice Translate Pro This app addresses nearly every translating woe, making the lives of hapless tourists everywhere a little easier. With a database of over 100 global languages, it interprets information instantly, so you'll have no trouble seeking directions in a foreign land. Don't give up on trying to pick up the local accent, though. Lonely Planet Audio Phrasebooks Word Lens

Blackberry Passport isn t meant for massesStory
Let's talk business
Trying to win back its business clients, BlackBerry has gone ahead with a squarish chassis over the typical, rectangular slab design.
Blackberry Passport
BlackBerry Passport
Trying to win back its business clients, BlackBerry has gone ahead with a squarish chassis over the typical, rectangular slab design. The 4.5-inch display feels broader than the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. The display is bright, vibrant and offers amazing viewing angles with the 1440x1440 pixel resolution.
This isn't an all-touch device and has a QWERTY keypad too. It isn't designed for a single-hand operation or to slide it in your jeans pocket but it has a sturdy build. The square display's sole purpose is to talk business. Be it reviewing spreadsheets or browsing the web, you get more space to read without zooming in.
The BlackBerry OS 10.3 makes it easy to use such an awkward-sized phone . As reaching the power key on the top is slightly difficult at times, swiping up from the bottom of the display does the job. Similarly, the Priority Hub gives access to important notifications. The phone is a master at multitasking with eight apps running in the background.
There is a search assistant software onboard that does a decent job with India accent too. For apps, other than the BlackBerry App World, we have Amazon Appstore onboard that gives access to far more apps.
BlackBerry has also upgraded the camera to 13 MP resolution, which by far is the best BlackBerry camera I have ever seen. The images are sharp and crisp. Topping it all is the awesome battery life.
Price: Rs 49,990
Plus: Design, build quality, camera
Minus: Apps

When iPhones ring  the economy listensE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

What to look-out for in a property for rent. Check out!Ashutosh Limaye
(If you are buying a house…)
A lot of investors buy property on the basis of back-of-the-envelope calculations of rental income. Unfortunately, many of the assumptions they use are not realistic. If you are also planning to buy property to rent out, make sure you do not make the same mistakes.
The first assumption is that the property will earn rent throughout the year. The calculation can go awry if you are not able to find a tenant. This is especially true if the property is in a far-flung and sparsely occupied locality. You might also have to shell out 15-30 days' rent as brokerage if you find a tenant through an estate agent.
To earn an attractive rental return, buy the apartment in a service or manufacturing hub. "You may buy the apartment at some distance from the employment hub, but it should be well-connected. You may then get the flat at a lower price and be able to earn a higher yield of 6-7%," says Ashutosh Limaye , head, research & REIS, JLL India. He cites the example of Old Madras Road in Bangalore, which is well connected to Whitefield.
Another flawed assumption is that the rent received will be net return. Rental income is eligible for a 30% deduction but the balance 70% is added to the income of the owner and taxed as normal income. If you are in the highest 30% tax bracket and earn Rs 20,000 as rent from your property, the post-tax income will be only Rs 15,634 a month.
It's a bit easier if you have taken a loan, because under Section 24b, the interest paid on the loan can be deducted from your total income. It certainly brings down the cost of the loan. Here again, keep in mind that the interest portion of the EMI keeps coming down every month. So, the tax benefit will dwindle with every passing year.
Residential or commercial property?
Investors are also swayed by the greater demand for residential property. True, such property has a higher demand, but the prices push down the rental yields. "Rental yields from residential property are very low at 2.5-3%," says Limaye. On the other hand, commercial property offers rental yield of 6-9%. "However, buyers of residential property are compensated by higher capital appreciation," points out Sanjay Sharma, managing director, Qubrex, a Gurgaon-based real estate consultancy.
There are other advantages as well. It is easier to find tenants for a residential property. However, an investor must also take into account the legal implications if the tenant refuses to vacate the property.
Also consider the tax implications of owning a house. If the house is lying vacant, you have to pay tax on the deemed rental from it at marginal tax rate after 30% deduction. Owners of vacant residential properties also have to pay wealth tax at the rate of 1% of the amount by which the combined value of your assets exceeds Rs 30 lakh. Commercial property is not included in the computation of wealth tax.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi s real estate sector stuck in no man s landUrban areas in and around Delhi constitute 40% of unsold real estate in top eight cities
Ravi Teja Sharma, M Rajshekhar & Avinash Celestine, ET Bureau Oct 27, 2014, 04.42AM IST
Tags:
India
(The NCR has a total of 303.48…)
NEW DELHI: Guess who probably had a terrible Diwali? The capital's builders. Just look at one simple statistic. Urban areas in and around Delhi account for a stunning 40% of unsold real estate in India's top eight cities. So, why is it so gloomy in NCR? Why does Bangalore and even Mumbai look better?
THE PROBLEM
The NCR has a total of 303.48 million sq ft (about 303,000 apartments) of unsold real estate, according to property research firm Liases Foras. At the current pace of sales, this stock requires another 53 months to be completely sold off. In comparison, for the Mumbai region, the figure is about 48 months while it is the lowest for Bangalore at 19 months. For the top eight cities combined, the 765 m sq ft of unsold space will require at least 35 months to be sold.
The festive season this year has failed to bring cheer to builders despite many of them doling out offers which include ones where buyers have to pay 10% of the apartment cost upfront and the rest at the time of possession. Brokers say they are getting a lot of enquiries from buyers but not too many conversions.Riding on improved sentiments, home sales in the NCR are up about 10% over the previous quarter, but sales are still not happening at the pace that is usually associated with the festive period. In good years, builders were able to garner almost 30-40% of their sales for the entire year during this threemonth period.
BUILDING NOWHERE
But it's not just the size of the unsold 'inventory' that makes Delhi the worst off among the real estate markets of larger cities. 56% of the unsold real estate in NCR is in areas which are currently uninhabitable. In other words, while the apartments have come up, the other essential infrastructure — roads, sewage systems, or water connections — have not. In comparison, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) has 168 m sq ft (168,000 apartments) and Bangalore has 113 m sq ft (113,000 apartments) of unsold space of which just 2% of the inventory is in undeveloped areas in each city. While sales have slowed down in Mumbai as well, the real reason is more to do with high prices.
"NCR is a very inefficient market where a lot of projects were launched in undeveloped areas," says Pankaj Kapoor, MD of Liases Foras. Take for instance the Dwarka-Manesar Expressway. Its location in Gurgaon is closest to Delhi and several projects were launched here a few years back but work on the expressway has not been completed yet though some builders are close to giving possession to buyers.
"As the level of sales dropped, the interest of developers in creating social infrastructure also reduced," says Samarjit Singh, managing director of IndiaHomes, a real estate brokerage firm. Over the last few years, a number of scams and project related issues that have cropped up across NCR have also scared buyers. While project delays are a big issue, cases against developers such as the one where the Competition Commission of India slapped a fine of Rs 630 crore on DLF for unfair trade practices in a few of its Gurgaon projects, or environmental concerns such as those around development near the Okhla Bird Sanctuary, have added to the gloom.
SPECULATORS
And while the real estate market in every city has its share of speculators - investors who don't really want to live in the flats they buy and essentially see them as an investment they can flip quickly to other buyers — the NCR has far more than its fair share. In NCR, well over 50% of those who buy property think of it as a short-term investment, pushing builders to launch hundreds of projects over the last few years without so much as a thought to the main premise of real estate — location. "The problem in the NCR is peculiar," says Mudassir Zaidi, national director - residential at Knight Frank India.
"Prevalence of investors is compounding the problem as they are also selling their inventory, undercutting developers on price as they do not have the holding capacity." When the economy was riding high, these investor-buyers flipped properties at ease within six months of buying them, thus making a killing and raising prices. But the same market is now gasping for breath as actual buyers started to pull back in an uncertain market.
 
"There is a logjam in NCR because the trust deficit about the builder community here is the worst compared to other cities," says Singh, pointing out that the list of developers still maintaining their reputation is now very small in the NCR. Buyers, he says, now prefer buying apartments in completed projects or in ones that are at a very late stage of construction.
Kapoor of Liases Foras says in locations where social infrastructure is in place and the price too is compelling, home sales are still robust.
ACCHE DIN FOR ONLY A FEW

Eurozone bonds brush off ECB stress testsEurozone bonds brush off ECB stress tests
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ee02502-5dc7-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Civilian supremacy and defence reformsUpdated: October 28, 2014 01:13 IST
Civilian supremacy and defence reforms
Happymon Jacob
national politics
India should not wait for another crisis to recognise the pressing need for higher defence reforms. There are sufficient studies, reports and recommendations that the government can depend on while planning the restructuring process. It can also consider an Act of Parliament to offset the existing resistance to defence reforms
Prime Minister Narendra Modi should appoint a defence minister — a full-time one — and demonstrate a great deal of administrative acumen and political will if he is serious about his declared intent to strengthen India’s national security and defence preparedness. Indeed, the absence of a full-time defence minister is merely symptomatic of a larger set of serious structural problems being faced by the country’s higher defence management today, which is in urgent need of innovative reforms and radical restructuring. Mr. Modi’s address to the Combined Commanders Conference in New Delhi on October 17 found no mention of structural reforms in higher defence management whereas his predecessor did mention it from time to time even though the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government had sidestepped implementing the crucial reforms.
The disturbing reality today is that in the absence of a full-time defence minister and by not introducing defence reforms, it is the civilian bureaucracy — having generalist IAS officers whose expertise in defence matters is questionable — that has a major say in the country’s defence planning and decision-making. This needs to change.
Committee recommendations
The demand for reforms in India’s higher defence management is a long-standing one and has grown in strength ever since the Kargil Review Committee (KRC) recommended a number of reforms. In 2000, the then National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government appointed a Group of Ministers (GoM), with four task forces on intelligence reforms, internal security, border management, and higher defence management, to review the country’s defence preparedness in the light of the KRC’s recommendations. Many of the recommendations made by the GoM were only partially implemented. And the most important one, of creating the post of Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), was ignored.
“It is the civilian bureaucracy that has a major say in the country’s defence planning and decision-making. This needs to change.”
As a result, it has been widely perceived over the past decade or so that the country’s defence sector needs further restructuring. In response, the UPA government appointed a task force on national security under the chairmanship of Mr. Naresh Chandra in 2011; it submitted its report a year later. Although classified, some of its content has been leaked to the press. Many of its recommendations were not to the liking of the Ministry of Defence (MoD) and the Defence Minister. As a result, the UPA government lost an opportunity to introduce crucial reforms. The report was to have been taken up by the Cabinet Committee on Security in February this year — after the government sat on it for no less than one-and-a-half years, but it was too late by then as the UPA government felt that it should not take key national security decisions in its final days in office. It’s now the turn of the NDA government to act.
Key issues
One of the key issues that should be addressed by the Modi government is the GoM’s recommendation to appoint a five-star military officer to serve as the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) who then will be the single-point military adviser to the government. The CDS will chair the meetings of the Chiefs of Staff Committee (CoSC) and smoothen the process of military planning, streamlining budgetary requisitions and effecting coordination between the three services. This proposal was earlier shot down by the MoD as it feared that a “super general” would bypass the civilian bureaucracy in defence decision-making. There has also been opposition to the idea from within the military, by the Indian Air Force (IAF). The Chandra committee, being cognisant of the bureaucratic opposition to the CDS proposal, watered down the authority of the CDS and instead recommended the creation of a four-star permanent chairman of the CoSC. According to reports, this chairman, to be appointed on a two-year tenure on a rotational basis among the three services, will not only coordinate various inter-service issues but will also be in charge of the country’s tri-Service Commands: the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) dealing with India’s nuclear forces and the Andaman and Nicobar Command (ANC). This too was put on the back burner after opposition from the MoD.
Another issue is the creation of tri-service theatre commands. While the future of warfare lies in joint planning and operations, the Indian defence establishment has ignored it. As a result, the country’s defence planning is deeply reflective of service-specific strengths, weaknesses and visions. Issues that should be addressed jointly by all three services are hardly ever the priority of any of the services. Without a common leader, each service chief tends to be the spokesman of his own service. The primary concern is about a protection of autonomous turfs, and not in promoting jointness as it is bound to challenge claims of autonomy. The IAF’s opposition to the establishment of tri-service theatre commands is one such example.
Building expertise
The other area of concern is the absence of synergy among the various arms of the state dealing with defence and national security: the armed forces, the MoD, the Ministry of External Affairs and the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). An attempt at synergy was made in 1986 when the Directorate General of Defence Planning Staff (DGDPS) was formed, but it never got anywhere because civilian officers were not keen on working in the DGDPS which functioned under the CoSC. Post-Kargil, the KRC report had proposed the integration of the armed forces headquarters with the MoD, as doing so would have led to more cohesion in the country’s defence planning. Instead, the government created the Integrated Defence Staff (IDS) — run by three-star officers and with hardly any role in the defence decision-making. It does not fulfil any of the intended purposes. In June this year, Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley laid the foundation stone of the IDS building in New Delhi. He emphasised the need to develop “synergy between the services to achieve optimum force application”. But the IDS, Mr. Jaitley should know, is a stillborn institution and cannot contribute to synergy among the forces.
The GoM and Chandra committee reports strongly recommended the posting of military officers to important posts in the MoD to improve defence planning. Generalist IAS officers who spend one or two years in the MoD are unlikely to understand the highly complex nature of defence issues and strategic planning. This is the result of an unhealthy tendency in the government to prioritise routine administrative management over strategic planning based on specialised domain knowledge. It is time the government realised the need for specialised knowledge and expertise in the MoD. This can be taken care of by encouraging civilian officers to build expertise in strategic affairs and involving the services in strategic decision-making.
Standing committee reports
It is not as if politicians are unaware of what ails India’s higher defence structures. Various defence related parliamentary standing committee reports have not only supported reforms but have often expressed displeasure over the lack of their implementation by the MoD. In 2007, one such report, on the CDS, said that “the Government should take the GoM’s recommendations as well as this Committee’s concern in this matter seriously and take the final decision on CDS at the earliest.”
In 2009, another standing committee on defence (SCD) said that it is “of the considered view that the creation of an additional post of Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) to act as Chairman of the CoSC is essential to ensure optimum level of jointness among the different wings of the Armed Forces and to provide single-point military advice to the Government.” Parliamentary committees have also been critical of the Defence Ministry’s unwillingness to implement the required reforms. The second SCD report of the 15th Lok Sabha said: “Merely writing letters even from the level of the Defence Minister is not sufficient. There is an urgent need to use the various fora of interaction with the leaders of the political parties … The Committee expects the Ministry to take the effective steps as suggested above so that the institution of CDS is set up expeditiously.”
The Defence Ministry’s favourite excuse for not carrying out defence reforms is that there is no political or inter-service consensus on what shape the reforms should take. The reality is that it has never been serious about creating such a political consensus, and it will remain a pipe dream. The lack of inter-service agreement on defence reforms is not difficult to overcome. Today, there is clear consensus among the services on the issue of the CDS even though such consensus has still to be arrived at on the issue of tri-service commands.
The other excuse is that keeping the military out of decision-making strengthens civilian supremacy over the armed forces, a flawed argument for a number of reasons. One, while civilian supremacy should imply the supremacy of the political leadership, in India it translates into the overlordship of the civil services over the armed forces given that political bosses hardly have any time to manage defence related issues. As a result, the defence secretary, a generalist IAS officer, is the one who advises the minister on defence issues besides “managing” the armed forces. Second, since generalist bureaucrats in the Defence Ministry are not experts in the defence sector, they are either reluctant to carry out reforms whose importance they don’t understand, or actively obstruct them fearing the loss of the authority they have traditionally enjoyed. Creating a special cadre of defence specialists is one way to overcome this problem.
India should not wait for another crisis to recognise, all over again, the need for higher defence reforms. There are already sufficient studies, reports and recommendations that the government can depend on while planning the restructuring process. The government could also consider an Act of Parliament to offset the existing resistance to defence reforms.
(Happymon Jacob teaches at the School of International Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. E-mail: happymon@gmail.com)

Strike action by miners boosts copperOctober 27, 2014 6:23 pm
Strike action by miners boosts copper
Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3cbc31be-5e00-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Call Telecom acquires 70% stake in NimbuzzYou are here: Home > Collections > Whatsapp
New Call Telecom acquires 70% stake in Nimbuzz for $ 175 million
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.53AM IST
Tags:
India
("We see huge potential for…)
NEW DELHI: New Call Telecom , a UK-based Internet service provider, has acquired a 70% stake in India-headquartered Nimbuzz for about $175 million, valuing the instant messaging, voiceover-internet call and mobile ad services provider at more than eight times its expected revenue for this fiscal year, underlining the huge interest in the segment.
"We see huge potential for new revenue streams and very large expansion of broadband in India through this," Jerome Booth, chairman of the UK firm and its principal investor, told ET He added that the company is planning more acquisitions in the Indian market in the fields of fixed line broadband, Wi-Fi and e-commerce. While New Call didn't share any financial details, a person close to the development said Nimbuzz was valued at as much as $250 million, mainly due to its 201 million strong subscriber base and monetising capabilities.
"This purchase will be done in part cash and some in the form of stock," the person added-.Nimbuzz chief executive Vikas Saxena will continue in his position and drive growth at the company, which will operate as New Call's unit. So-called over-the-top (OTT) services, which include messaging and calling apps, have proved highly popular, with adoption levels soaring in many countries over the last two years. That has led to Facebook's $19-billion acquisition of WhatsApp, which has more than 600 million active subscribers, and Japanese internet giant Rakuten's $900-million purchase of Viber, with 450 million users.
The services are driving much higher levels of user engagement, while eating into the messaging and voice revenues of telecom operators globally Nimbuzz has around 30 million users in India, against 60 million users of WhatsApp, Viber's 25 million and 30 million for Japan's Line.
While the New Call-Nimbuzz deal is smaller, the valuation --over eight times Nimbuzz's expected revenue of $30 million this fiscal year -- has caught the eye of analysts. Nimbuzz has been doubling its revenue over the last three years. According to Neil Shah, research director at Counterpoint Research, features such as cross-platform reach, third-party chat functionality, voice calling and advertising capability have played a major role in Nimbuzz getting a $250-million valuation.
"In the last two years, Nimbuzz had some big deals with handset makers and telecom operators in India as well as at global level. Investors would have considered these aspects too," Shah said. International calling contributes 30% to the overall revenue of Nimbuzz, while mobile brand advertising is the biggest revenue generator at 60%. India's international long-distance calling market is estimated to be around $1 billion, including both inbound and outbound traffic.
The acquisition will allow New Call to compete head on with Microsoft-owned Skype, Shah said.In a month, the Nimbuzz platform processes more than a billion voice-over-internet call minutes and in excess of 100 billion messages besides operating one of the largest mobile advertising platforms in South Asia, Middle-East and North Africa regions.New Call will integrate the capabilities of the Nimbuzz platform along with a plethora of new apps with its Wi-Fi and home broadband services in India, and eventually in other parts of the world.
"Nimbuzz's technology and advertiser connect will be key to monetisation of any Wi-Fi network getting rolled out in India," Eastwood said. Nimbuzz will also become an incubator for apps for New Call.The company is also looking to integrate the capabilities of Nimbuzz with its international call business to further lower charges for customers, he added-.New Call is also preparing to close another acquisition deal in the country in the Wi-Fi segment. Eastwood said this was in the final stages of approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB). "We would be announcing it a month or so," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In quick succession! Lovebirds Anushka Sharma  Virat Kohli spotted together againentertainment
Official now? Lovebirds Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli enjoy dinner together
Rumoured lovebirds Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli seem to have thrown all caution into the air as the couple has been openly flaunting their relationship of late.  A day after being spotted at the ISL match, the duo made yet another appearance at a popular nightspot in Mumbai on Monday night (October 27). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Love is in the air! Anushka Sharma was absolutely radiant with a wide smile on her face. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma were accompanied by her brother, Karnesh. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The trio definitely seemed to be having a blast as they shared a laugh in the car. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Virat has Anushka in splits.
The couple was also seen at the recent Indian Super League match on Sunday (October 26). (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Is it love? Anushka can't hide that smile. The actress has been the talk of the town due to her forthcoming film, ‘PK’ along with Aamir Khan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Anushka Sharma picked a floral printed outfit for the night. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Beau Virat was cool in a white tee shirt, denims and sneakers. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Virat and Anushka leave post their dinner.
Buzz is that the romance is to be taken seriously. We hear, there was a recent ‘meet the parents’ that went down as well. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Amazon to buy first Indian start-upAmazon
(Amazon India is in advanced…)
BANGALORE: Amazon India is in advanced talks to buy a minority stake in gift card technology and retail firm QwikCilver Solutions, according to three people aware of the development. The deal, if successful, will mark the first investment in an Indian startup by the Seattle-based firm which is battling rivals Flipkart and Snapdeal for primacy in India's online retail industry.
"Amazon could pick up about 20% in QwikCilver," said one person directly aware of the talks who did not want to be identified. ET was not able to ascertain the value of the likely deal.
The Bangalore-based company has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Accel Partners and Helion Venture Partners, who are the two main investors.
It was founded in 2008 by Kumar Sudarsan, TP Pratap and Bhaskar Vasudevan, all three alumni of BITS-Pilani. QwikCilver, which provides backend technology for the gift card business of several retailers including Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle, Westside and Croma, has also been coveted by Flipkart, according to these sources, but talks have progressed further with Amazon. QwikCilver, which retails electronic and physical gift cards on its online site GiftBig, also has on offer gift cards of Amazon and Flipkart.
"Amazon has promised to let them run as a separate business where they can continue to service other clients, including Flipkart," said a source.A spokeswoman for Amazon said, "We do not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future", in response to email queries on the developments. Flipkart and QwikCilver did not reply to email queries.
"The valuation will be about two to three times the projected net income plus a premium of about 20% as this is a strategic investment," said an investment banker. QwikCilver aims to reach Rs 1,000 crore in overall transactions this fiscal. Arch rivals Flipkart and Amazon have accumulated huge investments to power their growth.
Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year while Snapdeal has raised over $230 million and is set to announce another round of funding by Japan's SoftBank on Tuesday. Amazon India too received $2 billion from its parent. At stake is the leadership position of the fast-growing Indian online retail industry, which is estimated to reach $6 billion in size next year, according to research firm Gartner. Experts believe acquisitions and investments will give these companies a competitive advantage.
"Large online retailers in India will have to look at investing in or acquiring companies that have a potential to scale and are in niches that they are not present in," said Raja Lahiri, a partner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India. ET had previously reported that Amazon has held preliminary discussions with online fashion portal Jabong to take on competition from the Flipkart-Myntra combine. QwikCilver, according to a person who has direct knowledge of the discussions, is expected to give Amazon an edge.
"Gift cards are a very important vertical for Amazon globally. In India, there is a challenge in the form of the requirement of a RBI licence." Neither Amazon nor Flipkart can obtain a licence to issue prepaid payment instruments to store cash that can be used for transactions on multiple platforms. Others who have the licence in India include Paytm and Mobikwik. Paytm is one of the three companies in which Japan's Soft-Bank is expected to make an investment. The Indian gift card industry is estimated to grow to Rs 9,000 crore by 2016, according to a white paper published by QwikCilver earlier this year.
 
"Funding is only one part. What they plan to do with the category and how important gift cards will be for the company are points that QwikCilver is considering," said one of the persons who spoke to ET. This is where Amazon has an advantage over Flipkart as the latter does not have a separate gift card category, while QwikCilver's GiftBig is the only supplier of gift cards on Amazon. "With the launch of digital gift cards, the segment has really taken off. Whichever online marketplace gets a stake in a leading gift card company will get a competitive advantage," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SoftBank buys $627 million stake in online retailer SnapdealYou are here: Home > Collections
SoftBank buys $627 million stake in online retailer Snapdeal
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(Japan's SoftBank Corp said…)
NEW DELHI: Jasper Infotech, which owns and operates online marketplace Snapdeal.com, has raised $627 million (Rs 3,845 crore) from Japanese internet, media and telecom conglomerate SoftBank, the largest single tranche investment in an Indian e-commerce company.
The investment, which closed earlier this month, will make SoftBank the largest stakeholder in Delhi-based Snapdeal, which has now raised close to a $1 billion (Rs 6,132.5 crore) in the current calendar year.
India's e-commerce sector is on fire, especially after Amazon entered the country last June. With some of the biggest retailers in the world jostling to get a piece of action in India, e-commerce companies in the country are riding a wave. For instance, while e-Bay is banking on Snapdeal, both Amazon and Walmart are pushing aggressively to conquer what is fast becoming the last frontier for them.
The investment has been made through SoftBank's recently created unit, SoftBank Internet and Media Inc (SIMI), which is headed by Nikesh Arora, who joined the company earlier this year, from technology behemoth Google, and who has been given the responsibility to aggressively scout for opportunities in emerging markets.
Arora will be joining the Snapdeal board.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper internet access, a big growth potential," Arora said in a press statement.
The company will be making strategic investments in ramping up its efforts in technology and supply chain management. To strengthen its technology efforts, it will open innovation centres across the country.
It will also look to make three to four strategic acquisitions over the next few months.
The SoftBank transaction follows Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata's investment in Snapdeal, in his personal capacity, and which was announced in August earlier this year. Prior to that, the company had raised $105 million in May and $134 million in February.
SoftBank's investment is part of a larger round, in which Snapdeal's existing investors, a list that includes, eBay, BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, PremjiInvent, the personal investment arm of Wipro Technologies chairman Azim Premji and hedge funds Myriad Asset Management and Tybourne Capital, have also participated.
Snapdeal co-founder and chief executive Kunal Bahl, however, refused to disclose the exact size of the round.
The deal marks the biggest bet taken by Masayoshi Son-led SoftBank on an Indian company., dwarfing the $200 million the investor had pumped into mobile advertising firm InMobi in 2011. Separately, SoftBank has also invested $210 million in Mumbai-based ANI Technologies, which owns and operates Olacabs, an online marketplace for cabs and car rental services.
The strategic investor, which was also an early backer of Yahoo, has a trophy investment in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba. Its stake in Alibaba was worth more than $70 billion when the company listed in New York last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Technical start-ups flourish on deals with Indian Police ForcesDRDO
(Irrway is latest example…)
BANGALORE: During Mysore Dasara, or Navaratri, the state festival of Karnataka, earlier this month traffic police in Mysore have been zipping around busy localities on a new standup personal mobility vehicle to manage traffic.
The Irrway — an electric smart three-wheeler vehicle developed by Bangalore-based cleantech start-up Greendzine Technologies — is convenient in parking issues and traffic management, said B Dayanand, additional commissioner of police (ACP), traffic, in Bangalore, afafter police tested the new vehicle. "We hope to experiment further," he said.
Irrway, which can cover 25 km at a cost of just Rs 4 and carry up to 100 kg, is the latest example of Indian police tying up with startups to snap up innovative technologies useful for traffic, crime or rescue departments, from drones to data analytics.
Indian paramilitary forces adopted unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), or drones, as part of defence operations in July 2012, following a demonstration by a start-up founded by some IIT Bombay graduates to the National Security Guard (NSG), Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Border Security Force (BSF), Delhi Police, Maharashtra Police and the Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force.
That is how the firm, idea-Forge, made Uttar Pradesh Special Task Forces its first client. "Drones can be deployed in the most dangerous and rugged circumstances and are made just for the forces," said Ankit Mehta, cofounder and CEO of the Navi Mumbai-based firm, whose drones were used in rescue and search operations in the recent Beas River tragedy where 24 B Tech students were drowned, the Saharanpur riots, the Pune landslide and for crowd surveillance at the Jagannath Rath Yatra in Ahmedabad last year.
Mehta and his team collaborated with the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) to develop the Netra UAV and currently sell upgraded versions of the drone to police clients.Another start-up looking at police as its key clients is Delhi-based data analytics firm SocialCops, which is in talks with Bangalore and Gurgaon traffic police.
The firm performs analytics on crowd-sourced data obtained from NGOs, citizens and municipal bodies, to suggest, for example, the safest route for women to reach their home or the best route for police to patrol.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Norways Telenor skips 3G  bets on  disruptive  4G technologyYou are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Norway’s Telenor skips 3G, bets on 'disruptive' 4G technology
Deepali Gupta, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 03.13AM IST
Tags:
4G
(Norway’s Telenor is…)
UMBAI: Norway's Telenor is working on technology that will allow it to offer highspeed 4G mobile broadband services with less spectrum than currently needed, skipping 3G altogether in India — a move that some say may disrupt the plans of bigger rivals.
"We are not there yet, but in the future we believe that this might be possible," Hilde Tonne, executive vice president and head of Group Industrial Development at Telenor, told ET.
Once the technology is ready and its permit is converted into a unified licence, Telenor's Indian unit Uninor can offer 4G services without buying more spectrum than what it already has in the 1800 MHz band. A unified licence allows airwaves to be used to offer any technology — 2G, 3G or 4G.
According to analysts, the ecosystem for offering 4G over the 1800 MHz band (FDD-LTE), which Uninor has, is far more developed globally than the 2300 MHz band held by Bharti Airtel and Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio Infocomm. While both companies recently also won 1800 MHz spectrum, Airtel has started 4G services in some cities using the 2300 MHz band and Jio is expected to begin next year.
Uninor, which is known for its 'sabse sasta' offerings, may well start a price war for the service since it has the advantage of using its existing bandwidth while rivals have to use airwaves acquired through auctions, say experts. "This may weaken the business case for bigger players who have 4G plans and airwaves for the next spurt in internet users," said a senior industry official, who asked not to be identified.
However, skeptics say the quality of service through such technology is usually very poor.
"It is called narrow band LTE, which is a reasonable solution for 4G in India at the moment, but the less spectrum you use, the lower throughput you get," said Sandeep Girotra, head of Nokia Solutions and Networks in India. The company manages networks for Indian telecom companies, including Bharti Airtel.
Uninor, which has 32.5 million 2G mobile subscribers in six circles, needs to make a decisive move on data growth in India, given that it doesn't have 3G spectrum and 4G is still some way from broad adoption. The decision to skip 3G is based on its experience in Bangladesh. "In Bangladesh, we had started investing in 3G, but after three quarters of the year, saw it (data revolution) coming much faster; so we decided to stop 3G and phase in 4G," said Tonne. In Myanmar, Tonne said vendors were already asking about wireless data speeds and video downloads. "This is a country where there has been no mobile service at all." Users, she adds, are ready to skip a generation in India and around Asia.
In terms of cost, it is better to buy additional spectrum than to set up increased infrastructure to deploy 4G using less airwaves, according to the Cellular Operators Association of India, a lobby group of GSM companies such as Airtel, Vodafone India, Idea Cellular , Reliance Jio and Uninor.
"These technologies are still in the lab. By the time they will come and be deployed, who knows (the market position)," said Rajan Mathews, director general of COAI.
Telenor has more than the technical aspect to contend with. The company cannot offer any service it wants on its airwaves until the Department of Telecom frees them for use, the way it was done for airwaves auctioned after February. "Now, we have 2G and spectrum is challenging (in India). Technology neutrality is crucial for enabling new efficient technology choices that delivers development and what the customers want," Tonne said.
The other trigger for adoption would be devices. While 3G devices are likely to fall to the $25 (Rs 1,500) mark by 2015, according to Tonne, the 4G ecosystem may still be some time away. Telenor has a co-branded phone with Firefox for the Bangladesh market in which it may integrate a 4G chip. The instrument currently costs $49 (Rs 3,000) and may be sourced for the Indian market if Uninor wishes, Tonne said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SoftBank buys $627 mn stake in SnapdealJapanese media group SoftBank buys USD 627 mn stake in Snapdeal
Teppei Kasai     Tokyo   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 11:34 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Japanese telecom and media group SoftBank Corp has agreed to buy a $627 million stake in Indian online retailer Snapdeal, seeking to tap into potentially huge e-commerce growth in the market with the world's third-biggest Internet user base.
Highlighting India as a new priority in its aggressive expansion, SoftBank said on Tuesday it's also leading a $210 million round of investment in an Indian logistics business in a separate deal. The cash-rich Japanese company made waves with its plans to grow outside its home base last year when it bought No.3 US mobile carrier Sprint Corp for $21.6 billion.
SoftBank said it will become New Delhi-based Snapdeal's biggest investor, but officials at the Japanese company declined to say immediately how big the stake in India's third-biggest online marketplace will be.
The investment in Snapdeal is the largest in India's growing e-commerce sector since industry leader Flipkart raised $1 billion in July. Snapdeal has more than 25 million registered users and more than 50,000 business sellers, according to a statement by SoftBank.
The Snapdeal investment was announced alongside SoftBank Internet and Media Inc's (SIMI) lead in a $210 million investment with existing investors in Indian transportation aggregator ANI Technologies. SoftBank didn't specify how much it was investing in ANI, which operates a mobile application for cab booking.
Both deals were negotiated under newly appointed SoftBank Vice chairman and SIMI chief executive Nikesh Arora, reflecting the company's recent aggressive overseas expansion.
"India has the third-largest internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential," Arora, a former Google executive, said in a statement.
Arora will be joining both Snapdeal and ANI's boards as part of the investment, SoftBank said.
In one of its highest profile investments since buying Sprint, SoftBank said earlier this month it was taking a minority stake in Hollywood movie studio Legendary Entertainment for $250 million.
(Reuters)

Telecom department allots 1 800 Mhz spectrum auctioned in FebTelecom department allots bulk of 1,800 Mhz spectrum auctioned in February allotted to telcos
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.55AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Telecom department has…)
KOLKATA: The telecom department has finally allotted a bulk of the 1,800 MHz spectrum that Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, Reliance Jio Infocomm and Uninor had won in the February auctions. The department of telecommunication (DoT), however, has not given clarity on whether market leader Bharti Airtel and No. 2 operator Vodafone India will be given extra time to reconfigure their 900 MHz metro networks where their permits expire next month.
A top Bharti Airtel executive said the company "had been allotted 1,800 MHz spectrum in all 15 circles" where it won such 2G airwaves in February, but is "awaiting allocation of the more efficient 900 MHz spectrum secured in Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai.
Vodafone India declined to reply to ET's queries, but two people aware of the matter said it has been allocated its full quota of 1,800 MHz spectrum in all nine circles along with a portion of its fresh 900 MHz airwaves.
An email query sent to Idea Cellular remained unanswered as of press time, but a company executive said the Aditya Birla Group telco had been allocated "a sizeable chunk of 1,800 MHz airwaves it won in the last auction but was yet to receive its 5 MHz block of efficient 900 MHz spectrum in Delhi," that it plans to use for 3G services.
Reliance Jio declined to confirm allotment but two people close to the Mukesh Ambani-owned operator said the company had received full allotment of its 1,800 MHz spectrum in all 14 circles. "Reliance Jio has received the letters of intent and earmarking allocation letters from DoT with regard to the 1,800 MHz spectrum it won in all 14 circles in the February auction," said one of the persons quoted earlier.
A spokeswoman for Uninor confirmed that the Indian arm of Norway's Telenor had "received allocation of 1,800 MHz spectrum in Assam won in the February 2014 auction." She, however, declined to reveal the potential timeline of its mobile services launch in Assam.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Duplex sea-facing flat in Mumbai sold for Rs 60 cr!You are here: Home > Collections
HSBC buys duplex for Rs 60 crore in South Mumbai locality
Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
CEO
(HSBC has bought a luxury…)
MUMBAI: HSBC has bought a luxury duplex apartment overlooking the Arabian Sea in south Mumbai's Mahalaxmi locality for around Rs 60 crore, said two persons familiar with the development, making it one of the most expensive such purchases in the country. While the hottest property market in the country does have apartments valued at Rs 100 crore under construction, this is the highest reported transaction for a flat so far in terms of absolute numbers.
"The deal is concluded and the registration was done recently. Total consideration for the apartment also includes stamp duty and registration charges," said one of the persons mentioned above. The 8,000 sq ft apartment located in the Raheja Viverea development overlooks the Mahalaxmi racecourse and golf course has been bought by the bank to house its India chief executive officer, currently Stuart Milne.
On the basis of built-up area, the deal is valued at Rs 75,000 per sq ft. Going by carpet area—5,000 sq ft—it's almost Rs 1.10 lakh per sq ft. The deal is in the list of costliest transactions on a per sq ft basis on both these measures. The apartment is located on the 40th and 41st floors—the top two—of one of the three wings of the complex, which was completed in 2012. HSBC bought the apartment directly from developer K Raheja Corp.
HSBC India declined to comment as did the transaction advisor CBRE. Although the realty market has been sluggish for nearly two years, high-value deals have continued to defy the trend in the last few quarters. In one such trans action, private equity firm Xander's founder and chairman Siddharth Yog bought a sea-facing apartment at the famous Samudra Mahal building in Worli for Rs 40.5 crore.
Last year, another sea-facing duplex apartment in a building on Mount Pleasant Road in south Mumbai's Malabar Hill locality was sold for Rs 57 crore, or around Rs 1.35 lakh a sq ft, making it the most expensive residential property transaction on a per sq ft basis.
Several high-profile figures from the corporate world are among those who have homes in Raheja Viverea, which is spread across eight acres. They include HDFC vice-chairman and CEO Keki Mistry and private equity firm KKR's CEO Sanjay Nayar. The missions of Germany, Australia and Canada also own apartments in the complex. Johnson & Johnson and Mondelez India Foods Ltd (formerly Cadbury India) have also bought apartments there for their respective CEOs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Locals gear up for Pushkar mela 2014picture  others
Locals gear up for Pushkar mela 2014
Residents of the holy city of Pushkar, Rajasthan are busy preparing for the Pushkar fest that takes off on October 30 to November 6.
Two youngsters try to subdue a camel on the fair grounds. (Source: PTI)
Pushkar, one of the oldest cities in India, lies on the shore of the sacred Pushkar Lake. Camels being fed at the fair. (Source: PTI)
A tourist enjoys a camel ride. The Pushkar Fair is well known world over for its Religious fervour ,festivities and the camel. (Source: PTI)
A tourist couple capture some photographs of a camel. (Source: PTI)
Camel herders prepare food for their cattle. The cattle fair at the mela, is a big attraction. (Source: PTI)
Related

The Blue: World s largest flawless fancy vivid diamondThe Blue: World's largest flawless fancy vivid diamond
14 May, 2014
Tweet
Text: PTI
A rare necklace, engraved with names of Mughal emperors Akbar and Jahangir goes under the hammer in Geneva by Christie's, which is also auctioning the world's largest flawless blue diamond, in a sale expected to total $80 million.
In Pic: This handout picture released on April 25, 2014 by Christie's auction house shows 'The Blue' a fancy vivid blue pear-shaped diamond, weighing approximately 13.22 carats, flanked on either side by a pear-shaped diamond, weighing approximately 1.00 and 0.96 carat.

Gold  silver prices recover on buying at lower levelsGold, silver prices recover on buying at lower levels
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 16:02 IST
Snapping its three-day losing streak, gold prices recovered by Rs 40 to Rs 27,490 per 10 grams in the national capital on Tuesday on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers at existing lower levels amid a firm global trend.
Silver followed suit and gained Rs 50 to Rs 38,250 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units.
Traders said emergence of buying at prevailing lower levels by jewellers and retailers mainly supported the upside in prices of precious metals.
Besides, a firming global trend where gold recovered from a two-week low as investors weighed increased physical demand ahead of the US Federal Reserve policy meet at which they are expected to end a bond-buying programme, boosted the sentiment, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, rose by 0.5 per cent to $1,232.40 an ounce and silver by 0.4 per cent to $17.21 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity went up by Rs 40 each to Rs 27,490 and Rs 27,290 per 10 grams, respectively, while sovereign held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight grams. It had lost Rs 475 in the past three sessions.
Silver ready rose by Rs 50 to Rs 38,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 170 to Rs 38,190 per kg.
Silver coins, however, held steady at Rs 66,000 for buying and Rs 67,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Funds buckle up for redemption surgeFunds buckle up for redemption surge
Michael Mackenzie and Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be5ac332-5e02-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heres why Germany needs to start spendingFight to save Paddington from deportation
What we’re writing about
Autumn Statement Barack Obama Britain budget deficit China climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 George Osborne Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media Pakistan Scotland Syria Uighurs UK UK economy UK politics US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

Ronald Reagans career-making speech still shines 50 years on© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5557294-593f-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing efficiency drive targets mah-jong© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f189f9b2-5e75-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Time to wake up and smell the coffee‘Time to wake up and smell the coffee’ in markets
Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e56b158-5531-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price fall dents Mexican budgetOil price fall changes Mexican budget calculations
Jude Webber in Querétaro, Gregory Meyer in New York and Neil Hume in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1006fb0-5df8-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China military figure admits taking bribesSenior Chinese military figure admits taking ‘huge’ bribes
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d27d766-5ea5-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cofco unveils plans for joint venture IPOOctober 28, 2014 4:51 pm
Cofco unveils IPO plans to compete with US agribusinesses
Lucy Hornby in Beijing and Emiko Terazono in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05686af6-5ea1-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC raps Centre for Delhi govt. impasseNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:36 IST
Delhi government formation
SC raps Centre for Delhi govt. impasse
J. Venkatesan
constitution
The LG should have taken decision on government formation at the earliest, it said
The Centre informed the Supreme Court on Tuesday that President Pranab Mukherjee had given his consent to Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung’s proposal to invite the single largest party in the Delhi Assembly, the Bharatiya Janata Party, to explore the possibility of forming a government.
Additional Solicitor-General P.S. Narasimha gave this information before a five-judge Constitution Bench comprising Chief Justice H.L. Dattu and Justices J. Chelameswar, A.K. Sikri, R.K. Agrawal and Arun Mishra hearing the petition filed by the Aam Aadmi Party seeking a direction for the dissolution of the Assembly.
The CJI expressed unhappiness over the delay by the Centre and the Lt. Governor in taking a decision even after eight months.
“This exercise should have been done by the Lt. Governor much earlier,” the CJI told the Additional Solicitor-General. The CJI wondered why the Centre was always coming out with one statement or the other just a day before the matter was taken up for hearing,” he said.

Energy groups bruised by oil price tumbleEnergy groups left bruised as falling oil prices bite into profits
Michael Kavanagh and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcbe77dc-5e96-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP stands by cash target as profit fallsBP insists it can hit $30bn cash goal in spite of falling profit
Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a918f42c-5e79-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BG reports 29 per cent profits fallBG Group reports 29 per cent fall in underlying earnings
Mark Odell and Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e152b3a4-5e7f-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mondi jumps after joining top picksMondi jumps after being named among Credit Suisse’s top picks
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afcca760-5e8c-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fall in copper stocks points to rallySharp fall in copper stocks points to rally
Neil Hume and Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f881204-5ec1-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scepticism grows as StanChart shares fallScepticism mounts as StanChart shares fall
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d55639c-5ec5-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More trouble at StanChartOctober 28, 2014 6:13 pm
More trouble at StanChart
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/669a7850-5eb0-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine elections: can Kiev win hearts and minds in DonbasSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Guest post: how will Ukraine use its pro-EU landslideSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Brussels clears France and Italys budgetsBrussels clears France and Italy’s budgets
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eba9eb52-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lloyds to axe 9 000 jobs in digital driveLloyds axes 200 branches and 9,000 jobs
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31e9bece-5e7c-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lloyds chief unveils his digital vision© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/440c2eda-5ec6-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman banker to replace Deutsche CFODeutsche Bank to replace CFO with Goldman banker
Alice Ross in Frankfurt and Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce1d2d96-5ec5-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spectre of Lula returns again to haunt DilmaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Obama defends U.S. Ebola guidelinesUpdated: October 29, 2014 03:26 IST
Obama defends U.S. Ebola guidelines
Reuters
Reuters US President Barack Obama speaks about the US response to Ebola from the South Lawn of the White House in Washington on Tuesday.
TOPICS
health
As the second of two nurses infected while treating an Ebola patient left an Atlanta hospital, President Barack Obama on Tuesday said policies adopted in the United States should not discourage Americans willing to fight West Africa's outbreak.
Mr. Obama weighed in for the first time since states including New York and New Jersey imposed automatic 21-day quarantines on doctors and nurses returning from the three countries at the heart of the outbreak - rules that go beyond federal guidelines.
“We don't want to discourage our healthcare workers from going to the front lines and dealing with this in an effective way,” Mr. Obama told reporters at the White House South Lawn.
Mr. Obama said that these medical workers, often volunteers for international humanitarian groups, should be “applauded, thanked and supported.”
“And we can make sure that when they come back, they are being monitored in a prudent fashion. But we want to make sure that we understand that they are doing God's work over there. And they're doing that to keep us safe,” Mr. Obama added.
Some states have imposed their own safeguards, including mandatory quarantines for doctors and nurses returning from the three countries at the centre of the epidemic, saying federal policies do not adequately protect the public. Some lawmakers, particularly Republicans, have criticised the response by Obama's administration as inept.
Federal health officials and others have criticized stricter state measures as potentially counterproductive, saying they could deter American doctors and other healthcare professionals from volunteering to help fight the epidemic at its source in West Africa.
“We don't want to do things that aren't based on science and best practices because if we do then we're just putting another barrier on somebody who's already doing really important work on our behalf,” Mr. Obama said, noting that containing the outbreak in Africa will make Americans safer from Ebola.
The first person quarantined under New Jersey's policy was Kaci Hickox, a nurse who tested negative for the virus but was isolated for days in a tent at a Newark hospital. She said her “basic human rights” were violated.
In another sign of how Ebola fears have affected many communities, a father sued a Connecticut elementary school on Tuesday, saying his daughter was discriminated against and banned from school based on irrational fears of Ebola because she attended a wedding in Nigeria.
DALLAS NURSE RELEASED
In Atlanta, nurse Amber Vinson, 29, was released from Emory University Hospital after being declared virus-free last Friday. Obama said he spoke with Vinson by telephone on Tuesday.
“I’m so grateful to be well,” a smiling Vinson told reporters at Emory University Hospital before hugging the doctors and nurses who had treated her since Oct. 15.
“While this is a day for celebration and gratitude, I ask that we not lose focus on the thousands of families who continue to labour under the burden of this disease in West Africa,” added Vinson, looking fit.
The infections of the nurses in a Dallas hospital at the beginning of October illustrated the initial lack of preparedness in the U.S. public health system to safely deal with Ebola, which has killed about 5,000 people in three impoverished West African countries - Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone - and raised fears of a wider outbreak.
The other nurse who worked at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, Nina Pham, 26, was declared virus-free on Friday, left the Maryland hospital where she had been treated and met with Mr. Obama.
Vinson and Pham treated Liberian Thomas Eric Duncan, who had travelled to Dallas in late September. He was the first patient diagnosed with Ebola in the United States and he died on Oct. 8.
MILITARY WEIGHS QUARANTINE
With concerns mounting over the spread of the virus, the Pentagon said Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is considering a recommendation from top military commanders for a “quarantine-like” 21-day monitoring period for all U.S. troops returning from Ebola response efforts in West Africa.
This follows an announcement on Monday by the Army that it has started isolating soldiers returning from the West Africa mission at their home base in Vicenza in northeastern Italy, even though they showed no symptoms of infection and were not believed to have been exposed to the virus. The question then became whether all the branches of the military would do so.
Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said Mr. Hagel has not made a final decision on the military-wide quarantine recommendation, which would require a “regimented program of 21 days of controlled, supervised monitoring.” That step is far more strict than guidelines recommended by civilian health authorities.
The U.S. military has repeatedly stressed that its personnel are not interacting with Ebola patients and are instead building treatment units to help health authorities battle the epidemic. Up to 4,000 U.S. troops may be deployed on the mission.
Mr. Obama said America's military was in a “different situation” than healthcare workers. While civilians may be discouraged from volunteering if they face quarantine on their return, troops were sent as part of their mission and could expect such inconveniences.
Mr. Obama also sought to reassure Americans about the threat posed by Ebola. He noted that only two people have contracted Ebola on American soil: Vinson and Pham.
The lone patient now being treated for Ebola in the United States is a New York doctor, Craig Spencer, 33, who was diagnosed on Thursday. He had worked with the humanitarian group Doctors Without Borders, treating Ebola patients in Guinea.
“This disease can be contained,” Mr. Obama said. “It will be defeated. Progress is possible. But we're going to have to stay vigilant. And we've got to make sure that we're working together.”

Rocket explosion impacts on cargo group© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b1fe4ce-5ef3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anti-corruption measures raise questionsTrium tops FT executive MBA rankings
Talking to those who run EMBA programmes in China, it is clear there are some practices that need to be publicly stamped out. In particular, there is a custom endemic in some business schools to give full scholarships to government officials and then effectively use those officials as a marketing tool to attract students from the commercial sector. The concern is that the business people attend the programme specifically to make contact with the officials – contacts they can turn to their advantage in the future.
But the ban raises a multitude of questions. For example, isn’t one of the main reasons for studying for an MBA or EMBA to develop a network? Alumni who responded to our EMBA rankings questionnaires this year reported that networking is more important to them than increasing their earnings or getting promotion in their company.
Does not the inclusion of government, non-governmental organisation and charity participants on these programmes improve the learning experience of those from business? John Quelch, former dean of China Europe International Business School in Shanghai, puts it succinctly: “The general principle of having the government sector and the civil society sector in the room with the corporate sector strikes me as very worthwhile.”
Indeed, many business schools in the US and Europe try to encourage more public sector participants to join their programmes by offering scholarships to these individuals or organisations – not dissimilar from the customs that the Chinese government is frowning upon.
A bigger issue relates to the inclusion of state-owned enterprises in the ruling. Should their practice of using their corporate budgets to pay for executives to study at business school be banned? Surely the effect of this could be simply to prevent these companies competing effectively in the future with commercially run organisations?
So far there have been more questions than answers, but there is one central issue here that increasingly needs to be addressed in China: quality. Is one of the concerns that government officials on EMBA programmes are bypassing entry requirements? And is another that they do not have to complete coursework and pass exams to graduate?
Those involved in the EMBA market in China say there are concerns this is often the case. As one dean says, if government participants are not up to scratch, it reduces the learning experience for everyone on the programme.
Whenever I have spoken to Chinese business school deans in the past they have emphasised one thing: the thirst for credentials that is so peculiar to Chinese executives. For many Chinese EMBA participants it is the credential rather than the learning that is important.
If the Chinese government is trying to address this issue and promote growth in academic rigour and high-quality teaching, it can only be a good thing. After all, this talk about quality programmes is not unique to China. In the US, for example, there is an ongoing debate about the quality of some online degrees, and for-profit universities are under fire over perceived quality.
Western business schools running joint-venture EMBA programmes in China have cautiously welcomed the edict, particularly where the programme is taught in English. As a general rule, government officials are likely to study for Chinese-language degrees.
Nonetheless, there are concerns that the government’s move will take the gloss off the EMBA market in the short term. Indeed, there are rumours in Beijing that many officials are already expunging their EMBA qualifications from their letterheads.
So at least there is one group that will benefit: the companies that print the business cards.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Russia behind cyber attacks  says groupRussian government behind cyber attacks, says security group
Sam Jones – London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93108ba0-5ebe-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Very severe cyclone Nilofar may weaken ahead of landfallVery severe cyclone Nilofar may weaken ahead of landfall
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 27, 2014.
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 27:  
Arabian Sea Cyclone Nilofar is now a very severe cyclone, only one step away from class-topping super cyclone status, an India Met update said this afternoon.
But all available indications suggest that Nilofar will wind down to severe cyclone status due to a combination of adverse factors.
PEAK WINDS
Westerly winds associated with the western disturbance that steers Nilofar towards Naliya in Gujarat would be the primary culprit for the weakening.
Since Nilofar will hitch a ride on the westerly system, it would get directly impacted from the top as opposing winds tear into it.
A second reason is dry air intrusion from around the land – the cyclone would be in close proximity to mainland Pakistan and western India as it runs in.
Third are the cooler waters towards the north Gujarat coast, which caps evaporation and moisture build that is needed to fuel the cyclone system.
YELLOW MESSAGE
The Met located Nilofar to 1,170 km southwest of Naliya (Gujarat) and 1,230 km south-southwest of Karachi (Pakistan) at 1.30 pm.
In a ‘yellow message’ (warning), the Met said that the coastal districts of Saurashtra and Kutch would receive rainfall at most places from Thursday morning.
Isolated heavy to very heavy falls would also commence along these areas around the same time.
The rainfall intensity would increase gradually with heavy to very heavy fall at a few places and isolated extremely heavy falls from later in the night.
Squally winds speed reaching 45-to 55 km/hr and gusting to 65 km/hr would commence along and off Gujarat coast from Thursday morning.
SEA CONDITION
They would ramp up to between 100- and 110 km/hr with gusts of 125 km/hr at the time of landfall.
Sea condition along and off Gujarat coast will be ‘rough’ (13 ft in height) to ‘very rough’ (13- to 20 ft) from Thursday.
It would become ‘very high’ (30- to 46 ft) to ‘phenomenal’ (46 ft) from the afternoon.
Fishermen out at sea along and off Gujarat coast have been advised to return to the coast. The Met also notified suspension of fishing operations.
Coastal hutment dwellers should be moved to safer places. People in the affected areas should keep indoors.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Alibabas market value nudges WalmartAlibaba’s market value nudges Walmart
Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2916334-5eb9-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese coffee attracts Swiss trader interestChinese coffee attracts Swiss trader interest
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90156bac-5e8f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan industrial production beats expectationsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Swedes cut rates to zero in deflation battleSweden cuts rates to zero in battle against deflation
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3033b236-5e7e-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swedish krona falls after rate cutSwedish krona falls after rate cut
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db59b996-5ea4-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Krona weakness shows Riksbank dovishnessKrona weakness reflects Riksbank dovishness
Jamie Chisholm
But debate about timing of interest rate cuts
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/972db176-5db6-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Figure from LME Sumitomo scandal returnsFigure from LME Sumitomo scandal returns
Paul Murphy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7f56b30-5abf-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KKR buys into China pork producerKKR buys into China pork producer
By Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad4e7df4-ed28-11e3-8963-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Noble / Cofco  foraging for food© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/feec477c-ba3d-11e3-aeb0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Britain gives F-35s permission to take off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a6f9eec-5ec8-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US-based Brillio buys Indian data analytics ...Brillio
(Deal is another indication…)
BANGALORE: US-based technology consultant and software developer Brillio has acquired data analytics startup Marketelligent. Raj Mamodia, chief executive at Brillio, confirmed the deal, but declined to reveal the purchase price. The deal is another indication of the mergers and acquisition scene heating up for technology companies in India with Facebook buying Little Eye Labs and Yahoo snapping up Bookpad this year.
"It (Marketelligent) was like a marriage partner that we were looking for," said Mamodia. "We looked harder and spoke to at least 20 companies." The 100 employees of Bangalore-based Marketelligent will now join Brillio, which is headquartered in New Jersey.
Mamodia said Brillio has earmarked $70 million (Rs 429 crore) to acquire niche companies in the emerging technologies space and also take equity stakes. "There are capabilities that will take time to build and we didn't want to waste three years to build that--time to market is very important," said Mamodia, a former head of global markets at Cognizant and ex-CEO of IT services firm Collabera.
Founded by IIM-Ahmedabad alumnus Roy Cherian and IIT Delhi graduate Anunay Gupta, Marketelligent has built a solution that mines hidden insights, patterns and correlations from Big Data, or vast of amounts of information.
It then helps customers such as computer maker Dell, beverage company Coca Cola and credit card issuer American Express make better decisions using data visualization and predictive analytics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki s Swift upgrade to take on Hyundai s in-demand i20Maruti Suzuki Swift takes on Hyundai i20 with upgrade, Rs 50,000 lower price tag
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 13:14  IST
Oct 29 2014, 13:14  IST
 

Facebooks spending plans draw scrutinyWall Street is sceptical of Facebook’s plans to pour money into products
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b02da66-5f01-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India improves Doing Business ranking; still among world s worstIndia drops to 142 in Doing Business ranking
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:01 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:20 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
With India ranked 142nd in the new Doing Business report released on Tuesday, foreign investors are likely to need more than just an invitation to come and Make in India.
Just ahead of the troubled Palestinian West Bank and Gaza, India has slipped a couple of positions, and continues to languish among the world’s worst.
Singapore topped the ranking, done every year by the World Bank Group, with New Zealand, South Korea, United States, United Kingdom and Australia finishing in the first 10.
China topped India’s neighbourhood at 90, followed by Sri Lanka at 99, Nepal at 108, Bhutan at 125, Pakistan at 128, Bangladesh at 173 and Afghanistan at 193.
That’s out of a total of 189 economies.
But India did move the needle a bit.
It made starting a business easier by reducing the registration fee considerably, but, the report added, it also made it difficult at the same by demanding a declaration.
Getting a power connection became cheaper in the country’s two largest cities Delhi and Mumbai by slashing the amount required as security deposit.
Bolstering protection of minority investors by bringing in more transparency to the boardroom, and bringing additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies.
In fact, India ranked an impressive 7th worldwide in protections for minority investors. The other parameter on which India did well was on getting credit, coming in 36th.
India has had a testy relationship with Doing Business reports, questioning their credibility and their dismal findings, but also keeping them in the rearview mirror at all times.
Kaushik Basu, former prime minister Manmohan Singh’s chief economic adviser, admitted as much in his foreword for the report, as the bank’s chief economist now.
“I used, criticized, valued and debated the Doing Business report,,” Basu wrote, about his reaction to the report as a consumer. He in now on the manufacturing side.
He did not elaborate on possible impact of the report on decision making in the Indian government, but it is clearly, in his words, “valued” by some including chief economic advisors.
Much remains to be fixed. Getting power connection for a new business, for instance, takes 105 days, more than three times the Singapore average of 31 days.
It takes 47 days to register a property in India compared to 4.5 days in Singapore. And if things soured, resolving insolvency can take 4.3 years in India to 0.8 in the island nation.
Singapore may be an unfair comparison, for reasons of size. But West Bank and Gaza are hardly the kind of benchmarks to inspire a country of out-sized ambition such as India.

Nasa rocket headed for space station explodes after liftoffprint
An unmanned Antares rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad in Virginia on Tuesday, marking the first accident since Nasa turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station.
The 14-story rocket, built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp, blasted off its seaside launch pad at the Wallops Flight Facility at 6:22pm EDT/2222 GMT carrying a Cygnus cargo ship bound for the space station. It appeared to burst into flames moments later, then plunged to the ground in a huge ball of fire and smoke, but authorities said no one was hurt.
The six crew members in orbit aboard the space station - two Nasa astronauts, one from the European Space Agency and three Russian cosmonauts - were informed of the accident, Nasa spokesman Dan Huot said.
With a Russian cargo ship due to reach the space station on Wednesday shortly after a separate launch from Kazakhstan, the loss of the Cygnus vessel posed no immediate supply shortage for the orbiting team.
"There was no cargo that was absolutely critical" aboard Cygnus, Nasa Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier said.
 The White House said President Barack Obama also was briefed.
Orbital Sciences stock fell 15.5 percent to a two-month low of $25.65 in after-hours trading.
The cause of the mishap was not immediately known, Huot said. He said there were no reports of any personnel in the vicinity of the explosion.
Orbital Sciences said in a statement: "We've confirmed that all personnel have been accounted for. We have no injuries in the operation today."
The spacecraft was carrying "some classified cryptographic equipment, so we do need to maintain the area around the debris in a secure manner," said Mike Pinkston, the company's Antares program manager.
The National Security Agency had no immediate comment on the classified equipment reported to be aboard the cargo ship.
NASA launch control said damage appeared to be limited to the launch facility and rocket. The Antares rocket has been launched successfully on four previous missions.
"This has been a lot of hard work to get to this point," Orbital Sciences Executive Vice President Frank Culbertson told the launch team just before liftoff.
Footage of the launch broadcast on Nasa TV showed the Antares rising slowly into the night sky as flames suddenly engulfed the rocket, from the bottom to the top, and the vehicle sank back downward in an enormous conflagration.
Ronda Miller, manager of the Ocean Deli in Wallops Island, Virginia, told Reuters she felt the force of the blast from the eatery, about 5 miles (8 km) from the launch pad.
'It shook the whole building'
"We were standing outside waiting for it to launch and we saw bright red, and then we saw a big black cloud, and it shook the whole building where we work at," Miller said. "And then I came back in to work and seen fire trucks going every which way."
The launch had been delayed one day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket's intended flight path.
Virginia-based Orbital Sciences is one of two companies hired by Nasa to fly cargo to the station after the space shuttles were retired.
Tuesday's planned flight was to be the third of eight under the company's $1.9 billion contract with Nasa.
The second US supply line to the station is run by privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, which is preparing for its fourth flight under a separate $1.6 billion Nasa contract.
Outfitted with a new, more powerful upper-stage engine, the Antares rocket launched on Tuesday carried a Cygnus spacecraft packed with 5,055 pounds (2,293 kg) of supplies, science experiments and equipment, a 15 percent increase over previous missions.
The Cygnus capsule was the first of two cargo ships scheduled to head to the space station this week. Russia is preparing to launch a Soyuz rocket and Progress freighter from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday.
Cygnus was to loiter in orbit until Nov. 2, then fly itself to the station so astronauts can use a robotic crane to snare the capsule and attach it to a berthing port. The station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations, flies about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.
In addition to food, supplies and equipment, the Cygnus spacecraft was loaded with more than 1,600 pounds (725 kg) of science experiments, including an investigation to chemically analyze meteors as they burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
The Cygnus also carried a prototype satellite owned by Redmond, Washington-based startup Planetary Resources Inc., which is developing technology to mine asteroids. The satellite, designated A3, was to be released into space by a commercially owned small spacecraft launcher aboard the station.
Orbital Sciences is in the midst of merging with Alliant Techsystem Inc's Aerospace and Defense division, a deal that analysts expect to close sometime early next year. The company is competing for a number of Nasa missions or projects that will help fuel revenue over coming years.
The defense sector in general has been hit by cutbacks in federal spending in past years, but of the seven analysts who track Orbital Sciences, five had a "buy" or "strong buy" rating on the stock, and none recommended a "sell" before the mishap.
 

Nguyen Tan Dung-Modi meet helps India  Vietnam bridge the gapprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Vietnamese counterpart, Nguyen Tan Dung, at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi. (Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
The strategic gap that kept India and Vietnam apart in the past may have at least been bridged with the present Vietnamese prime minister's visit.
The two have a bond going back to India's support for Vietnam in its successive wars with France, the US and China. Both have territorial disputes with China and want to use third countries to counterbalance Beijing's preponderance. But geography has been an issue: India cannot project its naval power into the South China Sea and Vietnam is too far to help New Delhi in its border issues with Beijing.
The 2007 strategic partnership struggled to get substance. The two countries have flirted, but have seen other countries as more useful for keeping the dragon at bay.
Countries often pose tests to each other, asking the other side to show the depth of their strategic love. Until recently, India and Vietnam were failing each other's tests.
India had seen a planned $5 billion Tata Steel plant in Vietnam as a test given evidence that Beijing, using a front company, was the obstacle. When the plant foundered, industry sources say, Hanoi stepped in and Tata Power wound up with a $3.8 billion thermal power project in "record time."
Vietnam, in turn, begged for the Brahmos cruise missile as it desperately needed a ship-killer to counter China's naval superiority. Until last year, the other Brahmos partner Russia had declined to allow the sale. After Moscow gave the green signal, it was up to India.
Read: India to strengthen defence cooperation with Vietnam
New Delhi, say official sources, have now told the Vietnamese that they would be provided "anything they wanted militarily" - Brahmos included. However, India was in the process of negotiating its entry into the Missile Control Technology Regime, a global technology denial regime for 300-km plus range missiles that had so far kept India out. Once it got into the MTCR, India would have access to top-end missile and rocket technology and greater ability to export the same. Message to Hanoi: the missile is yours once we're in. A civil nuclear agreement could follow when India joins another technology denial regime, the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Jay Ranade, head of the Centre for China Analysis and Strategy, says that "At the very least, India should begin negotiations with Vietnam. This would in any case take some time and would allow us to, one, monitor developments on the Chinese front and, two, send a message to Beijing."
India also wants to diversify its investment portfolio in Vietnam. New Delhi is concerned that it will be unable to join the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement presently being negotiated and wants to use Vietnam, a likely member, to serve as a gateway into the TPP market later on. The two sides also had informal talks about a possible trilateral with Japan, another strategic hedge that both sides are considering.
China will be unhappy, say sources, but as the recent Chinese nuclear submarine docking in Sri Lanka showed, India's sense is that it will need a Vietnam to give a similar naval poke to China as and when needed.

Indian cos will become stars globally: SoftB...Alibaba
(It’s a big day for Japan’s…)
It's a big day for Japan's richest man and the CEO of $92-billion SoftBank, Masayoshi Son. He's just committed $10 billion investment in India. He also announced two investments, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and 25 startups. Son shared his vision for India, investment philosophy and reasons for being bullish about the country with Pankaj Mishra and Bodhisatva Ganguli. Edited Excerpts
What is your broader vision for Softbank in India?
India would be one of the top two economies in this century. It has a billion population, good education, engineering skills and big potential. If you can invest at low price and harvest high price with that belief, it's good investment. Last month, when Prime Minister Modi visited Tokyo, we had a face-to-face meeting. He gave us more confidence that India is going to be more transparent and deregulated. If the internet infrastructure is not there, our investment does not do any good. Now, finally, mobile internet is taking off in India. Fixed line broadband and PC internet is not widely available in India yet. Both of them take time and are investment heavy. However, now India can leapfrog because smartphone is more powerful than PCs a couple of years ago. The cost is only $100 now and not $1000 like PC was. Anybody who wants to access internet has it now. That is a huge inflection point for the environment to have exponential growth here. Ten years ago, when we focused to invest in China, there was no mobile internet. At the time, China had a small penetration of PC internet. But it had exponential growth. In India, even more accelerated growth will come because it is cheaper, available and powerful. The difference between India and advanced countries won't be that much when it comes to technology platforms.
Have you met Modi on this trip?
On Monday, we had a good meeting with him and key ministers including the finance minister. Right now, India's internet connectivity is ranked 140th or something in terms of speed. But I said in the next 10 years, India could have the vision to be one of the top 3.
Could India skip the fixed line broadband?
At nearly 40%, Japan has one of the highestpenetration of fibre-to-home connections. Our wireless is all 4G now. The average speed in Japan is 30-40 Mbps. That is 100 times faster than in India. Even in the US, fixed line broadband is megabit. Japanese wireless infrastructure is so much beyond others. Now, in Japan, we are field testing up to 1 Gbps over the air. So the technology is available. The spectrum is the same in all countries. If the government has a vision that in the next 10 years, it wants to be among the top 3 in the world, there is a way to make it happen. If Prime Minister Modi is saying that infrastructure is the key to success of Indian economy, automobile highway is definitely important but information highway also has the traffic jam right now and is equally important. The automobile highway requires government budget. It is taxpayers' money. Information highway does not require government money. By stimulating the private sector, it can actually happen. By bringing a strong and clear vision of the spectrum allocation and technology policy, the government could lead into that big change. That is something some of the key leaders I brainstormed with got very excited about.The fundamental beauty of India is that Indian people speak English and have the best software engineering capability in the world. The Chinese have the hardware capability in their country. But in the long run, software engineering capability is very crucial and essential for the information revolution. At the end, hardware will be a commodity. Ten years ago, when I spoke to Jack Ma that you are going to be one of the top 3-4 key guys for the information revolution in the world, many people were laughing. It was a 135 employee company in China. It has happened. So, in 10 years from now, I wouldn't be surprised if one or two strong Indian companies become big stars globally. And 20 years from now, those companies can become true global leaders and not just domestic successes. If you think about this, this is a century for India. Some people may say that it's already a bubble, but I say it's a point of view. If you take a longer view this is a market that can give multiple returns.
Your investment in Alibaba is a legend now. Do you see any of your current investments repeating the performance 10 years from now?

LG Electronics Q3 operating profit beats est...LG Electronics Q3 profit more than doubles from year ago on mobile
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 10.35AM IST
LG Electronics Inc on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit more than doubled from a year earlier, beating expectations.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: South Korea's LG Electronics Inc on Wednesday said its July-September operating profit more than doubled from a year earlier as earnings from its mobile business surged to a five-year high.
The world's No. 2 television maker after domestic rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said profits for its TV business grew 5.2 percent from a year earlier, while smartphone shipments rose to a fresh record.
"LG's earnings reflected strong performance from its mobile business," the company said in a statement.
LG reported an operating profit of 461 billion won ($440.21 million), better than a 454 billion won mean estimate from a Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S poll of 36 analysts.
LG's mobile division turned a 167 billion won operating profit, its highest since the third quarter of 2009 and compared with a 79.7 billion won loss a year ago, thanks in part to strong shipments for the flagship G3 smartphone.
The pickup contrasts with domestic rival Samsung, which is expected to report its weakest quarterly operating profit in more than three years on Thursday, following a lacklustre run of new product launches.
While LG does not disclose individual product numbers, IM Investment analyst Kim Woon-ho estimated before the earnings disclosure that LG likely shipped a little over 3 million G3s during the period.
LG said it shipped 16.8 million smartphones during the third quarter, a record but well below Samsung, which some analysts estimate shipped more than 80 million units.
LG's TV division reported a 131 billion won operating profit, compared with 124 billion a year ago as sales of high-end products like ultra high-definition TVs grew. On Tuesday the company said it would wind down its plasma television business by end-November, signalling an imminent demise for a technology that has been overtaken by liquid crystal display.
Shares of LG Electronics extended gains following the results and were last up 4.2 percent in afternoon trade compared with a 1.7 percent rise for the broader market.

SoftBank becomes largest investor in Indian startupsYou are here: Home > Collections
Japan's SoftBank becomes largest investor in Indian startups after buying stake in Snapdeal, Olacabs
Biswarup Gooptu & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 03.07AM IST
Tags:
investor
(Sources indicated that…)
BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Japan's SoftBank has become the largest investor in Indian startups after buying stake worth $627 million (Rs 3,800 crore) in online retailer Snapdeal and leading a funding round of $210 million in taxi aggregator Olacabs.
SoftBank, which made an early bet on China's Alibaba where it owns shares worth around $80 billion, is hoping to replicate its success in India, the Japanese conglomerate's chairman and chief executive officer Masayoshi Son said on Tuesday. "We believe India is at a turning point in its development," he told ET. SoftBank Internet and Media Inc, the unit headed by India-born Nikesh Arora, is now the largest shareholder in the Delhi-based online marketplace that competes against Amazon and Flipkart.
Arora, a former senior vice-president at Google and the vice chairman of Softbank, will take a seat on the board of Snapdeal. Neither company disclosed valuation, but sources indicated to ET that it could be up to $2 billion with Soft-Bank estimated to acquire at least a 30% stake ."SoftBank was always our aspirational investor. Given that Son-san is a true internet visionary and what they've been able to do with Alibaba, we felt he was the ideal ambassador for us," said Kunal Bahl, the CEO of Snapdeal which is receiving its third round of funding this year and counts eBay, Ratan Tata and the family office of Wipro chairman Azim Premji as investors.
Existing investors also participated in this round of funding, Bahl said, without providing details. The other company to have caught the fancy of SoftBank is Olacabs, where the Japanese firm led the funding round with participation from existing investors Tiger Global, Steadview Capital and Matrix Partners." Since SoftBank has a long-term view on all their investments, they make for great strategic partners," said Bhavish Aggarwal, the CEO of Olacabs which raised $42 million in July.
SoftBank and Olacabs declined to say how much the four-year-old company is valued at. Sources indicated that the Bangalore based company has been valued at about $650 million and that SoftBank is now the largest shareholder. SoftBank's first big investment in India was mobile advertising network InMobi, where it funded the company to the tune of $200 million.
So far, the Japanese telecommunications and internet group has sunk more $1 billion into Indian startups, making it by far the top backer of Indian entrepreneurship."Given the pedigree of SoftBank as an investor, their contribution to success of Alibaba and their experience of building out digital businesses, this (Snapdeal) is the most 'strategic' investment in the sector to date," said Siddhartha Nigam, a partner at Grant Thornton India.
Internet-based businesses such as online marketplaces, taxi aggregation services and real estate portals have been the darlings of investors looking to cash in on consumption by the Indian middle class. Most of the money this year has gone to online retail, with market leader Flipkart sucking in $1.2 billion from investors such as Tiger Global and South Africa's Naspers. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, too, has committed to invest $2 billion in the company's Indian operations.
"With today's announcement, SoftBank is contributing to the development of the infrastructure for the digital future of India," said Arora, whose team is scouting for more investments in the country.India is one of the hotspots for entrepreneurship globally, seeding more than two startups every day. Young Indians are more willing than ever before to try their hand at launching new businesses, encouraged by the availability of capital and the falling cost of starting up because of technology.
 
"This is watershed moment for Indian technology companies. The entry of marquee, deep-pocketed investors like SoftBank in the Indian market validates the large market opportunity for value creation that lies ahead of us," said Tarun Davda, vice-president at Matrix Partners and a board observer at Olacabs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India can produce bright Internet entrepreneurs: Masayoshi SonAlibaba
( Masayoshi Son is searching…)
NEW DELHI: Masayoshi Son is searching for the next Jack Ma, a quest which he thinks might meet with success amidst the ranks of Indian entrepreneurs selling to consumers and businesses through the Internet.
Son, 57, the founder of Japanese Internet and telecom group SoftBank, says he is constantly on the lookout for entrepreneurial "heroes" who create jobs in the manner of Alibaba's Jack Ma, who has created employment for 25 million. Son's investment in Alibaba, the Chinese online marketplace, is the stuff of legend with a $20 million investment made 14 years ago now worth $80 billion after the Chinese firm listed earlier this year.
Soft-Bank owns 37% of Alibaba, which had amarket cap of $250 billion on Tuesday. Such "local heroes" could emerge in India as well provided Asia's thirdlargest economy manages to create the digital super-highway envisaged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "I think India will be one of the top two economies in this century — it has over a billion people, good education and engineering skills. This is India's century. It could be among the top two economies in the world," he said in an interview on Tuesday.
"With that belief, if you can invest (at a) low price and harvest high price, it's a good investment," Son added, sitting alongside Nikesh Arora, the Google executive he poached recently. Arora, who joined as vice-chairman and CEO of SoftBank Internet and Media in July this year, is spearheading the group's US business, as well as its foray into the media and entertainment industries.
On Monday, SoftBank announced a $627 million investment in Snapdeal, becoming the largest investor in the fast-growing online marketplace. It also announced a $210 million investment in Olacabs, a transport aggregator that competes with Uber. Cumulatively, SoftBank has invested more than $1 billion in Indian startups, becoming the largest investor in that space. In the interaction with ET, Son enthused about Snapdeal's prospects, pointing to its growth of 800% per year. The SoftBank founder is in India on a three-day visit that started on Monday with an hour-long meeting with Prime Minister Modi.
Son, whose stated goal is to head the largest company in the world, was wooed by the Indian prime minister on his recent trip to Japan. "Last month, Prime Minister Modi visited Tokyo. We had a face-to-face meeting. He gave us more confidence that India is going to be more transparent and deregulated with lot of focus and passion to improve India as the environment for investment," he said.
The diminutive Son, famous for sometimes setting outlandish goals (and even achieving some of them), was born in a poor South Korean family. His father was a pig farmer who brewed illegal alcohol. In explaining SoftBank's investment philosophy, Son likens himself to the conductor of an orchestra.
"We would like to be the conductor of the information revolution by looking at the total landscape and understanding which parts are growing to grow more quickly." He will be listening to the pitches of nearly two-dozen startups over Tuesday and Wednesday, in an attempt to identify future Alibabas. SoftBank has grown more than 600 times since its founding in 1981 and the $66-billion (revenue for the year ended 2013) company could potentially grow a hundred-fold, according to Son.
 
The relatively poor state of India's Internet infrastructure — the country's ranking in terms of Internet access is 142 — resulting in "traffic jams on the information highway" could trip up Soft-Bank's plans though mobile provides an opportunity to leapfrog the problem. "If the Internet infrastructure is not there, our investment does not do any good. Now, finally, mobile Internet is taking off in India," said Son.
Mobile commerce in India is booming with top ecommerce companies including Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon seeing nearly half of sales taking place via consumers' mobile handsets. This year, around 225 million smartphones will be sold in India, with many users accessing Internet for the first time on their mobiles. India's ecommerce market is projected to grow seven-fold to around $22 billion in the next five years, according to a CLSA report.
With more than 200 million people currently accessing the Internet, Indian consumers are beginning to buy more online, fuelling a frenzy and a land grab among top ecommerce companies for maximum share of this demand. "That is a huge inflection point for the Internet companies to have exponential growth here," Son said. "Difference between what you can get in India (in terms of technology and platforms) and other advanced countries wouldn't be that much — same technology and platform," he added.
India's strength in software and engineering was the source of long-term advantage compared with China's hardware capabilities, which is being commoditised, according to Son.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  Google looks to monitor your body for diseasesNow, Google looks to monitor your body for diseases
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Oct 29:  
Google is exploring ways to search inside people’s bodies for early signs of deadly illnesses such as cancer or heart disease.
A Life Sciences team at the special projects Google X Lab are experimenting with having “nanoparticles” hunt for signs of medical trouble in bloodstreams and then essentially report findings to sensors people could wear.
“This is still early-stage research, but we’ve done a number of promising experiments, so we’re going to keep going,” Google said in a description of the project made public on Tuesday.
Imagined applications include a test for enzymes given off by arterial plaques that are about to rupture and cause a heart attack or stroke, or a way to watch for cancer cells after surgery or chemo treatments.
Early detection is known to dramatically increase chances of successfully treating a number of life-threatening diseases.
Batches of specially crafted nanoparticles, each microscopic in size, could be swallowed in pills and then absorbed into bloodstreams where they would stick to targeted cells such as cancer.
Magnetic qualities designed into nanoparticles allow them to be drawn to worn devices and counted using non-invasive detection methods such as light or radiowaves, according to Google.
If successful, the technology could “help physicians detect a disease that’s starting to develop in the body,” the California-based technology titan said.
Google said that it would license the technology to companies interested in using it for medically approved diagnostics.
Google Life Sciences team innovations include contact lenses that measure glucose levels in tears to allow people with diabetes to track blood sugar, and eating utensils that cancel out trembling hands caused by diseases such as Parkinsons.
Google also last year formed a company called Calico with a mission to address problems of health and ageing by harnessing advanced technologies.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Just Dial shares up after company clarifies on fund raising plansJust Dial shares up after company clarifies on fund raising plans
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
October 29, 2014:  
Shares of Just Dial Limited have bounced back gaining over 4.5 per cent on the BSE after the company clarified that its proposal to seek shareholders' nod to raise funds amounting up to Rs 1,000 crore was only an enabling resolution and it did not intend to "hoard cash".
The stock came under sustained selling pressure yesterday losing nearly 6 per cent on the BSE after the company notified the exchanges about its plans to get shareholders' approval to raise funds. But the announcement by JDL, which offers local search related services through multiple platforms within the country, appeared to have calmed the nerves of the investors.
In a clarification issued to the stock exchanges on its proposal to seek shareholders' approval through postal ballot to raise money up to Rs 1,000 crore, JDL said that the company's IPO last year was a 1OO per cent "offer for sale and no fresh issue of equity shares was undertaken by us". The company did not raise any money through the lPO.
JDL said that its business had "continued to generate cash" and its cash balance has gone up since the IPO to nearly Rs 740 crore (including investments) as of September 30, 2014. The company said that its board had passed an "enabling capital raising resolution" to ensure that JDL was prepared "in the event a suitable opportunity arises" for it to pursue any strategic objectives. The company said that as of now, it had not indentified any such suitable opportunity requiring it to raise capital and said "we do not intend to hoard cash". The company said that it would "act upon this enabling resolution" only if it identified a suitable opportunity for pursuing strategic initiatives that needed capital "over and above the funds currently available with us".
The clarification appeared to have calmed the investors' sentiments with the stock gaining Rs 61.90 or 4.54 per cent to Rs 1425 on the BSE. The stock has been under performing in the past few weeks after touching a 52 week high of Rs 1,894.70 on Aug 5 on the exchange. Since then it is down by about 25 per cent.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Nasa unmanned spacecraft explodes after liftoff© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8024109c-5f23-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regulator says HK is ready on Stock ConnectHong Kong regulator says its work on Stock Connect is done
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/127d457a-5f1b-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money: Narendra Modi govt submits list of 627 names to Supreme CourtCentre submits black money holders' list to SC, but names to remain secret
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 16:36  IST
Oct 29 2014, 16:36  IST
 

Advisory on Xiaomi 4-5 months old  no ban on using phones: IAFE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ahead of Delhi polls  BJP state unit announces newteamDelhi Pradesh BJP President Satish Upadhyay has named his new team. (Source: PTI)
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:13 am
After months of delay, the Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay announced his new team after a round of consultations with the central leadership and RSS.
The list tries to accommodate candidates from all factions of the BJP in an attempt to placate senior leadership. Candidates close to Arun Jaitely, Sushma Swaraj, former party presidents Vijay Goel, Harshvardhan and former chief minister Madan Lal Khurana have also been named. The list was released late at night after several rounds of lengthy consultations between top functionaries of BJP and RSS.
Upadhyay has also ensured that a major role was given to councillors who are expected to play a major role in the forthcoming political developments in the national capital. He appointed  three of his closest associates for the post of general secretaries. The three general secretaries in the new team are South Delhi MP Ramesh Bidhuri, Councillor Rekha Gupta and councillor Ashish Sood.
The post is considered important in the party setup as these three are expected to perform all major organisational tasks over the next few months that are crucial for the party to form the government in the city.
Newsline on October 18 reported about councillors dominating the team and to be given priority for the posts like general secretary, while at the same time revealing their names. Eight vice-presidents and eight secretaries have also been appointed to the new organisational setup. Vice Presidents are Tilak Raj Katari, Rajni Abby, Vishakha Sailani, Jai Prakash, Shikha Rai, Abhay Verma, Kiran Chaddha and Kuljeet Chahal. Kamaljeet
Kamaljeet Sherawat is the new women’s wing president. Nakul Bhardwaj is youth wing president. Aman Sinha, Poonam Jha Azad, Garish Khurana, Rajeev Barbara and Dipika Sharma have been appointed as spokesperson. Praveen Shankar Kapoor is the new media convenor.
Taking cue from the PM Narendra Modi, the BJP Delhi unit has formed a Swacchta Abhiyan committee.
The treasurer post was given to ex- MLA ShyamLal Garg, said the sources. Vijay Sharma is the organisational general secretary.
While no MLA was named in the team, three of the MLA’s considered close to Upadhyay were made convenor for three corporations. Subhash Sachdeva was made south corporation convenor whereas Kulwant Rana and Manoj Shokeen were given charge of north and east corporations respectively. Earlier, RSS and central leadership has suggested that MLAs should be kept out of the team as they would need to run for elections if polls are conducted. Councilors who would lead the Delhi unit assisting the unit president will have to give away their existing post in the corporations.

To prevent repeat of Gandhi Maidan  Bihar govt gears up with CCTVs and forces at Chhath PujaghatsChhath Puja is observed from sunset to the next sunrise, six days from Diwali
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:12 am
Rattled by the recent Gandhi Maidan stampede that killed 33 people on Dussehra, the Bihar government has deployed adequate forces and installed 48 CCTVs cameras on Ganga ghats to monitor crowds and control traffic.
In 2012, a stampede had taken place at Adalat Ghat in Patna during Chhath Puja killing 22 people. Two major stampedes in last three years at the state capital have raised serious questions on the state government’s level of preparedness for big crowd management. In Patna alone, over 15 lakh devotees converge on Ganga ghats to mark Chhath Puja.
City SP Satyaveer Singh said: “We have ensured one-way traffic and deployed private volunteers to help devotees.”
People stand near footwears of stampede victims during Dussehra function at Gandhi Maidan in Patna on Friday. (Source: PTI file)
A large number of devotees observe the festival near ponds and cemented tanks constructed on rooftop of apartment blocks. This, however, has not lessened rush at Ganga ghats because of people preferring to mark the festival with neighbours near water bodies.
Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi, who had received criticism for “inept handling” of Gandhi Maidan crowd during Dussehra, has personally supervised several ghats this time.
The sun temple at Deb in Aurangabad that attracts lakhs of devotees tobserve Chhath Puja has also seen unprecented deployment of forces. Over 150 generators are hired to lit the area for evening and early morning puja offerings. This time the district administration has preferred generators for safety. Rumours that a live wire had fallen was behind the Gandhi Maidan stampede.
All 38 Bihar district magistrates and SPs had been asked to personally monitor security and crowd management at the ghats.
Meanwhile, the state government has declared public holidays for today and tomorrow.

Actress Elizabeth NormentdiesElizabeth Norment died on October 13 at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:01 am
Elizabeth Norment, the actress who starred as Kevin Spacey’s executive secretary Nancy Kaufberger on ‘House of Cards’, has passed away at the age of 61.
Her sister, Kate confirmed that Elizabeth died on October 13 at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, according to Hollywood Reporter.
Spacey expressed his condolences to Elizabeth through Twitter, writing, ‘RIP Elizabeth Norment. We all loved her and she leaves a void in all of us here at HoC’s.’ ‘Elizabeth’s passing. She was a talented actress, a warm soul and a good friend to us all,’ Beau Willimon, the creator of ‘House of Cards’, said in a statement.
Executives at MRC, the production company behind the series, said, ‘Elizabeth Norment was a talented actress with a beautiful spirit who touched the entire ‘House of Cards’ family.’
Besides ‘House of Cards’, Elizabeth appeared on some other series including ‘Law & Order’, ‘St Elsewhere’, ‘Party of Five’, ‘ER’, ‘Mad About You’ and ‘Blue Bloods’. She played Eunice Kennedy on 1985’s miniseries ‘Robert Kennedy and His Times’.
Her big screen credits included 1984’s ‘The Woman in Red’ and ‘Runaway’, as well as 1997’s ‘Romy and Michele’s High School Reunion’.

New schemes for old in Akhilesh govts balance sheetAt a function held earlier this week to launch new schemes.
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:54 am
The UP government is set to launch a grand new scheme, Samajwadi Pension Yojana worth Rs 2,424 crore, on November 5 with cheques to 10,000 families out of a target of 40 lakh. Such new schemes, however, come at a price.
The SP government has over the past few months stopped or drastically reduced funds for its existing flagship schemes, after having spent over Rs 8,000 crore in its first two years and benefited over 60 lakh families. A government official justified it: “The financial constrains are the same; so, to make way for new schemes, others will have to be either tweaked or funds stopped.”
A checklist of such schemes:
Rani Laxmi Bai Pension Yojana Rs 1,100 crore; Stopped
Announced soon after the Akhilesh Yadav government came to power in May 2012. He scrapped a similar scheme of the Mayawati government, Mukhyamantri Mahamaya Gareeb Arthik Madad Yojana. Sources said that in two years, about 23 lakh out of 25.75 lakh targeted beneficiaries have been covered, with Rs 1,100 crore spent. Funds for the scheme have been stopped because of a new, similar scheme, Samajwadi Pension Yojana, with some changes in selection criteria. All these schemes have been for those among the poor left out of other schemes.
Kanya Vidya Dhan Yojana Rs 1,700 crore; token continuance
The scheme was meant for girls who have passed XII and belong to families with income less than Rs 35,000. Started during Mulayam Singh Yadav’s regime, revived by Akhilesh. In two financial years, Rs 1,700 crore has been spent, benefiting over 7 lakh girls. In 2012-13, 2.95 lakh got Rs 30,000 each; the next year, 4.45 lakh got Rs 20,000; this year, the budget allocation is a token Rs 1 crore.
Laptop distribution Rs 2,858 crore; Token continuance
Benefited 14.65 lakh students who had passed class XII. This year, a token allocation of only Rs 1 crore has been made, and the government has become selective in distributing about 35,000 laptops that are left over. The government has also decided to stop funds for free tablets to students who have passed class X.
Unemployment Allowance Rs 2,000 crore; Stopped
Rs 1,000 per month for the unemployed. The scheme has been started during Mulayam’s regime, and was revived by Akhilesh in 2012. The government has decided to stop allotting funds after having spent about Rs 2,000 crore in two financial years and benefited about 12 lakh unemployed youth.
‘Shadi-Bimari’ Yojana Rs 420 crore; Token continuance
The name is a popular one given to the scheme, which entails assistance to poor girls for marriage and illness. It is meant for girls of SC/ST communities and other backward classes. Launched in 2007-2008, it saw changes in 2012. In two years, the government spent Rs 220 crore on 2 lakh SC/ST girls and Rs 200 crore on 2.2 lakh OBC girls. This year, a token Rs 1 crore allocation has continued…

Kobe Bryant s return adds to opening night intrigueKobe Bryant's return will only add more. Bryant's 19th season gets started Tuesday night when the Los Angeles Lakers open at home against the Houston Rockets. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:04 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:43 am
Opening night in the NBA. The San Antonio Spurs get their rings and show off their fifth championship banner. The first full season under Commissioner Adam Silver gets underway.
That’s enough reason for buzz.
Kobe Bryant’s return will only add more. Bryant’s 19th season gets started Tuesday night when the Los Angeles Lakers open at home against the Houston Rockets. What he has left in the tank might be one of the biggest questions heading into the season. “The official start of the journey,” said Bryant, who played in just six games last season.
There’s an easy answer to why is he still out there. Bryant is already wealthy beyond belief, a five-time champion, a lock to be a Hall of Famer. But he still feels like there’s something for him to prove on the floor. Here’s a look at some of the things that set Bryant apart, and what milestones he’s on the verge of reaching this season.
THE BEST AT MISSING
He takes a lot of shots. And therefore, he misses a lot of shots. Bryant’s 99th unsuccessful field-goal attempt this season will be the 13,418th of his regular-season career — which will pass John Havlicek for the NBA record in that most ignominious department. Factor in playoff games, and Bryant already has missed more attempts than anyone in league history.
593 FOR 3
Bryant has 31,700 points in his career. He’s 593 points away from passing Michael Jordan for No. 3 on the league’s all-time regular-season list.
HE WINS
If Bryant plays in 24 wins this season, he’ll go up to fifth on the NBA’s all-time victories-appeared-in list. Bryant is currently eighth with 813, with those within realistic reach being Shaquille O’Neal (819), Gary Payton (823) and Clifford Robinson (836). Bryant has appeared in 432 losses; that’s not even in the top 100 in NBA history. Live on Sonysix, 5.29 am

La Ligas best  Ronaldo picks up three awardsThe Real Madrid star was also given the “Best Forward of La Liga 2013-14” and best goal awards late Monday. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Madrid | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 9:34 am
Cristiano Ronaldo has picked up three awards at the Spanish league’s gala including last season’s best player. The Real Madrid star was also given the “Best Forward of La Liga 2013-14” and best goal awards late Monday. Ronaldo said he had “a hat-trick of awards, it’s spectacular,” and added he would like to return next year to carry on winning prizes.
The best coach award was claimed by Atletico Madrid’s Diego Simeone and the League Champion award went to his club. Madrid’s Luka Modric picked up the prize for best midfielder while the best attacking midfielder award went to Barcelona’s Andres Iniesta. Madrid’s Sergio Ramos was awarded with the best defender award. Best goalkeeper went to Keylor Navas, who played with Levante last season but is now with Madrid.
Meanwhile, Real Madrid begin the defence of their Copa del Rey title this week with a visit to third-tier minnows Cornella. Although Madrid will certainly rest some of its stars, Cornella has celebrated wildly what it is calling a “winning the lottery” first-round clash that will see its small-budget squad square up to a team whose value exceeds $1 billion.
All eyes were on Madrid’s Valdebebas training ground on Monday for clues as to who might play against Cornella. Coach Carlo Ancelotti gave Ronaldo the day off after his team’s 3-1 victory against Barcelona, so the Portugal forward is likely to be rested.
Others who did not train with the rest of the squad on the field but instead did exercises in the gym were Gareth Bale, Ramos and Modric. Ancelotti had already said that captain Iker Casillas would be replaced in goal for Copa del Rey matches by substitute ‘keeper Keylor Navas.

IBM scaling down India business  MD Vanitha to return to USYou are here: Home > Collections > Software
IBM scaling down India business, MD Vanitha Narayanan to return to US
Pankaj Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
IBM
(IBM's India headcount is…)
BANGALORE: A decade after IBM put India at the core of its global strategy for software services, by building an army of engineers, the company is shedding staff, scaling down investments and even shuffling the top leadership in the country. Already, from around 1.65 lakh employees on its payroll by 2011, IBM's India headcount has now fallen to around 1.13 lakh and set to slide to 1 lakh by March 2015, according to people familiar with the company's plans.
IBM India managing director Vanitha Narayanan, who relocated from the United States in January last year, is planning to return as part of a major organisational rejig. "IBM is looking to rationalise high cost executives assigned across the markets and bring them back to the US," a source said.
"Such executives cost anywhere between $7,00,00 and over $1 million annually, apart from local country market costs," he added. Another person familiar with the developments added that Narayanan's possible return to the US has "nothing to do with India performance, but a part of global realignment of senior resources."
IBM India said in a statement that it "continues to invest in India" and that it has "more than 3,000 open positions" for jobs in the company. "Narayanan continues to lead India (and) the rumour (about her move to the US) is completely unfounded," according to IBM.
CHEAP LABOUR NO MORE THE 'SILVER BULLET'
As IBM attempts to script another turnaround in over a century of its existence, lowcost software services are no more the silver bullet that helped it come out of "a neardeath experience" in the late nineties. With aggressive disruptors such as Amazon and Google, cloud computing is the new battlefront, threatening models that rely on low-cost labour.
And that explains the shift in IBM's priorities, company insiders said."India is important, but not critical to IBM's survival like the time when Sam Palmisano brought entire board of the company to Bangalore in 2004," said a person familiar with the changes. "Things are looking quite different from 2011 — I now see half-empty floors, paid parking slots and no free coffee at times," said an IBM employee.
Now, software robots from companies such as IPSoft, and IBM's very own Watson, are being applied to automate projects, reducing dependence on engineers and support staff. Already, IBM has an internal project called 'Dynamic Automation' that is aimed at reducing dependency on human engineers by deploying software robots and automation tools. What IBM is doing is not surprising, said Rishikesha Krishnan, director and professor of strategy at Indian Institute of Management-Indore.
 
"IBM got into plain vanilla services rather late and that has pretty much run its course now. So they have to find a new business model," he said. The trend away from labour-intensive software services is the biggest driver for top MNCs including IBM to be looking elsewhere for talent.
Vinnie Mirchandani, a former Gartner analyst and CEO of boutique advisory firm Deal Architect, said companies such as IBM are looking to build newer talent teams in regions beyond India. "In areas like social marketing, security, mobile app development, IBM and other firms are developing talent pools in newer global regions and so are not as dependent on India," Mirchandani said.
BIG BLUES
Earlier this month, sales at Big Blue fell short of analysts' expectations as its legacy businesses start to slow down while the company's CEO Ginni Rometty pushes ahead with a strategy to improve margins. IBM's revenue fell for the tenth consecutive quarter in the third quarter of 2014 (ended September) to $22.4 billion.
In India, the company was embroiled in allegations of fraud, following which its contract with India's largest telecom company Bharti Airtel was renegotiated.
For its part, IBM has signed some new contracts in the past year in India and Narayanan's tenure has seen its bright sparks. In July, IBM closed a Rs 550-crore deal with microfinance firm Janalakshmi Financial Services. For the first time, IBM is also setting up a cloud data centre in India. The new centre will be a part of 15 new IBM cloud centres that will come up across the world.
But all this is yet to make up for the lost momentum IBM had few years ago in India's outsourcing market when it rode a fresh wave of outsourcing by the country's growing telecom companies. Indeed, IBM India's revenue for the year ending March 2013 rose by 12% to $3.2 billion, but profit fell 20% for the same period (fromRs 1,520.8 crore to 1,218.2 crore).
Meanwhile, Indian IT services companies such as Wipro have also started on a journey to become leaner. ET reported in September that the company which has 1.46 lakh employees is aiming to slim its workforce down by a third by focusing on automation.
Behind this realignment of payrolls is a growing trend of doing more with less. For instance, Indian IT companies only added 13,000 employees for every billion dollars of revenue in the 12 months to March 2014 as against 26,500 employees the year ago, according to Nasscom. "IBM is shrinking workforces not just in India," Mirchandani said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt hands over black money list to SCUpdate: Govt hands over list of 627 account holders to Supreme Court in black money case
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 13:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government on Wednesday submitted in the Supreme Court a list of 627 names , holding black money accounts in foreign banks, revealed to it by the French government.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi handed over two sealed envelopes to the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
Rohatgi said that half of these account holders are residents of the country while the other half are Non-Resident Indians (or NRIs). These accounts pertain up to 2006.
The AG said that action had been initiated into the matter. Some of the account holders had paid taxes while others were under investigation, he said.
Rohatgi also told the court the Income Tax Act had been amended to extend the limitation period up to March 31, 2015, for recovering taxes from these account holders. Under the earlier provision, a limitation period for recovery of taxes was six years, which in these cases came to an end in 2012.
The SC directed that the sealed envelopes containing 627 names, including correspondence with the French government, be given to Special Investigation Team (SIT) Chairman Justice MB Shah and Vice Chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat.
The apex court said the SIT , which was set up by it on July 4, 2011, will move into the matter in accordance with the law.
All the 627 accounts are at HSBC Bank in Geneva - the details of which the government got from its French counterpart.
These are also known as stolen data and when the government approached the Swiss authorities for assistance, they refused to help, saying that they did not deal with stolen data.
However, HSBC Bank said that if the domestic authorities got an NOC from the account holders, then it would share the details. As a consequence, about 50-60 account holders gave their consent with NOC.
Rohatgi told the court that the government's only request was that nothing should impede in getting information from these countries and others on foreign accounts in future.
Directing further hearing of the matter to December 3, the SC said that the SIT team will submit its status report on the steps taken by it in pursuance to the list of the 627 account holders.
On Tuesday, the government was directed by the apex court to furnish in a sealed envelope the list of all individuals and entities in its possession who have accounts in overseas banks, legitimate or otherwise.
The directive to this effect came a day after the government gave the court the names of seven individuals and one company, alleging they had funds in bank accounts abroad over which proceedings had been initiated for tax evasion.

Rajsthan State Election Commission announces dates for 46 civicbodiesPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:49 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 11:50 am
The Rajasthan State Election Commission on Tuesday announced elections to 46 civic bodies in Rajasthan to be held on November 22. Political parties are yet again busy with scouting for candidates and are stepping up efforts in the poll-bound areas. After grabbing three out of four assembly seats in the recent
After grabbing three out of four assembly seats in the recent bypolls, the Congress is gearing up to repeat their performance while the ruling BJP government has since undertaken several steps to better its public image ahead of the civic polls.
The Rajasthan State Election Commission on Tuesday announced that nominations will be invited from November 7 and the last date will be on November 12. “Withdrawal of nominations will be allowed till November 14 and the results will be declared on November 25,” said Ram Lubhaya, Chief Election Commissioner.
Electronic voting machines will be used for the civic polls again this time facilitating a quick counting of votes. The civic bodies include six municipal corporations – Jaipur, Kota, Jodhpur, Bikaner, Udaipur and Bharatpur, 18 municipal councils and 22 municipalities.
Over 63.09 lakh electors will cast their votes at 6,135 polling booths in 1696 wards, officials said. Photo ID cards will be accepted for voting during the election process. Lubhaya said for municipal corporation polls, the expenditure limit will be Rs 80,000, for municipal council it will be Rs 60,000 and for municipalities it will be Rs 40,000. In 2009 civic polls, the limit was Rs 20,000, 15,000 and 10,000, respectively, for the three bodies.
The model code of conduct came into effect from Tuesday ahead of which the state government is in a rush reshuffled 39 IPS and 44 IAS officers along with a sizeable number of Rajasthan Police Service and Rajasthan Administrative Service officers.
While the BJP will go to the polls under the leadership of Home Minister Gulab Chand Kataria, Congress is at the hustings under Pradesh Congress Committee chief Sachin Pilot. Political observers say this is the first time a ruling party has named anyone dedicated for the job.

India A take on Sri Lanka in warm up game  fringe players look toimpressBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:48 am
Fringe players will have a chance to prove their mettle when the Manoj Tiwary-led India ‘A’ take on Sri Lanka in the only one-day warm up match, which will mark the beginning of the hastily scheduled ODI series, here on Thursday.
The tour game, at the Cricket Club of India’s Brabourne Stadium, also provides Rohit Sharma, recovering from a fractured finger and shoulder injury, a chance to prove his fitness and get back into the side for the last two games of the best-of-five ODI series against the visitors.
In the opening slot, Mahrashtra’s Kedar Jadhav, a hard-hitting middle-order batsman, can show himself as a good back-up option with the World Cup only a few months away.
Delhi’s Unmukt Chand would also be itching to show his worth after having scored an unbeaten 79 and 101 against West Indies in the two warm-up matches played earlier this month.
Among all-rounders, Karnataka’s Stuart Binny and Jammu and Kashmir’s Parveez Rasool will strive to again get a look in the limited-over side. With Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni in need of a bowling all-rounder, the selectors under Sandeep Patil’s chairmanship, will be keenly following the duo’s performance.
The match is also a good platform for youngsters – Karnataka’s Manish Pandey and UP’s ‘Chinaman’ bowler Kuldeep Yadav who earned the maiden call-up against the West Indies in the T20 and ODIs – to showcase their talent and force their way into national squad. For Mumbai pacer Dhawal Kulkarni, included in the Indian ODI team in place of injured Mohamad Shami, it is a god-sent opportunity to make an impression with the new ball as well as the old and prove he is a good ‘death’ bowler.
The visitors, too, have a few things to look forward to in their lone warm-up game before the start of the five-match ODI series against hosts and World Cup champions India on November 2 at Cuttack.
The Angelo Mathews-led Lanka would be eager to make the most of the game after being asked to step in for a series against India in place of the West Indies who pulled out of their tour midway over a pay dispute with their Board. The islanders would be eager to quickly get into their groove with a good display in the one-off warm-up match.
The island nation hasn’t had enough time to prepare for the series after being asked to play at short notice and are missing some key players, including sling-arm fast bowler Lasith Malinga who is used to the conditions in Mumbai being part of the IPL team Mumbai Indians. In the absence of some of the regular players who are recovering from injuries, this series would help the emerald nation to test its continued…

Supreme Court not to make black money list public; leaves it toSITPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 1:23 pm
Complying with the Supreme Court’s order , the government on Wednesday placed before the court the complete list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva. Stating that almost half these names are under tax probe for allegedly stashing black money abroad,  the government said charges have to be filed by March next year.
As directed by the court on Tuesday, the documents containing names of the account holders, correspondence with French authorities and the status report of the probe conducted so far in the black money case were submitted in separate sealed covers by Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi. The court said it would not make the names public at this juncture.
ALSO READ: Government says its hands tied, defers tax treaty signing 
Appearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, Rohatgi said almost half the account holders were resident Indians, who could be prosecuted under the Income Tax laws, while the others were NRIs. Some have already admitted that they have accounts and have paid taxes, he said.
The bench, also comprising Justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur, said the court would not have asked for the entire list if the government had not opposed its directive to disclose everything.
“All this problem did not start because we wanted the list but because you came out with an unnecessary application asking for modification of our original order of 2011. We had already told you that our only concern is to get the black money back,” said the bench.
“We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention. You should not have pressed this application of yours, especially after petitioner-in-person senior advocate Mr Ram Jethmalani made those sarcastic remarks against you when you mentioned the new plea,” it said.
The bench was referring to the government’s application that sought modification of the 2011 order to enable it to release only selective information about account holders under probe.
The court said it had already constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to look into the case. “The SIT knows its job. They are not laymen. They may devise their own procedure if required. We had to ask you to give us the list because you filed this application. They will decide whether Income Tax or CBI or Enforcement Directorate need to probe,” it said.
Rohatgi conceded that that the government’s intent was perhaps “misunderstood” and he would not press his application anymore in the court.
The court directed that the documents be sent to the SIT, to be opened only by Chairman M B Shah and Vice-Chairman Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the Supreme Court who are part of the SIT.
Asking the SIT to submit a status report by November-end, the bench said the SIT would proceed in accordance with the law and could also evolve its own procedure with regard to the future course of investigation.
Rohatgi said the entire list had already been given to the SIT on June 27, but the court retorted: “We don’t even know if the list that you have given to us is the same list that you have given to the SIT. It now for them to verify everything… it is for the SIT to now make use of these documents.”
The next hearing of the case has been scheduled for December 3.

Myanmar national  a divorced mother of three small kids  dies in roadaccidentPrint
By: Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 11:34 am
A Myanmar national has died and four co-passengers seriously injured when a truck they were hitching a ride on fell into a gorge about nine kilometers from the eastern Mizoram town of Champhai on Tuesday night.
The rice laden truck was on the way to Champhai from capital Aizawl when part of the road gave way while it was trying to pass another vehicle coming from the opposite direction along the narrow winding road that leads up to the town, which lies near the Indo-Myanmar border.
The injured were immediately helped by travelers passing through the area and taken to the District Hospital but 26-year-old Vanlalthiami succumbed to her injuries there at around 8 pm.
Vanlalthiami had been divorced for sometime and was living with her three small children, the eldest of whom is seven years old, in Champhai’s Kanan neighborhood. Locals said she has no known relatives in the town but the community would organize her funeral on Wednesday.
The other four injured, including the driver and handleman, are currently being taken care of at the hospital and are said to be out of danger.

Unmanned supply rocket explodes after liftoff:NASAPrint
This image taken from video provided by NASA TV shows Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned rocket blowing up over the launch complex at Wallops Island, Va., just six seconds after liftoff. The company says no one was believed to be hurt and the damage appeared to be limited to the facilities. (AP Photo/NASA TV)
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:04 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 5:53 pm
An unmanned U.S. supply rocket exploded shortly after lifting off from a commercial launch pad in Virginia, the first disaster since NASA turned to private operators to run cargo to the International Space Station.
The 14-story Antares rocket, built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp, blasted off from the Wallops Flight Facility at 2222 GMT on Tuesday but burst into flames moments later and plunged back to the ground in a massive ball of fire and smoke.
No one was hurt in the crash, authorities said. The craft was carrying a Cygnus cargo ship bound for the station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations that orbits about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.
Another resupply vehicle, the unmanned Russian Progress spacecraft, successfully launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan just hours later with nearly 3 tons of food, fuel and supplies. That craft was due to reach the station later on Wednesday.
The loss of the Cygnus supply vessel posed no immediate problem for the orbiting team of six crew members – two NASA astronauts, one from the European Space Agency and three Russian cosmonauts – officials said.
“There was no cargo that was absolutely critical to us that was lost on that flight. The crew is in no danger,” NASA Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier said.
The cause of the mishap was under investigation, said Frank Culbertson, Orbital Sciences executive vice president.
Russia’s Roskomos space agency said it was ready to help ferry extra U.S. cargo to the International Space Station if NASA requested such assistance.
“If we get a request to urgently deliver some U.S. cargo to the ISS with the help of our freighter, we will satisfy it,” RIA news agency quoted a senior Roskosmos official, Alexei Krasnov, as saying. “But there has been no such request for now.”
Cygnus had been due to loiter in orbit until Nov. 2, then fly to the station so astronauts could use a robotic crane to snare the capsule and attach it to a berthing port.
The station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations, orbits about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth. It is overseen by Russia and the United States, whose relations are at a low ebb over the Ukraine crisis.
Footage of Tuesday’s launch showed the Antares rising slowly into the night sky as flames suddenly engulfed the rocket, about 11 seconds after liftoff, before the vehicle sank back downward.
Ronda Miller, manager of the Ocean Deli in Wallops Island, Virginia, told Reuters she felt the force of the blast from the eatery, about 5 miles (8 km) from the launch pad.
“We were standing outside waiting for it to launch and we saw bright red, and then we saw a big black cloud, and it shook the whole building where we work,” Miller said.
Orbital Sciences stock fell 15.5 percent to a two-month low of $25.65 in after-hours trade.
The Cygnus mission was non-military, but the company’s Antares program manager, Mike Pinkston, said the craft included “some classified cryptographic equipment, so we do need to maintain the area around the debris in a secure manner”.
An unmanned Orbital Sciences Corp.’s Antares rocket headed for the International Space Station lifts off from the Wallops Flight Facility on Wallops Island, Va. on Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014 shortly before exploding. No injuries were reported following the first catastrophic launch in NASA’s commercial spaceflight effort. (Source: AP)
RUSSIAN ROCKET ENGINES
The accident renewed questions about the use of Russian engines in U.S. rockets.
The Antares is powered by the AJ-26 engine built by GenCorp Inc division Aerojet Rocketdyne. In May, an AJ-26 exploded during a ground test at NASA’s Stennis Space Center in Mississippi.
Orbital Sciences and Aerojet have not yet released the cause of that engine failure.
Congress has been more concerned about Russian-made RD-180 engines that power United Launch Alliance’s Atlas 5 rockets, used primarily to fly U.S. military satellites.
The RD-180 has had no technical problems, but Russia has threatened to suspend exports in response to U.S. trade sanctions prompted by Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region. United Launch Alliance is a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
It was unclear how much Tuesday’s explosion would cost Orbital Sciences, whose flight was partly insured. The rocket itself and the cargo ship it carried were valued at $200 million, Culbertson said.
NASA officials said damage on the ground appeared limited to the launch facility, but its full extent was not immediately known.
Culbertson told reporters on a conference call that the pad was the only one certified for launching the Antares rocket, so its repair was a top priority, adding: “We will not fly until we understand the root cause and the corrective action to make sure this doesn’t happen again.”
The Antares rocket has been launched successfully on four prior missions. Tuesday’s launch attempt had been delayed a day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket’s intended flight path.
Virginia-based Orbital Sciences is one of two companies NASA has hired to fly cargo to the station after the space shuttles were retired. Tuesday’s planned flight was to be the third of eight under the company’s $1.9 billion contract with NASA.
The second U.S. supply line to the station is run by privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, which is preparing for its fourth flight under a separate $1.6 billion NASA contract, slated for Dec. 9.
The Cygnus carried a prototype satellite owned by Redmond, Washington-based startup Planetary Resources Inc., which is developing technology to mine asteroids. The company said it still planned to have a second vehicle included on a U.S. commercial launch in 2015.
Orbital Sciences is in the midst of merging with Alliant Techsystems Inc’s Aerospace and Defense division, a deal that analysts expect to close sometime early next year.

Myanmar national  a divorced mother of three small kids  dies in road accidentPrint
By: Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 11:34 am
A Myanmar national has died and four co-passengers seriously injured when a truck they were hitching a ride on fell into a gorge about nine kilometers from the eastern Mizoram town of Champhai on Tuesday night.
The rice laden truck was on the way to Champhai from capital Aizawl when part of the road gave way while it was trying to pass another vehicle coming from the opposite direction along the narrow winding road that leads up to the town, which lies near the Indo-Myanmar border.
The injured were immediately helped by travelers passing through the area and taken to the District Hospital but 26-year-old Vanlalthiami succumbed to her injuries there at around 8 pm.
Vanlalthiami had been divorced for sometime and was living with her three small children, the eldest of whom is seven years old, in Champhai’s Kanan neighborhood. Locals said she has no known relatives in the town but the community would organize her funeral on Wednesday.
The other four injured, including the driver and handleman, are currently being taken care of at the hospital and are said to be out of danger.

Black money case: Centre submits names of over 600 foreign bank A/C holders to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Rupee trims early gains; still up 1 paise at 61.31Rupee trims early gains; still up 1 paise at 61.31
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
The rupee trimmed its early gains but was still trading a tad strong at 61.31 against the dollar at 4.05 p.m. local time due to mild dollar demand from importers amid firm equity market.
After opening strong by seven paise to 61.25 against the dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today on increased selling of the US currency by exporters and banks, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.25 and 61.35 in the afternoon trade.
According to forex dealers, the dollar’s weakness against other currencies overseas as investors await news from the US Federal Reserve about interest rate plans for the world’s largest economy and a firm domestic equity market supported the rupee.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Asia stocks firm ahead of Fed decisionDollar jumps as hawkish Fed ends QE
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/546f6540-5f1a-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dabur shares crash after black money probe first listDabur shares crash after black money probe first list
KS Badri Narayanan
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 27:  
Dabur India shares crashed after reports said Pradip Burman is among the individuals who are under investigation for stashing black money abroad.
According to the latest shareholding pattern of Dabur, Pradip Burman, who is part of the promoter group, controls just 0.02 per cent stake in the company.
According to media reports, other individuals in the list are Pankaj Lodhiya, a bullion trader, and Radha Timblo, director of Goa-based company Timblo Pvt Ltd.
The Dabur stock slumped 9 per cent to Rs 196.40 on the BSE in morning trade soon after some TV channels flashed the news. On the NSE, it tumbled 8.94 per cent to Rs 196.55.
However, later the stock recovered some of the lost ground but was still trading 4 per cent lower at Rs 207.10 on the BSE at 1.40 pm.
The German Government had provided details of Indians who have accounts in Liechtenstein Bank earlier this year under the double taxation avoidance agreement.
However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has maintained that revealing names until investigation was complete would violate bilateral treaty conditions.
Dabur clarifies
Commenting on the latest development, a spokesperson of Dabur said that the Burman family is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, and encourage ethical behaviour at all levels. "We wish to state that this account was opened when he was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account. We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable. Therefore, it is unfortunate that every person having a foreign bank account is being painted with the same brush,” he said.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

For Shri Govindaraja Tex  Make in US is a move well madeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
For Shri Govindaraja Tex, ‘Make in US’ is a move well made
N Ramakrishnan
N Ramakrishnan Ramkumar Varadarajan, MD, Shri Govidaraja Textiles
Managing Director Ramkumar Varadarajan explains cost was not the only factor that weighed in
Chennai, Oct 27:  
For 39-year-old Ramkumar Varadarajan, the dilemma was whether his company should expand in India or go to foreign shores. His problem was solved when Rieter, a Swiss manufacturer of textile machinery, came up with a study whose findings surprised him.
Rieter’s study covered a range of textile products – from yarn to garments – to find out which country was the most competitive to make that product. “I was surprised to see they had indicated that the US is the cheapest place to manufacture. That was how the whole thought process came about. That was in 2012,” says Varadarajan, Managing Director, Shri Govindaraja Textiles (P) Ltd, during an interaction at the company’s corporate office in Chennai.
Varadarajan was undergoing training with Rieter in Switzerland when he came across the study. Shri Govindaraja Textiles was thinking of expanding and was looking at Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat.
The US journey
Rieter’s study prompted Shri Govindaraja Textiles, part of the Jayavilas group, based in Arupukkotai, Tamil Nadu, to seriously look at the US also for its expansion.
The Jayavilas group, with interests in textiles, logistics and bus transportation, has a capacity of 11 lakh spindles, with Shri Govindaraja Textiles accounting for four lakh – 2.75 lakh in Arupukkotai and 1.25 lakh in Pulivendla, Andhra Pradesh.
With Rieter’s study in hand, Varadarajan, a commerce graduate from Chennai and an MBA from the US, got in touch with the SelectUSA office at the American consulate in Chennai, and told them about his plans and his requirements. The SelectUSA, an agency that facilitates business and investment in the US, put him on to nine States where spinning could be competitive.
After evaluating the options, Shri Govindaraja Textiles chose Eden in Rockingham county, North Carolina to set up the plant. The North Carolina Governor’s office announced in May that the company will invest more than $40 million to make yarn and create 84 jobs in the State over the next two years.
It also said that the North Carolina Department of Commerce’s Rural Infrastructure Authority Board awarded a $750,000 community development block grant to the city of Eden to assist Shri Govindaraja Textiles with up to 50 per cent of the building up fit costs. The company would locate in an 180,000 sq ft building that was formerly owned by Karastan, Inc, a leading rugs and carpets manufacturer.
The Governor’s office press release said salaries would vary by job function, but average annual payroll was estimated to be $2 million plus benefits.
According to Varadarajan, his company looked at South Carolina, Georgia, Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee and Arkansas before deciding on North Carolina.
Zeroing in on North Carolina
“It was a combination of various input costs that were tabulated before we made a decision and zeroed in on North Carolina. But if you ask me what is the single biggest reason behind choosing North Carolina, it is the cost of power. North Carolina is serviced by Duke power which offered us the best rate among all other States,” he said.
The main inputs for making yarn are cotton, power, wages and cost of capital. Except wages, all other input costs will be lower in the US, according to Varadarajan.
Power accounts for 12-15 per cent of the input costs for a mill that is into ring spinning and 8-12 per cent for open end spinning, according to him. “In the US, we are looking at anywhere between 3-4 per cent in terms of energy cost.”
In North Carolina, Shri Govindaraja Textiles’s subsidiary, SGRTEX LLC, will get electricity at the equivalent of Rs 3 a unit; more importantly, electricity will be consistent and uninterrupted. In India, the company pays Rs 6.75-6.90 for a unit of electricity and at least a rupee more if it has to buy from merchant power producers whenever grid power fails.
The company will get contamination-free cotton with guaranteed homogeneity as North Carolina is a leading cotton-growing State.
In India, there is extensive human handling in cotton because of which a lot of impurities such as human hair, strands from polypropylene bags that are used to pack cotton and plastic packets get mixed with the cotton. Hence, Shri Govindaraja Textiles can only guarantee contamination-controlled cotton yarn to its customers. For those who need contamination-free yarn, like some of its Italian customers, the company imports cotton from the US, spins it at its mills in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh and sends the yarn. These buyers are prepared to pay a premium for imported cotton. Checking for contamination in the domestic cotton adds to the cost. It is easy for the company to separate dark contaminants like plastic packets, but white human hair and strands of polypropylene from the bags, which too will be white in colour, will be harder to detect.
US vs India
Labour in the US, according to Varadarajan, is costlier than in India. In the US, the company will have to pay a worker $12 an hour. In India, it pays them Rs 300-350 a day. Once fully operational, the North Carolina plant will employ 84 workers; in India, Shri Govindaraja Textiles has 6,500 workers.
The US plant will be highly automated, employ eight workers a shift and can make 35 tonnes of yarn a day. The Indian plants cannot be automated to such an extent because of the higher cost and poorer quality of electricity.
According to Varadarajan, the US plant will be funded through a mix of equity and debt, in the ratio of 1:3. Interest rates in the US are around 3 per cent against about 15 per cent in India.
How does the US stack up against India in terms of actual cost of manufacturing? “Net-net cost of manufacturing is 15-20 per cent cheaper in the US for one kg of open end yarn. I will not say the same for 40s ring spun yarn. You cannot automate it to such an extent,” says Varadarajan. What will be the cost of manufacture in absolute terms? “Here it would be Rs 23-24 to make a kilo of 20s yarn, just the conversion cost. There it would be Rs 20,” he replies.
There are other advantages that Shri Govindaraja Textiles will derive from its US plant, in terms of marketing. Thanks to the free trade agreements the US has signed (CAFTA and NAFTA), the yarn can be sent to these regions, get converted into garments and come back into the US without any duty being paid; the same Indian garment will attract a 12-15 per cent duty.
Better still, if the company plans to export yarn to buyers in China, it will be able to do so at a fraction of the shipping costs from India and much quicker. For instance, from Shri Govindaraja Textiles’ spinning mill in Arupukkotai to Tuticorin port will be a distance of 100 km. From Tuticorin port, the containers will be loaded on feeder vessels and moved to Colombo port, where they will be transhipped on vessels to Singapore and then to China; the total shipping costs could be anywhere up to $300 a container and Varadarajan reckons it could take 31 days to reach China. In contrast, thanks to the huge volume of Chinese exports to the US and not much of cargo in the return direction, there are a large number of empty containers. Consequently, shipping costs will be next to nothing and the vessels will take about 20 days to reach China.
According to Varadarajan, the company has placed orders for machinery and the US plant will start operating by December-January.
Ease of doing business
How long did it take for him to obtain all clearances? “That absolutely is not an issue at all. There is this economic development authority whose only job is to get investments,” says Varadarajan. For instance, when Varadarajan got in touch with the nine States through the SelectUSA and told them his requirement, officials from the economic development authority from the nine states came over to where he was and made detailed presentations on the facilities available and incentives they would offer. “We covered nine States in four days.” After he had selected North Carolina, he only had to hire an attorney and a certified public accountant to complete the formalities. The attorney took care of the legal issues, obtained all the necessary clearances and registered the company, while the CPA took care of the corporate side. It all got done in a matter of days, he says. It was a breeze, he adds.
In India, it could have taken him at least a year before he got all the details from the States that were in the race for the investment. It just goes to prove that Make in India may be the flavour for the Narendra Modi Government, but achieving that is still a long way off.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

Neanderthals and humans first mated 50 000 years agoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mercedes-Benz launches GLA 45 AMG 4MATICPrint
Mumbai: Mercedes-Benz has launched its ninth product in 2014, the new GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC in India. Combination of powerful-distinctive design, exclusive appointments as well as superior engine power and driving performance, the GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC makes a strong statement in the growing luxury SUV segment. With the most powerful series-production four-cylinder engine in the world, the new GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC high-performance SUV also boasts of low emission and fuel consumption figures.
Eberhard Kern, Managing Director & CEO, Mercedes-Benz India commented, “The GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC is into a league of its own and provides an overwhelming driving experience. With its powerful-distinctive design, exclusive appointments as well as unrivalled engine power and performance – the new GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC is a true all-rounder. The unique product characteristics and the individualization options allow us to attract new target groups. With the launch of this high-performance SUV, Mercedes-Benz makes a strong statement in the fast growing performance SUV segment in India.”
Driving Performance
The power output peaks at 132.5 kW per litre of displacement. This is higher power density per cylinder than any other car in the world. A maximum output of 265 kW and up to 450 Nm of torque are unmatched by any other mass-produced turbocharged four-cylinder engine worldwide. The GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC accelerates from 0 to 100 km/h in 4.8 seconds and has a top speed of 250 km/h (electronically limited).
The AMG SPEEDSHIFT DCT 7- speed sports transmission in the GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC features three distinct transmission modes, a double-declutching function dependent on the transmission mode and a RACE START function for optimum acceleration. The strengths of the dual-clutch transmission include spontaneous gear shifts without loss of tractive power, a tailor-made control strategy based on the AMG SPEEDSHIFT functions, extremely smooth gear shifts, and a high level of efficiency.
The GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC comes with variable AMG Performance 4MATIC all-wheel drive as standard. In developing this all-wheel-drive system, the focus was firmly on performance and dynamic spirit. The all-wheel-drive system provides an ideal transfer of engine power to the road to provide perfect traction – regardless of the weather conditions. It also elevates driving dynamics to the highest level. The 4MATIC control unit evaluates all the data required for driving dynamics and traction to calculate the ideal torque distribution. The 4ETS dynamic handling control system improves start-off and acceleration on road surfaces offering varying grip on slippery roads. 4ETS prevents one-sided wheel spin when moving off or accelerating.
Styling
The AMG front apron with front splitter and the AMG "twin blade" radiator grille provide athletic highlights – both are painted matt titanium grey. The distinctive AMG lettering at the side between the louvres of the radiator grille is completely new. The AMG-specific rear end design elements include AMG rear apron in diffuser look with matt titanium grey trim, AMG Performance exhaust system with two chrome-plated tailpipe trim elements featuring a twin-pipe design integrated into the bumper and ‘4MATIC’ along with ‘GLA 45 AMG’. The side sill panels with matt titanium grey inserts, the ‘TURBO AMG’ lettering on the front wings and the aluminium roof rails lend the GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC a special touch.
The 3-spoke nappa leather multifunction AMG Performance steering wheel with red contrasting topstitching and AMG aluminum steering-wheel shift paddles, AMG Performance seats with red contrasting topstitching and red designo safety belts are on board, as is the AMG DRIVE UNIT.
Features like illuminated door sill panels with ‘AMG’ lettering and Ambient lighting make the interior classier and lends the it an even more luxurious atmosphere.
The AMG DNA
One of the keys to agile handling is the axle technology: for enhanced driving dynamics, the McPherson front axle on the GLA 45 AMG 4MATIC is fitted with stiffer steering knuckles and new elastokinematics. The AMG sports suspension with specially tuned spring/damper units and bigger anti-roll bars provides high lateral acceleration and reduced body roll in fast double bends. The hallmark Mercedes comfort on long journeys is ensured all the time. The AMG high-performance braking system with internally ventilated and perforated disc brake offers excellent deceleration performance and precision brake control. The AMG Performance exhaust system also features a large pipe diameter for minimized exhaust gas back pressure and optimized performance. When adopting a sporty style of driving drivers of the GLA 45 AMG will experience an emotional sound, which will give them a true race track feeling.
Recommend

BSE Sensex recovers 81 pointsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How to ride the market rally & save on taxesBlackRock Tax Saver Fund
("It makes sense to capitalise on…)
MUMBAI: Come December, the finance department of your company may start pushing you to submit proof for tax-saving investments. But, you need not wait till the last day to invest in a tax-saving instrument. With markets off their highs and many on Dalal Street predicting this as the start of a multi-year bull run, investors may consider buying units of mutual funds' taxsaving product — equity linked saving schemes (ELSS), according to investment advisors.
"It makes sense to capitalise on the current volatility in the market by investing in tax-saving funds to save on tax and create wealth," says Gajendra Kothari, MD & CEO, Etica Wealth Management. "Recent reforms announcements should be a positive trigger for equities in the near term," he says. Investors can put up to Rs150,000 into tax-saving products such as ELSS and Public Provident Fund (PPF) to claim income tax exemption under Section 80C.
Investments in ELSS come with threeyear lock-in period. According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking company, ELSS as a category has given 20.52% average returns in the last three years against the Nifty's 16.52% during the period. Wealth managers say investors should stick to schemes with good track record in the long run. Kothari recommends Reliance Tax Saver Fund, ICICI Prudential Tax Plan and DSP BlackRock Tax Saver Fund .
While the market has done well in the past year, with the CNX Nifty registering 28.91% returns, experts are betting on better times ahead. "Companies are expected to report good earnings growth, with Sensex companies posting 15% CAGR over three years. Taking into account expected earnings growth, there may be further valuation upsides in the market," says Chintan Haria, fund manager, ICICI Prudential AMC.
"The three-year lock-in in tax-saving funds makes investors take at least a three-year view on the equity markets". Mutual fund officials and investment advisors, however, warnagainst trying to time the market while buying ELSS. Chandresh Nigam, MD & CEO, Axis AMC, says, "It is better to take a staggered approach to reduce timing risk." He advises spreading current year investments in tax-saving funds over the next three to four months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Engineering  power stocks have run out of steam post LS polls outcomeYou are here: Home > Collections > Election
Engineering, power stocks have run out of steam post Lok Sabha polls outcome
ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 12.02PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The best performing sector…)
Early in 2014 Dalal Street traders were betting big on a basket of stocks in engineering, power, roads and construction sectors, expecting them to benefi the most in the event of a Narendra Modi-led BJP coming to power. The election results exceeded expectations, with the BJP registering a thumping victory, but the rally in many of these stocks fi zzled out after the poll outcome.For instance, the MSCI Industrial index, which surged 34% before the election, corrected over 6% after the election. Similarly, the MSCI Energy index declined 10% post election after gaining 25% before the election. The best performing sector in India, both year-to-date and since the day of the election results has been healthcare.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Private equity funding & desire to secure higher valuation holding back IPOsPrivate equity funding and desire to secure higher valuation holding back IPOs
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(Nearly half of them are re-filing…)
MUMBAI: If the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark index is the best performer among global indexes, why is it that a capital-starved corporate world is still not queuing up for initial public offerings? The answer may lie in the expectations of those who are waiting to float their shares.
But indications from recent small floats are that novelty of a business may fetch a premium such as Snowman Logistics, but not all as Shemaroo Entertainment's fall below sale price indicates, at least in the early stage of a bullish stock market cycle. With the Sensex gaining nearly 27% year-to-date and the BSE's IPO index at a historic high of 2738.83, there are just about 13 companies which filed with the regulator for a public float.
Nearly half of them are re-filing since they could not sell shares earlier. Others who fancy a listing are looking for valuations that investor interest may not support. The optimism following the election of Narendra Modi as the prime minister which has pushed the Sensex valuations to about 16 times its forward year earnings, has raised expectations of many of the promoters, said investment bankers.
There are not many who are looking for valuations below a billion dollars, says a banker who did not want to be identified. Furthermore, the surge in private equity interest is also hampering new listings. Although many who sponsor deals are in the still loss making e-commerce businesses such as Flipkart.com or Snapdeal.com, the prospects of making business a sophisticated one with private equity funding and getting higher valuations is holding back promoters from going for IPOs.
When there is investor interest with Snowman subscribed 60 times, and Sharda Cropchem 59 times the offer, why is it that even companies from industrial, manufacturing, or services sectors are not enthusiastic about listing? From a situation of securing funds anyhow, companies have now moved for the "right valuation".
A bunch of fund managers who met up with a company manufacturing woollen clothing found, to their shock, that it is seeking a valuation of 35 times forward earnings as it is with consumer companies. The fact that the climatic condition does not require half the nation to ever seek woollen does not seem to have figured in the promoter's mind.
Coffee retail chain Cafe Coffee Day, and aviation company Indigo are among the candidates reportedly interested in floating their companies which bankers say may be valued at more than a billion if the current optimism translates into a kind of frenzy that was witnessed in previous bull markets. Here is where both the bankers and promoters run the risk of killing the golden goose early.
There are many stocks from the days of previous excesses such as Reliance Power where IPO investors are still underwater. It is not just the promoter, or the investment banker who is made out to be the culprit in steep pricing of the IPO. It could just be that investors get carried away with animal spirits' in bull markets.
In fact, some of it is already showing in recent IPOs such as entertainment company Wonderla Holidays, which is trading at 38 times its earnings this fiscal year. The market may at this time be in the right mood to lap up novel companies and aggressive promoters' demand, but they need support from strong earnings growth over a period of time. At this point, the risk of high expectations is making IPO market a sluggish one.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is diamond trade a front for siphoning off moneyYou are here: Home > Collections > Banking
Diamond trade a front for siphoning off money, warn intelligence agencies
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 05.47AM IST
Tags:
customs
(Intelligence agencies…)
NEW DELHI: Intelligence agencies have raised an alert over diamond trade being used to siphon off money out of the country through banking channels. "Some instances have come to light where (diamond) trade has been used as a front to take money out," said an official with an agency dealing with trade frauds. The method is very simple.
Importer will show a higher value of the goods purchased than their actual worth, and make the payment. The extra amount remitted is parked in a foreign bank. This is easier in the case of unworked diamonds as valuations are difficult. Incidentally, one of the three people identified before the Supreme Court as Swiss bank accountholders on Monday is a bullion trader.
The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and customs authorities have already alerted the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) on official remittance channels being used for illegitimate transfers.
Besides over-invoicing of imports, scrupulous traders also use multiple invoicing for siphoning off money from the country. In a recent case cracked by Mumbai customs authorities, it was found that funds were remitted overseas from banks on the basis of multiple bills of entry — the document that gives details of the actual shipment for importing a consignment of diamonds.
Operators involved managed to transfer illegitimate funds with a legitimate import transaction as a front before being nabbed by customs authorities. A customs official said it was not a case in isolation. "This is a new kind of hawala modus operandi where official channels have been used to transfer funds," he said.
With transfer of currency in physical form becoming difficult and premium charged by unofficial channels having gone up to as much as 5%, dodgy elements are resorting innovative means to park black money overseas, the official said.
In 2013-14 while overall imports fell, import of unworked diamonds rose to $22.1 billion from $21.6 billion in the year before.
Global Financial Integrity had earlier said that India was among the top ten nations in terms of illicit outflows with $123 billion in outflows in the ten years to 2010. Part of the problem lies in the fact that banking and customs data management systems do not talk to each other, making it easy for fraudulent operators to use diamond trade as a front.
The bill of entry does not specifically mention any authorised dealer's code or name that would restrict fund transfer service to just one authorised dealer (AD) like it's done in the case of exports. In the recent Mumbai case, money was remitted from five banks. Banks' IT systems could not verify if import had been carried out before remitting funds overseas.
"There should be no problem in introducing a column (for AD) in bill of entry if it can prevent such incidents," said Ajay Sahai, director general and CEO of Federation of Indian Export Organisations. In some cases cracked by customs, same set of diamonds were being brought in and sent out, and funds freely transferred. "Valuation of diamonds is a huge issue...There can be vast differences of opinion over valuation," said the customs official quoted earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Platinum gaining more favours among young Indian customersYou are here: Home > Collections
Platinum jewellery is gaining more favours among young Indian customers, say retailers
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Oct 28, 2014, 04.10AM IST
(Survey by Platinum Guild…)
KOLKATA: Platinum's customer profile in India is getting younger. A recent survey shows that 85% of the metal's consumers in the country are in the age group of 15 to 30 years. The corresponding age group a few years ago was 25-40 years.
The survey by Platinum Guild International (PGI) shows that the common occasions for receiving platinum jewellery are 18th birthday, completion of school education, college graduation and first job.
Vaishali Banerjee, country manager India, PGI, said, "Today, young India wants platinum as it is considered a metal that speaks the modern language with its contemporary design form enabling an emotion of pride to the wearer; is established as a symbol of the deepest relationships and is exclusive, unique and expensive,which denotes status."
Platinum demand this year is expected to grow by 20-25%, retailers say.
Retailers say their younger clients are educated, net savvy and aware of international trends. They seek options in jewellery metals and designs and are willing to experiment with new styles. Kalpanik Choksi, director of Ahmedabad-based Ishwarlal Harjivandas Jewellers, backed the survey's find that there has been a shift in consumer profile. "The young crowd likes the natural colour of platinum. They largely belong to the upper middle and affluent sections of society. In the current fiscal, we are expecting platinum demand to go up by 18-20%. On Dhanteras, there was good sales of platinum jewellery."
As per the survey, platinum is also gaining popularity among married women in the age group of 25-35 years.
The survey points out that young married women, who have acquired heavy jewellery at their wedding, tend to look for delicate designs for social occasions like kitty parties, office parties and get-togethers.
Vijay Jain, CEO, Orra, said women who had chosen platinum love bands for their engagement are now asking for platinum bridal jewellery.
"Since April this year, platinum has witnessed more than 20% increase in demand at our 35 stores spread over 25 cities. What is more interesting is that the younger generation from tier II cities are developing a taste for platinum jewellery," he said.
Added Choksi that a new line of bridal jewellery will be launched in first week of November in association with PGI, keeping in mind the upcoming wedding season that starts in November and continues till March. The bridal line of jewellery is being introduced to address the change in market dynamics that has emerged from the findings of the survey.
Among women in the 35-40 years age group, platinum jewellery is now seen as a mark of economic stability for the present and future.
In Kolkata, jewellery among this age group is acquired and acknowledged as a highly desired asset, with a twofold benefit of safeguarding the future of children and self, whereas in Delhi, it satisfies the need of attention and approval while one focuses on exhibiting status and confidence, the survey added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 feature phoneMicrosoft launches Nokia 130 feature phone
3/6
The 85,000 square feet space is divided into various themes, like super models and fashion mag...
 
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
New York's biggest subway hub opened Sunday in lower Manhattan _ a vital link between the new ...
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Spotted: Saif  Ileana  Kalki and Govinda have funCelebrity
Saif's family at a special screening of 'Happy Ending'
The entire cast was present at the screening Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D’Cruz and Kalki Koechlin. Also to support Saif, wife Kareena Kapoor Khan,son Ibrahim, sister Soha Ali Khan and her fiancé Kunal Khemu came along together to enjoy the movie.
Kareena Kapoor Khan came along with Saif Ali Khan. She is doing a cameo in the movie and she was very excited for the movie. She loved the role Saif Ali Khan is playing she revealed in her recent ... more 
Kareena Kapoor Khan came along with Saif Ali Khan. She is doing a cameo in the movie and she was very excited for the movie. She loved the role Saif Ali Khan is playing she revealed in her recent interviews. less 
1 / 30

Head in the clouds at TriundBigg Boss 8
On the trail to Triund
The trail to Triund is one of the old routes followed by the Gaddi shepherds of Chamba and Kangra valleys. Two trails lead to Triund from McLeod Ganj: one via Bhagsu, which is a bit roundabout, and the other one through Dharamkot, which is 2 km uphill from McLeod Ganj. From Dharamkot, you can choose either a motorable road or an amazing walk through an alpine forest-covered short cut to reach Gulu Devi temple in upper Dharamkot.
The breath-taking trail to Triund starts here. After the first moderate half of the trek, you will come across two two small but fully loaded shops to reenergize yourself. Snacks, Maggi noodles, energy drinks, cold drinks and tea — everything is available. But the bigger attraction here is the serene view of the valley below. Hence the names: Magic View Café and Best View Café. They do absolute honour to their names. The peace, the calmness and the purity seem so special; it’s not only rare, it’s out-of-this-world. There is nothing more revitalising than a hot bowl of Maggi and a hot sip of strong tea as clouds float around you to carry away your grogginess. A relaxing break here is helpful before you walk the much steeper and more tiring second half of the trail.
By SOUMITRA MITRA/ Flickr
Read the full blog post: Head in the clouds at Triund
The journey begins
Yahoo Lifestyle | Photo by Soumitra Mitra / Flickr
Tue 28 Oct, 2014 1:30 PM IST

NRI investors drag ICICI to court in MauritiusNRI investors drag ICICI to court in Mauritius
Our Bureau
Claim $ 103 million in damages
Mumbai, Oct 28:  
A group of 69 NRI investors has dragged ICICI and its associated companies to Court in Mauritius seeking recourse for the huge losses they have allegedly incurred on investments made in Dynamic India Fund III (DIF III), promoted by ICICI Ventures and ICICI Bank.
The petitioners are claiming a total of $103 million from the five entities involved. The case is being heard by the Mauritius Supreme Court.
According to them, DIF III invested in real estate projects that flopped, instead of world class ones as the marketing teams promised.
“A plaint with summons was lodged before the Supreme Court of Mauritius by a group of NRI and foreign investors against (DIF III), International Financial Services Ltd (IFS), ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Ltd (ICICI Venture), ICICI Bank and the Western India Trustee And Executor Co Ltd,” said Banymandhub Boolell Chambers, the legal firm handling the case.
Gulab Patil, an NRI from Pune now based in Dubai, said that the two Mauritius-based parties had been issued with summons in July while the three in India received the summons last week.
In 2005, nearly 500 NRIs across the globe had invested in the fund, which had a corpus of $220 million, he said, adding that the 69 NRIs suing the company had invested $34.7 million. In their petition, the investors have said that ICICI invested in 13 projects in India, with nearly 60 per cent of the corpus in three properties in Hyderabad and two in Mumbai. This despite the original promise that investments would be spread across various cities. All but one stood incomplete as stated in their Report of March, 2014, nine years after the investments were made, they said.
Work on a township project in Chennai, in which the Fund invested, has not even commenced due to serious infrastructure problems. Two or three projects are facing severe financial liquidity problems. Only one project in Pune has been completed after eight years and that too has considerably under-performed from the projected growth, the investors said.
“Thus, it is a case of total neglect of due diligence, …outrageous underestimation of cost and completion, alleged negligence and overt manipulation of finances for escalating costs and serious blunders in judgment of selection of projects,” the petitioners said in a statement.
Our Mumbai Bureau adds: Commenting on the case, an ICICI Venture spokesperson said in a statement: “The allegations levelled by a set of investors, constituting only 12 per cent of the investors in the concerned funds, are totally baseless, not supported by facts and malicious.’’
The spokesperson added that ICICI Venture manages assets of over $2.5 billion and has delivered returns to its investors across various PE funds.
“Further, it is common knowledge that globally, PE as an asset class does not guarantee returns given the equity risks involved. Also, projects in real estate have a long gestation period and hence the returns accrue over a period of time,” the statement added.
As for the legal proceedings, ICICI Venture has said it would take necessary steps based on legal advice.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Ali s alleged inappropriate behaviour in the houseCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

India slips further in gender gap indexIndia slips further in gender gap index
Our Bureau
Low economic participation, poor education cited as the key causes
New Delhi, October 28:  
Good news on the gender front continues to elude India with the country slipping further down from 101st rank last year to 114th out of 142 countries in the Gender Gap Index 2014, says a report by the World Economic Forum.
“This is mainly down to deterioration in economic participation and opportunity, as well as educational attainment,” says the report.
In economic terms, India ranks 134th overall, with low scores in terms of labour force participation, wage equality and estimated earned income. Equality in terms of health and survival, too, remains a problem, where it ranks 141 out of 142 only behind Armenia. As regards, the sex ratio, India is at a poor 134th position.
Consolation
The only silver lining is the country remains a role model in terms of political empowerment, in which it ranks 15th India has 111 women in Parliament, with 107 women in Ministerial positions.
This is the ninth year of the index, introduced by WEF in 2006. WEF said that in nine years, the world has seen only a small improvement in equality for women in the workplace, with the gender gap for economic participation and opportunity at 60 per cent worldwide having closed by only 4 per cent from 56 per cent in 2006.
“…It will take 81 years for the world to close this gap completely,” said the WEF report.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Mauritius investments get a tax breatherMauritius investments get a tax breather
K. R. Srivats
AAR upholds sanctity of tax residency certificate; allows treaty benefits
New Delhi, July 24:  
Mauritius-based companies that have invested in India have a cause for cheer — a valid Tax Residency Certificate can get them exemption from paying capital gains tax on exiting Indian investments. The Authority for Advance Ruling (AAR) has upheld the validity of the TRC.
There has been lot of apprehension if the TRC was adequate to get the benefits under the India-Mauritius treaty. TRC is a certificate of residency of the investor. Having such a certificate establishes proof that the company concerned is resident of Mauritius.
The uncertainty arose because in some recent decisions, the AAR had disregarded the legal form of the transactions after applying the principles of anti-avoidance. Consequently, capital gains tax exemption under the India-Mauritius treaty was denied to the companies.
Now, in a significant ruling, the AAR has allowed Mauritius-based Dynamic India Fund (DIF)–I to get the benefits of the treaty as it had a valid TRC from the Mauritius revenue authority.
DIF-I, a company incorporated in Mauritius, had approached the AAR to seek an advance ruling on the taxability of capital gains arising out of the sale of shares of Indian companies.
Relying on the valid TRC and following the Supreme Court decision in the Azadi Bachao Andolan case, the AAR said DIF-I need not pay the capital gains tax on any sale of shares held by it in Indian companies.
While the latest ruling is binding only on the parties to the case, tax experts point out that it could have persuasive effect on other cases as well.
This AAR ruling should provide comfort to investors as it has upheld the sanctity of the TRC, say tax experts.
As an applicant, DIF-I said that it was a resident of Mauritius and held a valid TRC. The shares proposed to be sold were held as investments in its books of accounts and that the gains arising therefrom would be in the nature of capital gains.
It was also submitted that DIF-I did not have a permanent establishment in India. The revenue authorities contended that the structuring of the investment through Mauritius was a way to evade the capital gains tax arising from sale of shares of the Indian company. It also argued that control and management of DIF-I was in India making it a tax resident of India.
The AAR also said in its ruling that General Anti-avoidance rules (GAAR) provisions have no relevance at present.
These provisions could be dealt with by the revenue authorities as and when they come into force, the AAR said.
Mauritius is a main provider of foreign direct investments into India. It is also the preferred jurisdiction for Indian outward investments into Africa.
(This article was published on July 24, 2012)
Related

Telangana to procure power from ChhattisgarhTelangana to procure power from Chhattisgarh
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 28:  
The Telangana Government is seeking to step up efforts to make arrangement for procurement of additional power from various sources, particularly the power surplus State of Chhattisgarh.
The State Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao is likely to interact with his Chhattisgarh counterpart Raman Singh in couple of days on making arrangements for additional power and in setting up of a dedicated line to evacuate power.
Telangana had earlier expressed its plans to procure about 2000 mw from Chhattisgarh and it would make necessary arrangements for evacuation.
Meanwhile, the Government has reduced the two-day power holiday per week on the industrial consumers to one day a week.
The move comes in the backdrop of fall in demand from the agriculture sector following dip in temperatures due to widespread rains and also the kharif season nearing completion.
In the midst of a demand-supply mismatch leading to huge power cuts, this comes in as a good news for the industrial power consumers who are faced with hard times due to inadequate power supply to run their units leading to production loss. The small and medium enterprises are amongst the worst hit.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Govt overhauls process of appointing PSU bank CMDs. Should RBI Guv head selection panelNew Member
0 Follower
CMDs enjy the public money and beurocrats. They r the corrupt ones. Pls check the top 50 npa of evry psu. Independent directors CA should b removed from bank if u want healthy banking system. For global competence u need a good human resource for that one has to overlook the quota system in recruitment wher a person hvng 30% marks gets appointment and a person wid 70% didnt get d chance.
10.27 AM Oct 29th

Want to protect nobody: JaitleyArun Jaitley
New Delhi, October 28:  
The Government has made it clear that it has ‘no difficulty’ in placing the entire list of black money account holders obtained from various countries.
“The Government has absolutely no difficulty in giving it to the Court. The Government has already given to court constituted SIT (Special Investigation Team) on June 27, and the Government shall place the list to the Court also,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told reporters after the Supreme Court asked the Centre to place all the names by Wednesday.
The list will be given in a sealed envelope, but there is no clarity whether the name would be made public or not. Jaitley made it clear that the Government was not willing to protect anyone.
“The Government has no difficulty whatsoever with any agency investigating into this matter because there is nobody the Government wants to protect in this case…the names that have come up must be investigated and punished according to law,” he said.
He said the Government was in favour of action against people having black money abroad. The truth about these names must come out so that penal action can be taken against the people and money lying there be brought back to India, he said.
Earlier, Jaitley had said the Government would make the names public only in accordance with the law as “we are bound by treaties (Double Taxation Treaties).”
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Twitter revenue soars  but usage stallsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Launch of Tata-SIA s Vistara delayed  likely to start flying in JanuaryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Woman consumes acid in MP after hubby didn t allow her to watch Happy New YearA 21-year-old woman consumed acid in Madhya Pradesh’s Shivpuri district after her husband allegedly did not allow her to watch the Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Happy New Year, police said on Tuesday.
The woman's husband allegedly went to watch the movie alone, police added.
The incident took place on Sunday at Khaniyadhana township, about 270 km north of Bhopal.
The woman identified as Neha Sen is battling for her life at a hospital in Gwalior, said Rai Singh, the police officer in-charge of the case.
The film – which features Deepika Padukone as Khan’s love interest – was released on Friday and has already broken the first-day collection record by grossing around about Rs. 45 crore.
The police official, who recorded the woman’s statement, said that Neha’s husband Vishal allegedly cited the heavy Sunday crowd to turn down her request to watch the film.
Upset by the refusal, Neha allegedly consumed a bottle of acid, the official said. Efforts to contact the woman's husband were unsuccessful.
Neha was rushed to the district hospital in a critical condition from where she was referred to Gwalior.
Though no doctor at the Gwalior hospital was available for comments, police said the woman’s internal organs have been damaged by the acid.
Police were yet to register a case.
The official said they were studying relevant sections of law before taking a decision.

Rahul Gandhi directs elimination of bogus members in Congress pollsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Spicejet flight diverted after engine troubleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hyderabad bound Spicejet flight diverted after engine troubleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Drones keep a watch over riot-hit TrilokpuriComments
Drones kept an eye on violence-hit Trilokpuri on Tuesday as hundreds of police personnel marched through the byways of the east Delhi colony where over 70 people were injured in last week’s communal clashes. 
Brickbats are seen at a road in Trilokpuri, a day after communal clashes in the area. (PTI Photo)
The unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) were used for the first time to monitor a communally-sensitive area in the city, though Delhi Police tested them while providing security at Ramlila and Durga Puja venues this month. 
“We could spot the houses which were burnt down during attacks. To ensure that no weapons were hidden under the debris, we scanned the spots with the drones and asked the homeowners to clear these areas,” said Sanjay Baniwal, joint commissioner of police (east).
The technology came as a big help to officials as they did not have to get warrants to search the houses, sources said.
Read: Uneasy calm amid allegations of cover-up
“In a post-riot situation, randomly breaking into houses for inspection can do more harm than good. This surveillance mechanism helped us avoid violent repercussions,” Baniwal added.
The UAVs helped Delhi Police officials locate about 70 bags full of bricks, possibly brought in to cause further damage to shops and vehicles, from the eight blocks of the colony worst affected by the clashes.
Three bags packed with glass bottles, 30 knives and five swords were also spotted by the drones, leading to five people being arrested on Tuesday.
“Though an initial search by a drone had revealed the presence of such weapons, we understood that people had stocked them due to mutual suspicion. Bearing this in mind, we had made several announcements, and people complied as many of them left bricks and stones on the streets which were quickly removed,” Baniwal said.
Delhi Police officials have asked Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) to provide them another drone following Tuesday’s success, sources said.

Wont quit Axis Bank job: Amruta Fadnavis | Meet Devendra Fadnavis: Maha s Mr cleanAmruta Fadnavis
(Amruta said she wouldn’t…)
MUMBAI: The day her husband was named the most powerful man in Maharashtra, Amruta Fadnavis said she would put in a request with her employer for a transfer from Nagpur to Mumbai. The associate vice-president of Axis Bank who heads its premium branch in Nagpur - also wife of Devendra Fadnavis, the state's CMdesignate - says neither she nor her husband would like her to quit the job or take leave of absence.
"I won't leave my job. I have worked hard to get here...I believe every woman should try to be financially independent. I will always keep working because I too want to grow intellectually. It is a strong point of my identity," Amruta told ET over phone from Nagpur airport where she and 5-year-old daughter Divija had arrived to catch a flight to Mumbai on Monday evening.
Amruta said she wouldn't mind even staying back in Nagpur and taking care of Fadnavis' constituency while continuing at her present branch if she doesn't get a transfer to Mumbai. Amruta Ranade , whose parents are doctors in Nagpur, married Fadnavis in 2006. She believes behind Devendra's work ethics is a significant role of the RSS that groomed him since childhood.
"RSS education makes people disciplined and committed to service. That is something youngsters of the country need the most right now," she said. Being the BJP state president in charge of a hectic campaign, Fadnavis in the last few days has spent less time with his family in Nagpur that comprises his mother, wife and daughter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Equity Analyst (Pharma and Real Estate) CIMBDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Sensex regains 27 000-mark on sustained buying  firm global cuesSensex surges 217 points on sustained FII buying, firm global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Investors await outcome of Fed policy meet
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
The Sensex and the Nifty surged nearly 0.8 per cent on continued buying by participants amid good quarterly earnings and a firm trend overseas as investors await the outcome of the US Federal Reserve policy meeting.
Besides, covering-up of short positions by speculators ahead of monthly expiry in the derivatives segment, supported the rally.
World stocks rose on Wednesday, lifted by strong corporate earnings and investor optimism that the US Federal Reserve won’t raise interest rates for some time, even as it is expected to officially wind down its bond-buying stimulus programme.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex surged 217.35 points to end at 27,098.17 and the 50-share NSE index jumped 62.85 points to close at 8,090.45.
Sectoral indices
Barring healthcare and banking, all other BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the green. Among them, realty index gained the most by 2.97 per cent, followed by metal 2.63 per cent, auto 1.79 per cent and IT 1.47 per cent. On the other hand, healthcare index was down 0.29 per cent and banking 0.23 per cent.
Gainers, losers
Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Infosys and SSLT were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were NTPC, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's, Bharti Airtel and SBIN.
Sustained FII buying
Brokers said besides sustained buying by investors on hopes of further reforms and encouraging earnings by some more blue-chip companies, covering-up of short positions by speculators in view of tomorrow’s monthly expiry in the derivatives segment, influenced the trading sentiment.
In addition, a firm trend in global markets following overnight gains in the US, accelerated buying activity on the domestic bourses here, they said.
European shares
Europe’s main indices followed the overnight lead from Wall Street and Asia, although the third-quarter earnings reports out of Europe were not quite as solid as those from the United States.
The dollar was under light selling pressure and major government bond yields were marginally lower, as currency and fixed income markets anticipated a soothing message from the Fed when it ends its two-day policy meeting later in the day.
Around Europe, the UK’s FTSE 100 index was up 0.7 per cent, Germany’s DAX index up 0.7 per cent, and France’s CAC 40 up 0.1 per cent.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 1.1 per cent and Japan’s Nikkei share average climbed 1.5 per cent.
The Fed is widely expected to announce that it will end its two-year-old stimulus programme known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to gather momentum. The Fed started buying bonds as far back as late 2008.
Still, Fed officials have also stressed that they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Snapdeal founder Kunal Bahl eyes Alibaba playbook with $627 mn SoftBank dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global consumer confidence improves  India most bullish: NielsenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NASA s unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Campus roundup: IIM Kozhikode to host second pan-IIM World Management ConferenceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In face-off with China  India beefs up ITBP force by 12 000 menE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centre places list of black money holders before Supreme CourtAll foreign bank accounts will be assessed by March 2015: Attorney General
PTI
Tweet
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi coming out of Supreme Court after handing over two sealed envelopes containing names of the 627 Indians, who are holding accounts in foreign banks, to the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
With the Centre submitting a list of 627 account holders in foreign banks to the Supreme Court in the black money case, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi today said that the deadline for investigation under the Income-Tax Act into these accounts is March 31, 2015.
He said that the court directed that the sealed envelope with the names be given to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and also allowed the Centre to put its “problems regarding treaties with foreign nations” before SIT.
“After that we shall request them to submit the report in the court by November 30,” the AG said.
“There are about 627-628 accounts along with a status report which we have submitted in the Supreme Court today in a sealed cover. Last date for investigation and assessment into all these accounts is March 31, 2015.
“The court after hearing both sides, did not open the cover but directed that the sealed envelope be given to SIT itself. SIT will thereafter see what it has to do and proceed in accordance with law,” Rohatgi said.
Speaking to the media immediately after the hearing, the AG also said that this same list had been submitted to SIT in June earlier this year.
“The apex court has asked SIT to verify the list given by the government and carry on with probe in accordance with law,” he said, adding, “The court has permitted us to place our problems regarding treaties with foreign nations before SIT.’’
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Gold futures up at Rs 27 180 on global cuesGold futures up at Rs 27,180 on global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Gold prices rose Rs 45 or 0.17 per cent to Rs 27,180 per 10 grams at the futures trade today after participants created fresh positions taking cues from overseas market.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December rose Rs 45 or 0.17 per cent to Rs 27,180 per 10 grams with a business turnover of 522 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in far-month February moved up by Rs 43 or 0.16 per cent to Rs 27,399 per 10 grams in a trade volume of 2 lots.
Marketmen said fresh positions built-up by speculators in line with global trend ahead of the outcome of the US Federal Reserve monetary policy meeting, mainly led to a rise in gold futures.
Globally, gold in Singapore traded 0.16 per cent higher at $1,229.80 an ounce in early trade today.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Adani hires Brinckerhoff for Australia projectHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Adani hires Brinckerhoff for Australia project
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Oct 29:  
Indian conglomerate Adani has named the US-based company Parsons Brinckerhoff as its project management contractor for the long-delayed $15-billion Carmichael mine, rail and port project in Australia.
Brinkerhoff, a project management and infrastructure consulting firm, will be Adani’s PMC partner for the Phase 1 contract encompassing Adani’s planned works for the Carmichael mine, North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) and expansion at the port of Abbot Point, the company said in a statement.
The Carmichael mine will supply high quality, cost-efficient coal to India and other Asian markets. The mine had received final environmental approval from Australia in August.
The NGBR, the principal component of the company’s planned 388-km rail link from Carmichael to the port at Abbot Point, will be Queensland’s first standard gauge rail line, helping drive lower costs for Adani and other producers. It had received environmental approval from Australia last month.
The port at Abbot Point, which has operated safely and without incident for the past 30 years, will be expanded to help deliver these vital exports from the Galilee Basin to markets in India and throughout Asia, helping to provide energy security and light the lives of millions of families.
Mine, rail, port project
This integrated mine, rail and port project will provide more than 10,000 jobs in Queensland, supply opportunities for small and medium-sized businesses in the state, and deliver a multi-billion dollar royalty stream that will underpin the delivery of essential services in local communities.
Parsons Brinckerhoff will be responsible for leading an integrated Adani/Parsons Brinckerhoff PMC team, delivering and managing assurance services for the various engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) contracts associated with the integrated project on behalf of Adani Mining.
Adani Mining CEO and Australian Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said the Parsons Brinckerhoff contract reflected the growing confidence leading infrastructure firms have in the progress of the company’s integrated mine, rail and port project, as Adani’s integrated project promptly shifts to the build phase.
“Taken together with Adani’s recently concluded agreement with Posco E&C to deliver EPC management for the NGBR, and the recent finalisation of our environmental approvals, as well as the royalty deal with Linc Energy to help drive yet lower production costs, we are well placed to commence construction in the first quarter of 2015 in line with our guidance of first coal in 2017.”
Brinckerhoff’s current PMC portfolio includes major sites such as Roy Hill and, globally, projects with an aggregate value of $100 billion.
Further partnership announcements are anticipated prior to the end of this calendar year, ahead of construction works on some components of the project commencing in Q1, 2015.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

World Bank urges China to cut growth target ...World Bank urges China to cut economic growth target to 7% in 2015, focus on reforms
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 11.11AM IST
The bank said Wednesday that China needs to overhaul its labor and real estate markets and its state-dominated financial system to achieve stronger growth long-term.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China can cut its economic growth target to 7 per cent next year without hurting its labour market, the World Bank said on Wednesday even as it urged Beijing to get rid of rigid growth objectives.
At its thrice-yearly review of the Chinese economy, the World Bank warned China against carrying its "ambitious" 2014 economic growth target of 7.5 per cent into next year, saying that such a move would detract from the government's reform plans.
After 30 years of breakneck, double-digit economic expansion that lifted millions of Chinese from abject poverty but also polluted the nation's air, land and waterways, China wants to retool its economy to generate slower but better-quality growth.
But the quest to let market forces supplant state planning in running the world's second-biggest economy would require China to live with less frenzied economic growth rates and income rises, a point stressed by the World Bank.
"Our policy message is the focus should be on reforms rather than meeting specific growth targets," Karlis Smits , a senior economist at the World Bank office in Beijing, told reporters at a media briefing.
"In our view, an indicative target of around 7 per cent for 2015 would meet ... the kind of indicative growth that is needed to maintain stability in the labour market," he said.
The bank's message on employment would appeal to its audience in Beijing, where Communist Party leaders who are wary of social unrest have said that having a healthy job market is a top policy priority.
Hurt by softening domestic demand as China's property market sags and investment growth wanes, the Chinese economy has had a rough ride this year, even though the government and the central bank have rolled out a series of support measures to avert an even sharper slowdown.
The economy grew at its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in the September quarter and is expected by analysts to miss China's official growth target for the first time in 15 years.
The World Bank and other analysts expect the economy to expand by 7.4 per cent this year, the slackest in 24 years, and a hair's breadth from the 7.5 per cent target.
And the World Bank made clear that it would not welcome a similar growth target from China next year.
"A prevalent concern is that a policy focused on meeting an ambitious growth target, similar to one set for 2014, would require macroeconomic policies to remain oriented to support domestic demand rather than on reforms," it said in a report.
The World Bank's comments echoed those of the International Monetary Fund, which said in July that Beijing should set a growth target of 6.5-7 per cent for 2015 and refrain from stimulus measures unless the economy threatens to slow sharply from that level.
Beijing is not expected to announce its 2015 target until next March.
Page 1 of 2

Bangladesh tribunal condemns Jamaat chief to deathUpdated: October 30, 2014 02:02 IST
Jamaat chief gets death for war crimes
Haroon Habib
AP Jamaat-e-Islami party chief Motiur Rahman Nizami.
TOPICS
Bangladesh
Motiur Rahman Nizami found responsible for killing of secular intellectuals during 1971 War
A Bangladesh war crimes tribunal on Wednesday handed death penalty to Jamaat-e-Islami chief Motiur Rahman Nizami for crimes, which include the killings of nation’s leading intellectuals during the country’s War of Liberation in 1971.
The 71-year-old, who served as a senior minister during the tenure of the Khaleda Zia–led government, has also been awarded life sentence in other charges of crimes against humanity.
The International Crimes Tribunal-1 (ICT-1), one of the two tribunals, found the Jamaat chief guilty in eight out of 16 charges levelled against him in a historic trial that began nearly four decades after Bangladesh’s emergence as an independent country.
The court said Nizami, purportedly an Islamic scholar, misinterpreted the Koran to encourage his followers to conduct a massive genocide and atrocities. The defence, however, termed the verdict “not based on evidence”, and said it would appeal against the verdict.
However, the long-awaited verdict was hailed by scores of political and social-cultural organisations who termed it “a curse removed” of impunity to all those who perpetrated the worst crimes against humanity in the name of religion and Pakistan.
The operative part of the 204-page judgment was read out by the tribunal’s chairman Justice Enayetur Rahim in the three-member war crimes tribunal amid tightened security.
Second sentence
Jamaat’s ‘ameer’ since November 2000, Nizami has already been given death penalty in the sensational Chittagong arms haul case in January this year as he was the Industries Minister then.
With Wednesday’s verdict, six top Jamaat leaders have been awarded sentences for crimes against humanity.
Criminally responsible
Motiur Rahman Nizami was the President of the then Jamaat student wing Islami Chhatra Sangha (now Islami Chhatra Shibir) that turned into the Pakistan army’s infamous auxiliary force Al Badr in 1971.
The tribunal found the Jamaat chief to be criminally responsible for the execution of leading secular intellectuals and conspiracy to commit war crimes.
One of the charges proved said that Nizami, as the key leader of the Al Badr killing squad, was complicit in the torture, murder, rape and the training given to local Pakistani collaborators who went on to commit crimes against humanity.
Nizami was also found guilty of heading the “Gestapo-like attacks” largely around Dec 14, 1971 to eliminate the top Bengali professionals and intellectuals just two days before Bangladesh won its independence on Dec 16.
With his trademark Jinnah cap, clad in a white kurta and brown vest over it, Nizami sat in the courtroom looking almost blankly in sharp contrast to the powerful minister he used to be.
The ICT-1 framed 16 charges against Nizami in 2012. He was charged with conspiring with the Pakistani army, planning and inciting crimes; involvement in murders, rapes, looting and destruction of property; and commissioning internationally recognised wartime crimes in 1971.
But it took around one-and-a-half years for the completion of the trial.
The Jamaat chief played a key role in forming the four-party alliance ahead of the 2001 election and led his party to taste state power along with their key ally the BNP.
Three-day hartal
Breaking away from its usual trend, the Jamaat-e-Islami has not called for a shutdown on Wednesday, but called three-day countrywide shutdown from Thursday protesting the conviction of their top leader. However, State Minister for Home Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal warned that all necessary action would be taken to contain the situation.
Jamaat’s main political ally, Bangladesh Nationalist Party, remained tight-lipped without making any comment on the verdict.

Black money case: Govt submits names of over 600 foreign bank A/C holders to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

India drops to 142 in Doing Business ranking  among world s worstIndia drops to 142 in Doing Business ranking
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:01 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:20 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
With India ranked 142nd in the new Doing Business report released on Tuesday, foreign investors are likely to need more than just an invitation to come and Make in India.
Just ahead of the troubled Palestinian West Bank and Gaza, India has slipped a couple of positions, and continues to languish among the world’s worst.
Singapore topped the ranking, done every year by the World Bank Group, with New Zealand, South Korea, United States, United Kingdom and Australia finishing in the first 10.
China topped India’s neighbourhood at 90, followed by Sri Lanka at 99, Nepal at 108, Bhutan at 125, Pakistan at 128, Bangladesh at 173 and Afghanistan at 193.
That’s out of a total of 189 economies.
But India did move the needle a bit.
It made starting a business easier by reducing the registration fee considerably, but, the report added, it also made it difficult at the same by demanding a declaration.
Getting a power connection became cheaper in the country’s two largest cities Delhi and Mumbai by slashing the amount required as security deposit.
Bolstering protection of minority investors by bringing in more transparency to the boardroom, and bringing additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies.
In fact, India ranked an impressive 7th worldwide in protections for minority investors. The other parameter on which India did well was on getting credit, coming in 36th.
India has had a testy relationship with Doing Business reports, questioning their credibility and their dismal findings, but also keeping them in the rearview mirror at all times.
Kaushik Basu, former prime minister Manmohan Singh’s chief economic adviser, admitted as much in his foreword for the report, as the bank’s chief economist now.
“I used, criticized, valued and debated the Doing Business report,,” Basu wrote, about his reaction to the report as a consumer. He in now on the manufacturing side.
He did not elaborate on possible impact of the report on decision making in the Indian government, but it is clearly, in his words, “valued” by some including chief economic advisors.
Much remains to be fixed. Getting power connection for a new business, for instance, takes 105 days, more than three times the Singapore average of 31 days.
It takes 47 days to register a property in India compared to 4.5 days in Singapore. And if things soured, resolving insolvency can take 4.3 years in India to 0.8 in the island nation.
Singapore may be an unfair comparison, for reasons of size. But West Bank and Gaza are hardly the kind of benchmarks to inspire a country of out-sized ambition such as India.

Fadnavis elected Maharashtra CM  but can he deliverComments
Can chief minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis transform the state the way former chief ministers Narendra Modi and Nitish Kumar changed Gujarat and Bihar respectively or how Manohar Parrikar is changing Goa?
That is the big question as the new lean BJP government comes to power under Fadnavis on Friday.
If the BJP has to deliver on the aspirations of crores of Maharashtrians, Fadnavis will have to overcome the limitations of not having clear majority in the Assembly to make a substantial impact on the state in the next five years.
And he will have to prioritise on two aspects the BJP had been crying hoarse about in its poll campaign — development and a corruptionfree government.
“Coalition politics diluted the CM’s power. That needs to be reinstitutionalised for any real progress. Strong support must be given to the bureaucracy by getting the best people to man key departments," said B Venkatesh Kumar, political analyst.
And, therein perhaps lies the challenge for Fadnavis. If the young CM-elect has to do a Modi, he will have to dominate over his senior colleagues in the government like Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde besides tackling an unhappy Sena if it joins the government.
If the Sena does not join the government, Fadnavis will have to keep the NCP happy even as he takes corruption head on. On the face of it, these are mutually exclusive goals.
“Sitting in the opposition and running a government are two different things. It remains to be seen how Fadnavis overcomes these limitations. Can he take dynamic and speedy decisions to spur infrastructure if he is constantly worried about his government’s clean image. Can he get the bureaucracy out of its lethargy and wariness post the Adarsh and irrigation scam?" a senior bureaucrat said.
Experts feel even if Fadnavis delivers on a few key priorities, he will make a big change. “The top priorities should be infrastructure and improving governance.
The city’s makeover should be back on the agenda with certain key projects such as the transharbour link getting immediate priority.
Transformational legislations such as the Right to Services [also introduced as a bill by Fadnavis earlier], which promises timely delivery of citizen services whether it is registration of property or a licence, should be carried out,’’ said Sanjay Ubale, a former bureaucrat and CEO at Tata Infrastructure, who headed the Mumbai makeover in 2003, before leaving the IAS service.
 

Vietnam PM-Modi meet helps India  Vietnam bridge gapprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Vietnamese counterpart, Nguyen Tan Dung, at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi. (Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
The strategic gap that kept India and Vietnam apart in the past may have at least been bridged with the present Vietnamese prime minister's visit.
The two have a bond going back to India's support for Vietnam in its successive wars with France, the US and China. Both have territorial disputes with China and want to use third countries to counterbalance Beijing's preponderance. But geography has been an issue: India cannot project its naval power into the South China Sea and Vietnam is too far to help New Delhi in its border issues with Beijing.
The 2007 strategic partnership struggled to get substance. The two countries have flirted, but have seen other countries as more useful for keeping the dragon at bay.
Countries often pose tests to each other, asking the other side to show the depth of their strategic love. Until recently, India and Vietnam were failing each other's tests.
India had seen a planned $5 billion Tata Steel plant in Vietnam as a test given evidence that Beijing, using a front company, was the obstacle. When the plant foundered, industry sources say, Hanoi stepped in and Tata Power wound up with a $3.8 billion thermal power project in "record time."
Vietnam, in turn, begged for the Brahmos cruise missile as it desperately needed a ship-killer to counter China's naval superiority. Until last year, the other Brahmos partner Russia had declined to allow the sale. After Moscow gave the green signal, it was up to India.
Read: India to strengthen defence cooperation with Vietnam
New Delhi, say official sources, have now told the Vietnamese that they would be provided "anything they wanted militarily" - Brahmos included. However, India was in the process of negotiating its entry into the Missile Control Technology Regime, a global technology denial regime for 300-km plus range missiles that had so far kept India out. Once it got into the MTCR, India would have access to top-end missile and rocket technology and greater ability to export the same. Message to Hanoi: the missile is yours once we're in. A civil nuclear agreement could follow when India joins another technology denial regime, the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Jay Ranade, head of the Centre for China Analysis and Strategy, says that "At the very least, India should begin negotiations with Vietnam. This would in any case take some time and would allow us to, one, monitor developments on the Chinese front and, two, send a message to Beijing."
India also wants to diversify its investment portfolio in Vietnam. New Delhi is concerned that it will be unable to join the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement presently being negotiated and wants to use Vietnam, a likely member, to serve as a gateway into the TPP market later on. The two sides also had informal talks about a possible trilateral with Japan, another strategic hedge that both sides are considering.
China will be unhappy, say sources, but as the recent Chinese nuclear submarine docking in Sri Lanka showed, India's sense is that it will need a Vietnam to give a similar naval poke to China as and when needed.

Centre submits 627 black money account holders names to SCEYE BROWSE
Centre submits names of 627 black money account holders to SC
The central government submitted the list a day after the Supreme Court slammed it for not revealing all the names of black money account holders.
Yahoo India –  Wed 29 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: A day after the Supreme Court slammed the government for not revealing all the names of black money account holders, the Centre on Wednesday submitted details of 627 Indians holding illegal bank accounts abroad in a sealed envelope to the court, India Today reports.
The Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi submitted three sets of lists containing the names of black money account holders.
The first list, according to the report, contains the details of treaties and agreements India signed with Switzerland and other nations where the black money is supposed to be stashed.
The second list has the names of the black money account holders.
The third list contains the status report on the probe into the case.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday had asked the Union Government to release all the names of the people who have stashed their black money in accounts abroad. This order came after the latter had released the names of three account holders on Monday.
On Monday, the government in an affidavit to the Supreme Court had named three people who had accounts in Swiss banks with black money - Pradip Burman, former executive chairman of Dabur; Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhiya, a Rajkot-based bullion trader and Radha S. Timblo, a Goa-based miner and owner of Timblo Pvt Ltd.
The government is building pressure particularly on Switzerland, seeking details of Indians who have parked unaccounted for money in the Alpine country's highly secretive banks. It has quickly implemented a Supreme Court directive to set up a high-powered special investigation team, headed by retired judge MB Shah, to look into the issue.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had parked USD 462 billion in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Balotelli inspires Liverpool  Chelsea tame ShrewsBalotelli inspires Liverpool, Chelsea tame Shrews
By By Toby Davis | Reuters –  Wed 29 Oct, 2014
Chelsea's Didier Drogba (4th L) celebrates his goal against Shrewsbury Town with …
By Toby Davis
LONDON (Reuters) - Mario Balotelli enjoyed a rare moment of ecstasy in a Liverpool shirt by inspiring a 2-1 win over Swansea City in the League Cup on Tuesday while Chelsea had to call for reinforcements to see off Shrewsbury Town.
On a night when Premier League West Bromwich Albion were dumped out by second tier Bournemouth, both Liverpool and Chelsea flirted with danger before reaching the quarter-finals.
Liverpool fans have seen precious little in Balotelli's performances this season to convince them he could ride to the rescue when the chips were down but he came off the bench to turn the clash with Swansea on its head.
Entering the fray on 79 minutes, the Italian took seven minutes to level the scores as he stole in front of his marker to prod home a cross from compatriot Fabio Borini after Marvin Emnes had put Swansea ahead midway through the second half with a superb volley.
A sustained roar erupted around Anfield as Balotelli's effort found the net, as much in celebration of the goal as it was grounded in relief that the misfiring striker had finally found his range at a crucial time.
It was the start of a dramatic finale that saw Swansea's Federico Fernandez sent off for a late tackle and Dejan Lovren head home the winner after four minutes of stoppage time, to leave eight-times winners Liverpool well-placed to launch another assault on a trophy they last won in 2012.
Premier League leaders Chelsea will also fancy their chances of getting their hands on a cup they have won four times but they needed a wake-up call before ousting fourth tier Shrewsbury 2-1.
"I wasn't expecting anything but a difficult match. I was ready for extra-time," Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho told Sky Sports television, and he was not wrong.
Didier Drogba gave them the lead, with his third goal in three games, but the match seemed headed for extra-time when Shrewsbury's Andy Mangan swivelled to fire past keeper Petr Cech with 13 minutes to play.
SUPERB CROSS
Nemanja Matic and Willian were promptly summoned from the bench to help quell the uprising, the latter's superb cross causing panic in the defensive ranks and Jermaine Grandison turning the ball into his own net.
"I don't say relieved with the result. I am happy with my players' approach. You're playing a World Cup final because that is what it is for Shrewsbury," Mourinho added.
West Brom probably thought they had done enough to force extra-time when a Tommy Elphick own goal with five minutes to go at Bournemouth levelled the scores at 1-1.
But it was the hosts who progressed thanks to Callum Wilson's late strike, capping a superb few days for the south coast club after they thrashed Birmingham City 8-0 in the Championship at the weekend.
Bournemouth almost went bust in 2008 and only avoided relegation from the Football League on the last day of the following season having been docked 17 points for going into administration.
Elsewhere on Tuesday, Derby County came from 2-0 down to beat Championship rivals Fulham 5-2 and Sheffield United downed Milton Keynes Dons 2-1 in an all-League One encounter.
On Wednesday, holders Manchester City face Newcastle United while Tottenham Hotspur take on Brighton and Hove Albion and Stoke City host Southampton.
(Editing by Tony Jimenez)

No of buying offer in both the exchanges is increasing..........Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Buy coal india target 362 to 364 intradayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jubilant food have open 150 stores till this months inculding dominos ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Check indiantelevision website ..... huge loss ... check cnbc w...From: Shubham Jain (CREDIT SUISSE SECURI) [mailto:sjain194@bloomberg.net]
Sent: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 1:57 PM
Subject: ** Big Development for DTH Industry in India...
* Following its protracted ongoing disputes with major MSOs over payment terms,
Star India has now decided to move to uniform Reference Interconnect Offer
(RIO) pricing with all MSOs rather than bilateral (negotiated) agreements
* If the MSOs are able to increase pricing, it will be positive for the entire
industry as both broadcasters and MSOs will share the extra revenues and it
will give headroom for the DTH industry to also increase pricing without
significant increase in content costs.
* If the MSOs are not able to increase prices, they will be forced to move
certain channels to à la carte which will ultimately reduce advertising
revenues for broadcasters. However, with a smaller channel offering the MSOs
might lose some consumers to DTH; thus, the DTH industry should be the
biggest beneficiary of this

Dayanidhi Maran summoned in Aircel-Maxis deal caseFile photo of Dayanidhi Maran (right) and Kalanidhi Maran. The two brothers and six others have been summoned as accused by the special 2G court hearing the Aircel-Maxis deal case.
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi and six others, including Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, were today summoned as accused by a special 2G court in connection with the Aircel-Maxis deal case.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini took cognisance of the CBI’s charge sheet filed against eight accused, including four companies, and summoned them on March 2, 2015.
“I have carefully gone through the copy of the FIR, charge sheet, statement of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case. On the perusal of the record, I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on record to proceed against the accused. Accordingly, I take cognisance of the case,” the Special Judge said.
Besides the Maran brothers, CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms — Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd — as accused.
The CBI has chargesheeted them for offences punishable under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court in its two-page order allowed the contention of senior public prosecutor K K Goel that at least four months time may be granted for effecting service of summonses on the accused as five of the eight are residing in different countries such as Malaysia, Mauritius and the UK, while the remaining three are based in Chennai.
“Accordingly, issue summons to the accused persons for March 2, 2015. In view of the nature of the case, the prosecution is directed to take up the service of process on the accused person in right earnest and to endeavour to ensure that the court process qua each accused is returned to the court at least a week before the date fixed,” the court said.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Asian shares soar to 1-month high on earnings  Fed optimismAsian shares soar to 1-month high on earnings, Fed optimism
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Oct 29:  
Asian shares climbed to one-month highs on Wednesday, steered by a robust Wall Street on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects that the US Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait for an extended period before raising interest rates.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 1.1 per cent, led by a 1.8 per cent rise in South Korean shares. Japan’s Nikkei share average also posted a sizeable 1.5 per cent increase.
European shares are expected to follow suit, with spreadbetters looking to gains of up to 0.4 per cent in Germany’s DAX and Britain’s FTSE.
US stocks rose more than 1 per cent on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 coming less than two per cent below its record peak set last month.
Quantitative easing
The Fed is widely expected to announce on Wednesday that it will end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus, known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to gather momentum.
Still Fed officials have also stressed that they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising the interest rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
“There are some views that the tapering process could be delayed to run through the rest of this year, but it is more likely that the Fed will maintain its current stance of exercising prudence in consideration of any rate hike,’’ said Lim Dong-rak, an analyst at Hanyang Securities.
US earnings data
Upbeat US earnings so far have also eased worries that corporate profits might be squeezed by sluggish global growth.
With 245 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings so far for the third quarter, 73.5 per cent have beat analyst expectations, according to Thomson Reuters. Over the past four quarters, 67 per cent of companies have beat estimates.
Still, Facebook Inc shocked investors after the market close on Tuesday, warning of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, falling 8.2 per cent in after hours trading.
US economic data
US economic data published on Tuesday was mixed. But a rise in consumer confidence to a seven-year high gave stock bulls enough reason to maintain their optimism on the economic recovery.
Separate data showed new orders for capital goods by US businesses fell the most in eight months in September.
Dollar vs other currencies
The data dented the US dollar against a broad range of currencies.
The euro rose to a one-week high of $1.2765 on Tuesday and last stood at $1.2738 in Asian trade. The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level in more than two weeks against the US dollar of C$1.1165.
The dollar held firmer against the yen, however, as the Japanese currency was held back by speculation that the Bank of Japan will revise down its economic growth forecast in its economic report on Friday.
The dollar traded at 108.18 yen, not far from a two-week high of 108.36 yen hit last week. It had a muted reaction to data showing Japanese industrial output rose 2.7 per cent in September, slightly above market expectations.
Swedish crown stabilises
Meanwhile, the Swedish crown managed to stabilise after sliding to four-year lows on Tuesday, knocked by a surprisingly dovish message from Sweden’s central bank.
The Riksbank cut the interest rates more than expected to zero and said it would delay tightening policy until the middle of 2016 as it moved decisively to tackle the risk of deflation.
Overnight, one of the factors that may hold back risk sentiment is news that the US Department of Homeland Security was increasing security at government buildings in Washington and other cities because of continuing terror attack threats.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Serum Institute to set up new manufacturing facility in PuneHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Serum Institute to set up new manufacturing facility in Pune
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Vaccines major Serum Institute of India will invest around Rs 1,000 crore in the next three years to set up a new manufacturing facility in Pune.
“We will be investing around Rs 1,000 crore in Pune to set up a vaccine manufacturing plant,” Serum Institute of India CEO and Executive Director Adar C Poonawalla told PTI.
The company will be making vaccines for pneumonia, rotavirus, dengue and many other diseases in the plant, he added.
Serum Institute of India is the world’s fifth largest vaccine manufacturer by volume with an installed capacity of over 1 billion doses of different vaccines annually. It currently has two manufacturing plants in Pune and the Netherlands.
When asked how the company plans to fund the expansion, Poonawala said: “It will be through internal accruals. We don’t believe in taking much debt to fund growth and expansion. That is why our focus is on organic growth and small acquisitions.”
Apart from expanding in Pune, he said the company will also be looking to boost manufacturing in the Nertherlands.
“In addition, we are also expanding our Netherlands facility. The investment for the acquisition and expansion of the Bilthoven Biologicals cumulatively over last two years will be around 200 million Euros,” Poonawalla said.
This acquisition took place in 2012 and it will play a major role in eradication of polio globally. The takeover also provides an important manufacturing base in Europe, with access to strategic European markets, he added.
The takeover ensures access to technology and expertise for making the IPV (Injectable Polio Vaccine), earlier possessed by only three other vaccine manufacturers, Poonawalla said.
Serum Institute claims that one out of every two children immunised worldwide gets at least one vaccine produced by it.
On being asked if Poonawalla Group is looking at selling their stake in Orchid Chemicals, he said: “We are wanting to sell the stake if we get a right price for our stake.”
Founded in 1966, Serum Institute of India is a leading producer of diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, BCG, r-hepatitis B, measles, mumps and rubella vaccines. The company is also one of the largest suppliers of vaccines to over 140 countries.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Air India  Air Astana sign code-share pactE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lupin Q2 net jumps 54% as US  India sales riseLupin Q2 net profit jumps 54 per cent as US, India sales rise
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 14:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Generic drugmaker Lupin has reported a 54 per cent jump in second-quarter profit beating analysts estimates, helped by robust sales in its domestic business and the United States, its largest market.
Lupin, India's second-largest drugmaker by market value, posted a net profit of Rs 6.3 billion ($102.7 million) for the quarter ended September 30, compared with Rs 4.06 billion a year earlier.
Analysts on average were expecting a profit of Rs 5.85 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Lupin is trying to expand its business in the United States, and it had said that it was actively scouting for acquisitions.
Sources told Reuters earlier this month that Lupin was among a bunch of companies preparing to bid for a range of older drugs being auctioned by British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline. Lupin has previously declined to comment on specific targets.
Shares of the drugmaker were down 1 per cent in afternoon trade on Tuesday while the Nifty was up 0.22 per cent.
(Reuters)

Airbus  Tata Sons bid for IAF aircraft dealAirbus, Tata Sons place $2-bn bid for Indian Air Force aircraft deal
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 19:58 IST
Picture for representational purpose.
Tata Sons and Europe's Airbus have bid for a multi-billion dollar contract to replace the Indian Air Force's ageing fleet of Avro cargo planes, as New Delhi looks to boost the role of the local private sector in modernising its armed forces.
Under the bid, estimated by analysts to be worth at least $2 billion, Airbus' Defence and Space unit and Tata's Advanced Systems would replace the 56 Avro jets with Airbus' C295 transport planes, the European manufacturer said on Tuesday.
Airbus would supply the first 16 planes in "fly away" condition from its own assembly line, while the subsequent 40 would be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems in India.
They would be the first military planes built by an Indian private company on Indian soil, with current manufacturing dominated by state-run Hindustan Aeronautics.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's new government, which has raised the foreign investment limit in defence since coming to power in May, is moving to clear a backlog of military equipment orders and close the gap on strategic rival China.
It has said it will prioritise companies which have pledged to manufacture within India.
Companies such as Tata, Larsen & Toubro and Mahindra Group are spending billions of dollars to build arms, as they look to win a chunk of the $250 billion that analysts estimate India will spend on defence kit over the next decade.
The government first issued a tender for a foreign supplier and Indian private firm to replace the Avro jets in May 2012, but a lack of interest from potential bidders and ministerial infighting led to a series of delays.
India is trying to replace much of its outdated fleet of military planes. The biggest contract is a $15 billion deal with France's Dassault Aviation to buy 126 Rafale fighter jets, which is still to be finalised.
(Reuters)

Rupee slips 2 paise against dollar in dull tradeRupee slips 2 paise against dollar in dull trade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 20:24 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Tuesday slipped further by two paise to close at 61.32 against the US dollar due to some demand for the American unit in a lacklustre trade.
There was some dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, as brent crude for December delivery was trading low near $85 in morning deals, traders said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced slightly lower at 61.33 and touched a low of 61.41 in mid-session due to profit-booking in local equities.
However, later it bounced back to a high of 61.2950 before concluding at 61.32 on fag-end rise on local bourses and stray dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, exhibiting a fall of 2 paise or 0.03 pct.
On Monday, it was down by 3 paise or 0.05 per cent.
"Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80," Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark index Sensex on Tuesday recovered by 128 points while FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $10.61 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.04 per cent against a basket of six major currencies ahead of outcome of US Fed's monetary policy review on Wednesday.

P&G tops Nestle  ITC to take number 3 spotconsumer-products maker
(The company spokesperson…)
MUMBAI: Procter & Gamble, one of the top two FMCG firms in the world, has topped Nestle and ITC to become India's third-largest consumer products maker after nearly doubling its sales in the country in the last three years. P&G's three entities in the country, selling a wide variety of products ranging from detergents and shampoo to razors to sanitary napkins, posted combined revenues of Rs 9,274 crore for the year ended March 2014, slightly ahead of Nestle India's Rs 9,197 crore and the FMCG business of ITC that had sales of Rs 8,099 crore.
"In fiscal 2014, we generated robust sales growth across all entities through a strong innovation programmes across product categories and pricing for added consumer benefits," a P&G spokesperson said. Market leader Hindustan Unilever (HUL) is, however, three times P&G's size in India and competes with it in most household and personal care categories. Number two, Amul, is twice as big with over Rs 18,000 crore in sales but doesn't compete with the US consumer giant in any segment.
The company spokesperson said India, one of the fastest growing markets globally for P&G, remains a priority for the Ohio-headquartered giant. Earlier this year, Procter & Gamble merged India, the Middle East and Africa into one IMEA region as part of a significant reorganisation to remove management layers and improve the execution of strategy.
P&G still has a long way to challenge Unilever in India where it trails its smaller global rival in every category in which they compete. "While P&G has significantly narrowed the gap with competition last decade, HUL has made a comeback in the last three years by grabbing back lost market share," said Abneesh Roy, associate director at Edelweiss Securities.
"It's a tough task for P&G now as HUL is getting more competitive as is evident from their marketing campaigns, product innovation as well as reach," he said.Roy said P&G's latest launch in India, Oral B toothpaste, has met with limited success despite years of planning.
P&G has three subsidiaries in the country — Procter & Gamble Health & Hygiene, which markets feminine hygiene brand Whisper and Vicks anti-cold balm; Gillette India, maker of razors and other shaving products; and Procter & Gamble Home Products, best known as the maker of Ariel and Tide detergents. P&G has been clocking compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of about 25% in the country since the last decade.
In the past two years, it has invested over Rs 2,000 crore in the country. Big investments have taken a toll on its local profitability though. The unlisted P&G Home Products posted a loss of Rs 100 core for FY14, down from a loss of Rs 481.5 crore in FY13. The company is unperturbed.
"We continued to drive profitability in a competitive market environment with strong sales growth and productivity driven cost savings," the P&G spokesperson said. "In addition, our focus on end to end efficiencies resulted in positive cash flows from operations." P&G completed setting up a new multi-product plant in Hyderabad last month, as part of a strategy to ramp up local production and distribution to match up HUL in terms of product prices and reach.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook warns of increased spending in 2015Facebook warns of increased spending in 2015
Alexei Oreskovic     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 10:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Facebook warned on Tuesday of a dramatic increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter, slicing a tenth off its market value.
The hefty spending plans exposed the first signs of stress in the rock-solid support that investors have accorded the social networking company over the past year.
With Facebook's mobile advertising business delivering repeated quarters of breakneck revenue growth, the company has faced little pushback from investors on pricey, multi-billion dollar acquisitions such as WhatsApp and Oculus. Shares of Facebook reached an all-time high of $81.16 on Tuesday, before the company reported its third-quarter results.
Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner told analysts on a conference call that the social network is preparing for a 55 per cent to 75 per cent spike in expenses next year, when the world's largest social network intends to invest in Whatsapp, Oculus and other products that have yet to show a profit.
That's a big change from the company's current spending patterns, with costs and expenses in the first nine months of 2013 up a relatively modest 32 per cent. Facebook declined to provide any estimates for its expected pace of revenue growth in 2015, adding to investor worries.
"Giving expense guidance without giving revenue guidance is frustrating and spooking The Street," said BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield.
"The multi-billion dollar question is what's revenue growth going to look like next year," he said.
Wehner forecast revenue growth of 40 per cent to 47 per cent in the final quarter of 2014. That's down sharply from 59 per cent in the third quarter.
The financial forecasts came on the same day as Facebook revealed hundreds of millions of dollars in losses from WhatsApp.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has told Wall Street he is in no hurry to extract a payoff from the collection of acquired products, stressing the importance of growing the number of users first.
"For us products don't get that interesting until they have about a billion people using them," Zuckerberg said.
Shares of Facebook, up roughly 47 per cent this year, slid nearly 9 per cent to $73.80 in extended trading on Tuesday.
MOBILE SURGE
Facebook reported a better-than-expected 59 per cent jump in third-quarter revenue and a solid gain in its user base that's already the world's largest social media community. The company is considered a pioneer in mobile advertising, outshining rivals like Twitter, which are struggling to sustain user engagement and growth.
Google, the world's No 1 Internet search engine, has seen its advertising rates stuck in a multi-year decline as it adapts its lucrative advertising business for the smartphones that consumers increasingly favor.
Mobile ads represented two-thirds of Facebook's advertising revenue in the third quarter, and the company said that the average price of its ads more than tripled year-on-year.
"They continue to show that there is a lot of demand for their product, both in terms of users wanting to spend time there and advertisers wanting to spend money," said Ben Schachter an analyst with Macquarie Research.
Facebook's total number of monthly users reached 1.35 billion in the third quarter, with 64 per cent of its users accessing the service every day.
Facebook said revenue in the three months ended September 30 totaled $3.2 billion, up 59 per cent from $2.02 billion in the year-ago period. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S were looking for revenue of $3.12 billion on average.
Net income increased to $806 million, or 30 cents a share in the third quarter, compared to $425 million, or 17 cents a share in the year-ago period. Excluding certain items, Facebook said it earned 43 cents a share.
Facebook also for the first time disclosed the financial performance for WhatsApp , a mobile messaging app that the company acquired earlier this month for $22 billion.
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, WhatsApp lost $232.5 million in the first six months of 2014, compared to a loss of $58.8 million in the first six months of 2013.
(Reuters)

Black money: Govt submits list to SC in a sealed envelopeaccount holders
(The list was submitted a…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court got 627 names in a sealed envelope from the government on Wednesday, having insisted on being given the list the previous day. It then handed this list of account holders in HSBC, Geneva, to the special investigation team (SIT) that's been set up to inquire into black money. Those names, however, have already been in the SIT's possession since June end, when it got them from the government.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi sought to ensure that secrecy rules related to bilateral accords, under which the information has been obtained, aren't broken. "According to the term of the treaties, there is a clause of confidentiality. I only request that nothing should be done to impede information from these countries,"he said. The bench did not make the names public, merely noting that the information was handed over by the government "voluntarily."
"We do not intend to open it. Now that we have the names, we will send it to the SIT to proceed as per the law. The SIT will evolve its own procedure to hand it over to the IT, CBI etc.,"said chief justice of India HL Dattu, who heads the special bench that also comprises justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur.
The muted tone of proceedings was in contrast with the heated nature of arguments on Tuesday, when the government sought unsuccessfully to get the court to relent on passing on the names. The SIT comprises MB Shah and Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the top court. The names that have been passed on will only be seen by them, the bench said.
The court directed the SIT to submit a report to the court by November end on the progress of its probe. At the start of the hearing, Rohatgi said the government did not "intend to hide or save anybody". But he did say the information had already been handed over to the SIT on June 27. Shah was also cited by a television channel as saying that there was nothing new in the list given to the Supreme Court on Wednesday.
"We are working under the direct supervision of the SIT,"he said. Three items were handed over--correspondence with the French authorities, the full list of 627 account holders and a status report by the SIT. The list of account holders dates back to 2006 and was provided by the French authorities. The account details were allegedly stolen by a disgruntled employee and came into the possession of the tax authorities there.
the French authorities, the full list of 627 account holders and a status report by the SIT. The list of account holders dates back to 2006 and was provided by the French authorities. The account details were allegedly stolen by a disgruntled employee and came into the possession of the tax authorities there.
the French authorities, the full list of 627 account holders and a status report by the SIT. The list of account holders dates back to 2006 and was provided by the French authorities. The account details were allegedly stolen by a disgruntled employee and came into the possession of the tax authorities there.
"A big economic worry is the US government's withholding tax (30%) on remittances by Indian residents there,"unless India signed an agreement on automatic exchange of information with that country by the year end, Rohatgi said. "Also on banks, LOIs (letters of intent) are often routed through the US."
Dattu made the court's position clear. "The problem started because you sought a modification of (an earlier) order (asking the government to provide the information). We have placed our faith in the SIT, authorised them to recover the money. You can tell the SIT not to disclose the names. Go to the SIT. Explain these problems.
"Rohatgi said the government had "misunderstood"the court order and agreed to flag these issues before the SIT. The bench also permitted petitioner Ram Jethmalani, to place his concerns over before the SIT.
Jethmalani was a BJP member when he filed the PIL but is no longer associated with it. Jethmalani said double-taxation agreements were a "fraud"on the nation and should be stopped. He said he would inform the SIT of his views.
The court didn't allow Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal to pursue his application calling for an inquiry into people and entities that he said may have black money holdings.
The SIT was set up by the court in July 2011 but the UPA government had rejected it and sought a review of the order, saying it would function as a super cop contrary to the normal criminal investigative machinery and procedures. The court had rejected its plea. The Modi government constituted it immediately after taking over at the end of May.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex up over a hundred points; Nifty above 8K; top stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex trades firm above 27000; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.14PM IST
("After struggling to hold…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 200 points in trade on Wednesday to surpass its crucial psychological level of 27000, led by gains in Tata Motors, Infosys, RIL, ITC and Mahindra & Mahindra.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in realty, IT, FMCG and auto stocks.
At 3:10 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27096.87, up 216.05 points or 0.0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 27,062.12 and a low of 26991.03 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8092.20, up 64.60 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 8081.05 and a low of 8059.25 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
HPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 552 and a stop loss of Rs 520
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 262 and a stop loss of Rs 245
Eicher Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 12800 and a stop loss of Rs 12200
RIL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 980 and a stop loss of Rs 930
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Punjab National Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 890 and a stop loss of Rs 930
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 536 and a stop loss of Rs 514
Dish TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 60 and a stop loss of Rs 55.50
Apollo Hospitals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1155 and a stop loss of Rs 1084
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 545 and a stop loss of Rs 515
Dish TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 62.50 and a stop loss of Rs 55.00
Andhra Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 73 and a stop loss of Rs 78
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
BGR Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 160
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3890 and a stop loss of Rs 3805
M&M Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1320 and a stop loss of Rs 1283
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2460 and a stop loss of Rs 2320
Tata Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 96 and a stop loss of Rs 87
NMDC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 160
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP Securities
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 248
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 645
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 155 and a stop loss of Rs 138
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

CCL surges 11% on strong Q2 | Hero gains 2% as RBI allows FIIs to buy paid-up capitalCCL Products rallies over 11% on strong Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 10.54AM IST
(The company reported a net…)
MUMBAI: Shares of CCL Products surged in trade a day after the company reported strong set of results for quarter ended September 2014.
The company reported a net profit of Rs 26.1 crore in July-September 2014 quarter, up 56.5 per cent, from Rs 16.7 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.
Net sales for the period increased to Rs 247 crore, up 48.7 per cent, from Rs 166.1 crore, in year-ago period.
According to the management, the company is sufficiently funded as of now. It has minimal debt on the books and that too for working capital. It expects to register topline growth of Rs 900 crore for FY15
"With an increase in the capacity utilisation in the Vietnam facility, we expect CCL's revenues to grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 19 per cent over FY2014-17. The operating efficiency gains from the Vietnam facility would help the OPM to improve gradually," said Sharekhan report.
"The stock is currently trading at 12.6x the FY2016E earnings and the valuation is at a discount of 30% to the closest peer, Tata Global Beverages. In view of the near-term growth prospects and discounted valuation, we expect a 25% upside in the stock price from the current levels," the report added.
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 134.85, up 6.85 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 140.50 and a low of Rs 132.95 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Akaashdeep Saigal s biggest SCANDALS revealed!Photo uploaded by Nupur Tripathy
on Oct 28, 2014 , 03:47 pm
1842 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
For those of you who didn't know, Akashdeep Saigal is better known as 'Sky Walker'.  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
For those of you who didn't know, Akashdeep Saigal is better known as 'Sky Walker'.  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

PM Modi s Siachen visit a masterstroke: analystsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Siachen, the world’s highest battlefield, was a strategic step that went beyond bonding with Indians soldiers to also send a message to Pakistan amid escalating tensions between the nuclear armed rivals, analysts and political observers say.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares sweets with the officers and jawans of Indian Armed Forces during his visit to Siachen on the occasion of Diwali. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is greeted by Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah as Jammu and Kashmir governor NN Vohra looks on at Srinagar Airport. (AFP photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks at a military dog as he interacts with Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen, in this handout photo ...
Prime minister Narendra Modi interacts with the Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is received on his arrival at Siachen Base Camp. Army chief Gen Dalbir Singh is also seen. (PTI photo)
Paramilitary soldiers stand guard as Kashmiri women walk on a street in Srinagar. Shops and businesses remained closed in Kashmir due to a separatist sponsored strike to protest a visit ...
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders and workers shout pro-Modi slogans during a welcome rally ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's arrival in Srinagar to celebrate Diwali with the flood victims ...
A paramilitary trooper stands guard in front of a shuttered shop during a one-day strike called by Kashmiri separatists protesting against Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the region, ...
Activists and supporters of Bharatiya Janta Party shout slogans as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar.
Activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party celebrate as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT photo)
Policemen try to stop activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party as they try to march towards the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT ...
India and Pakistan have faced off on the inhospitable terrain since 1984 and have long accepted the need to demilitarise Siachen, but still have not arrived at a solution that would allow them to pull out troops from the mountainous region that lies at about 20,000 feet above sea level.
Modi’s visit to Siachen on Diwali was the first by a PM in nine years. Modi’s predecessor, Manmohan Singh, visited the glacier in 2005 when he called to make Siachen an “abode of peace” between India and Pakistan.
“It is a masterstroke to spend the Diwali with soldiers in Siachen. Not only did he take this opportunity to bond with soldiers in far-flung areas but it was also a stern message to Pakistan that had, in recent times, tried to disturb the peace along the Line of Control,” said a senior bureaucrat.
Read: Modi’s flood-relief package draws flak from Kashmir political parties
Military analysts said the visit was in line with the stand of the BJP, which has in the past cautioned against any “settlement” over the Siachen glacier so that Pakistan does not get any terrain advantage to re-occupy the strategic heights.
“There is certain political subtext of this visit. Any visit of a PM to Siachen is of immense importance. This tour also plays well with the BJP’s narrative of showcasing its commitment to the national cause,” Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, Director, Society for Policy Studies, told HT.
Top sources added the trip was not a one-off event but Modi was likely to spend holidays with the army in future.
“It further showcases his government dedication and re-establishes India’s authority over the entire area,” said an official.

Instant snack: How to make roasted potato wedges½ tsp Black pepper powder
½ tsp Dry fenugreek leaves
½ tsp Sesame seeds
Method
Peel the potatoes first.
If you are making potato wedges without peeling them then wash potatoes thoroughly and cut them lengthwise dividing it into 2 equal parts. Take one half and cut into 2 equal parts. Again take one piece and dice it into further 2 equal parts.
Likewise cut all potatoes.
Take a big bowl and add olive oil, salt, black pepper, oregano, dry fenugreek leaves and mix well. Add the potato batons into it and mix until every baton gets coated nicely with the spices.
Preheat oven at 180 degree. Layer the potatoes over the plate one by one at distance and now place the tray in the oven. Set the oven at 180 degree for 35 minutes and roast the wedges. After 35 minutes take out the potato wedges from oven. Potatoes are roasted. Potato wedges are now ready.
Serve potato wedges with your favourite drink.
A homemaker in Noida, and passionate about cooking, Nisha Madhulika at 54 started http://www.nishamadhulika in 2007. She started her YouTube channel in mid 2011. She is known for making recipes with easily available ingredients. She has posted more than 1100 videos on her channel so far. She is one of the most popular chefs online and was recently featured in YouTube Top Chefs coffee table book.

Fashion do s and don ts for curvy women* Pencil skirts with a high waistline
* Shift dresses and dresses with an asymmetric cut
* Don’t:
* Shiny fabrics such as satin, as well as thick materials such as velvet
* Double-breasted jackets and coats
* Playful details such as ruffles or flounces in the bust area
* Skinny jeans
* Horizontal Stripes and halter neck tops
* Empire style
Special tip for accessories
* Loosely draped scarves can skilfully conceal a large chest.
*But be careful with accessories like brooches and short necklaces – they can make an ample bosom look even bigger.

Cocoa may reverse memory declinePrint
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 28, 2014 11:47 am
Age-related memory decline can be reversed with a little alteration in your diet, specifically the inclusion of cocoa flavanols, showed a research.
Flavanols are naturally occurring antioxidants and are also found in tea leaves and in certain fruits and vegetables.
The study provides the first direct evidence that one component of age-related memory decline in humans is caused by changes in a specific region of the brain – the dentate gyrusa – and that this form of memory decline can be improved by a dietary intervention.
“When we imaged our research subjects’ brains, we found noticeable improvements in the function of the dentate gyrus in those who consumed the high-cocoa flavanol drink,” said lead author, Adam Brickman, associate professor at the Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC) in the US.
In the study, 37 healthy volunteers, ages 50 to 69, were randomised to receive either a high-flavanol diet (900 mg of flavanols a day) or a low-flavanol diet (10 mg of flavanols a day) for three months.
The high-flavanol group performed significantly better on the memory test.
“If a participant had the memory of a typical 60-year-old at the beginning of the study, after three months that person on average had the memory of a typical 30- or 40-year-old,” senior author (CUMC), Scott A. Small added.
The researchers noted that the product used in the study is not the same as chocolate, and they caution against an increase in chocolate consumption in an attempt to gain this effect.
The study appeared online in the journal Nature Neuroscience.

PM Modi browses internet at 34Mbps: ReportPM Narendra Modi browses internet at 34Mbps: Report
indiatoday.in     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 13:39 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
It is not a hidden fact that the Internet speeds in India are borderline abysmal, but that fact does not pertain to the Prime Minister's office. While the average broadband Internet speed in India is around 2mbps, the speed in the country's highest office is 34mbps, if a Times of India report is to be believed. Reportedly, this was revealed in an RTI application.
Apparently, the National Informatics Centre is providing a speed up to 34mbps. While this number is good for India, in the US, Google's Fibre broadband service provides speeds up to 1gbps, which is almost 30 times faster. In fact, even in Kochi's 'Start Up Village', speed up to 1Gbps is provided.
The average peak connection speed in India is around 14.2mbps, and only 1.2 per cent people in the country enjoy speeds beyond 10mbps.
Earlier in the year, India was ranked an abysmal 115 in Akamai's 'State of Internet' report. The report ranked South Korea no.1 with its maximum Internet speed reaching 24.6mbps. Clearly, the state of Internet is not great in India, but Prime Minister Modi's Digital India plan intends to resolve this. He has dedicated a budget of 1 lakh crores so that high-speed Internet is offered in all villages and this plan is scheduled to be finished by 2019.
Fast Internet connections enable lower latency in streaming video, loading web pages and downloading files. India lags behind in this regard, something which has been even acknowledged by Google, which owns video streaming site YouTube. For India, Google has added an offline viewing mode in YouTube as the reach and speed of connectivity is limited in the country.

IBM scales down India biz | Infy gives 4K promotions | Wipro plans to stop attritionYou are here: Home > Collections > Software
IBM scaling down India business, MD Vanitha Narayanan to return to US
Pankaj Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
IBM
(IBM's India headcount is…)
BANGALORE: A decade after IBM put India at the core of its global strategy for software services, by building an army of engineers, the company is shedding staff, scaling down investments and even shuffling the top leadership in the country. Already, from around 1.65 lakh employees on its payroll by 2011, IBM's India headcount has now fallen to around 1.13 lakh and set to slide to 1 lakh by March 2015, according to people familiar with the company's plans.
IBM India managing director Vanitha Narayanan, who relocated from the United States in January last year, is planning to return as part of a major organisational rejig. "IBM is looking to rationalise high cost executives assigned across the markets and bring them back to the US," a source said.
"Such executives cost anywhere between $7,00,00 and over $1 million annually, apart from local country market costs," he added. Another person familiar with the developments added that Narayanan's possible return to the US has "nothing to do with India performance, but a part of global realignment of senior resources."
IBM India said in a statement that it "continues to invest in India" and that it has "more than 3,000 open positions" for jobs in the company. "Narayanan continues to lead India (and) the rumour (about her move to the US) is completely unfounded," according to IBM.
CHEAP LABOUR NO MORE THE 'SILVER BULLET'
As IBM attempts to script another turnaround in over a century of its existence, lowcost software services are no more the silver bullet that helped it come out of "a neardeath experience" in the late nineties. With aggressive disruptors such as Amazon and Google, cloud computing is the new battlefront, threatening models that rely on low-cost labour.
And that explains the shift in IBM's priorities, company insiders said."India is important, but not critical to IBM's survival like the time when Sam Palmisano brought entire board of the company to Bangalore in 2004," said a person familiar with the changes. "Things are looking quite different from 2011 — I now see half-empty floors, paid parking slots and no free coffee at times," said an IBM employee.
Now, software robots from companies such as IPSoft, and IBM's very own Watson, are being applied to automate projects, reducing dependence on engineers and support staff. Already, IBM has an internal project called 'Dynamic Automation' that is aimed at reducing dependency on human engineers by deploying software robots and automation tools. What IBM is doing is not surprising, said Rishikesha Krishnan, director and professor of strategy at Indian Institute of Management-Indore.
 
"IBM got into plain vanilla services rather late and that has pretty much run its course now. So they have to find a new business model," he said. The trend away from labour-intensive software services is the biggest driver for top MNCs including IBM to be looking elsewhere for talent.
Vinnie Mirchandani, a former Gartner analyst and CEO of boutique advisory firm Deal Architect, said companies such as IBM are looking to build newer talent teams in regions beyond India. "In areas like social marketing, security, mobile app development, IBM and other firms are developing talent pools in newer global regions and so are not as dependent on India," Mirchandani said.
BIG BLUES
Earlier this month, sales at Big Blue fell short of analysts' expectations as its legacy businesses start to slow down while the company's CEO Ginni Rometty pushes ahead with a strategy to improve margins. IBM's revenue fell for the tenth consecutive quarter in the third quarter of 2014 (ended September) to $22.4 billion.
In India, the company was embroiled in allegations of fraud, following which its contract with India's largest telecom company Bharti Airtel was renegotiated.
For its part, IBM has signed some new contracts in the past year in India and Narayanan's tenure has seen its bright sparks. In July, IBM closed a Rs 550-crore deal with microfinance firm Janalakshmi Financial Services. For the first time, IBM is also setting up a cloud data centre in India. The new centre will be a part of 15 new IBM cloud centres that will come up across the world.
But all this is yet to make up for the lost momentum IBM had few years ago in India's outsourcing market when it rode a fresh wave of outsourcing by the country's growing telecom companies. Indeed, IBM India's revenue for the year ending March 2013 rose by 12% to $3.2 billion, but profit fell 20% for the same period (fromRs 1,520.8 crore to 1,218.2 crore).
Meanwhile, Indian IT services companies such as Wipro have also started on a journey to become leaner. ET reported in September that the company which has 1.46 lakh employees is aiming to slim its workforce down by a third by focusing on automation.
Behind this realignment of payrolls is a growing trend of doing more with less. For instance, Indian IT companies only added 13,000 employees for every billion dollars of revenue in the 12 months to March 2014 as against 26,500 employees the year ago, according to Nasscom. "IBM is shrinking workforces not just in India," Mirchandani said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE Sensex regains 27 000 in early tradeMarket update: Sensex rises 217 pts to five-week high ahead of Fed meet outcome
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 17:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Wednesday surged 217 points to end at five-week  high of 27,098.17 powered by gains in interest rate sensitive stocks,  tracking rally in global markets ahead of the outcome of US Federal  Reserve's policy meeting .
Besides, hopes of further economic  reforms by Modi government, rising rate cut expectations and fall in  international oil price too buoyed sentiments, said brokers.
Rising for the straight second straight day, the BSE Sensex reclaimed the key 27,000-mark for the first time since September 22.
It  touched the day's high of 27,107.93 before settling the day with a gain  of 217.35 points, or 0.81 per cent, at 27,098.17 points. The gauge had  gained 127.92 points in the previous session.
The 50-share NSE  Nifty ended 62.85 points, or 0.78 per cent, higher at 8,090.45 after  moving between 8,097.95 and 8,052.25 intra-day.
"Expectations  from the FOMC meet, resultant nervousness and profit booking kept the  market range-bound today. We expect US Fed to wrap up its bond buying  program but it would continue to maintain low interest rates for long  term," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
In  addition, covering-up of short positions by speculators ahead of  Thursday's monthly expiry in the Indian derivatives segment played a  part in trading.
Stocks of commercial vehicle makers were in good demand.
Tata  Motors shares climbed 3.41 per cent and M&M gained 1.77 per cent  among others. Other Sensex components which supported the key indices  included Hindalco, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, RIL and Infosys.
Dr  Reddy's Laboratories reported 16.82 per cent decline in consolidated  net profit at Rs 574.1 crore for the second quarter. It shares fell over  one per cent. Dr Reddy's peer, Sun Pharma also saw its counter slip  over 1 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices inching higher.
Sectorwise,  BSE Realty index gained the most by rising 2.97 per cent, followed by  Metal index (2.63 pc), Auto index (1.79 pc), IT index (1.47 pc), FMCG  index (1.23 pc) and Oil & gas index (1.19 pc).

Mutual funds are betting big on small companiesYou are here: Home > Collections
Mutual Funds bet big on small companies
ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 04.12AM IST
Tags:
Companies
(According to the data compiled…)
Domestic mutual funds have doubled their investment in several small companies in the quarter ended September. According to the data compiled by ET, mutual funds increased their stake in about 124 small and mid-level companies with a market capitalisation of less than Rs 2,000 crore. ITD Cementation has seen the highest increase in MF investment from 1.98% in the June quarter to 18.08% in the September quarter. Gammon Infrastructure (up 10.06%), Omkar Speciality (7.04%),Jyoti Structure (6.84%) and NRB Bearing (5.92%) have also seen signifi cant rise in MF investment. This kind of interest by mutual fund managers in mid- and small-cap stocks was unheard of since 2009 when this category of shares rallied sharply. Some companies in which MFs have reduced their stake are Easun Reyrolle, Texmaco Rail, Hinduja Ventures and Tilaknagar Industries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to modernise Vietnams defence forcesNEW DELHI, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:47 IST
India to modernise Vietnam’s defence forces
Suhasini Haidar
The Hindu Vietnam Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Prime Minister Narendra Modi address a joint press conference after signing agreements on various fields for mutual cooperation in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
international relations
Maritime dispute should be resolved only by parties concerned, says China
Calling India’s defence cooperation with Vietnam “among our most important,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave a commitment to “modernise Vietnam’s defence and security forces” on Tuesday after talks with his counterpart Nguyen Tan Dung.
The two countries signed several agreements, including a memorandum of understanding for exploration by ONGC Videsh Limited in two blocks in the South China Sea. As The Hindu had reported on Monday, Mr. Modi also announced the operationalisation of the $100 million line of credit for Vietnam’s defence purchases.
Sources told The Hindu that Vietnam was keen to buy four off-shore patrol vehicles to start with.
This was especially significant as they would be deployed to police the South China Sea, areas of which were under dispute with China.
In a joint appearance before the media after their meeting, Mr. Nguyen said Vietnam “highly appreciated India’s position regarding the East Sea [South China Sea] issue and India’s continued cooperation with Vietnam in oil and gas exploration.”
Responding to a question about Mr. Nguyen’s earlier statement asking for “India’s support” in resolving the South China Sea dispute, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said on Tuesday that the dispute should only be resolved “by parties directly concerned.”
In an indirect reference to India, Mr. Hong said, “Relevant countries should respect the efforts made by parties directly concerned to resolve disputes through negotiation and consultation and to uphold regional peace and stability.” While neither of the two blocks signed for on Tuesday is in the disputed part, India’s exploration has irked Beijing in the past. Mr. Hong said the India-Vietnam MoUs on oil explorations must not “undermine China’s sovereignty and interests.” Chinese State Counsellor Yang Jiechi has been in Hanoi for talks, even as Mr. Nguyen arrived in New Delhi.
Mr. Modi said Vietnam was at the “forefront” of India’s efforts in the Asia Pacific region, which he said his government had “promptly and purposefully intensified” since coming to power. Mr. Modi’s tough statement on the South China Sea comes after his statement in Japan in September that seemed to accuse China of “expansionist policies”, and the joint statement during his visit to the U.S. called for “safeguarding maritime security in the South China Sea.”
With the decision to step up supplying vessels and training the Vietnamese navy, Mr. Modi seems to be backing the tough words with conscious action. A source said the Vietnamese government now “will be free to place orders with either government or private Indian vendors.”
(With additional reporting by Dinakar Peri)

India ranks 142 in World Bank s  Doing Business  listIndia ranks 142 in World Bank's 'Doing Business' report
Arun Kumar     Washington   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 13:44 IST
Three of the country's regulatory reforms benefiting local entrepreneurs were in the areas of starting a business, getting electricity, and protecting minority investors (Photo: Reuters)
A new World Bank Group report finds that the country set the pace for regulatory reform in South Asia in 2013-14 with 20 reforms - the region's largest number during the period.
India was followed by Sri Lanka with 16 reforms while three countries - Bangladesh, Nepal, and Pakistan - focused their efforts on adopting modern electronic systems to facilitate business activity.
The 'Doing Business 2015: Going Beyond Efficiency' report released on Wednesday found that four of eight economies in South Asia implemented at least one regulatory reform making it easier for domestic entrepreneurs to do business in the 2013-14 financial year.
"Doing business is easier in economies with administrative efficiency and strong regulatory protections," said Rita Ramalho, Doing Business report lead author, World Bank Group.
The report noted that in India a little over a decade ago, an entrepreneur seeking a loan to grow his business would have had little luck, because financial institutions lacked access to information systems to assess creditworthiness.
"Today, thanks to the creation and expansion of a national credit bureau offering credit scores and coverage on par with those in some high-income economies, a small business in India with a good financial history is more likely to get credit and hire more workers," it said.
Three of the country's regulatory reforms benefiting local entrepreneurs were in the areas of starting a business, getting electricity, and protecting minority investors, including through the adoption of the new Companies Act of 2013.
The government made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, but also made it more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations, the report said.
These changes apply to both, the national capital and Mumbai. In addition, the electricity utility in Mumbai made getting electricity less costly by reducing the security deposit for a new connection.
Finally, the country strengthened minority investor protections by requiring greater disclosure of conflicts of interest by board members, increasing the remedies available in case of prejudicial related-party transactions, the report said.
It also introduced additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies. This reform applies to both Delhi and Mumbai.
In 2014, for the first time, Doing Business collected data for a second city in economies with a population of more than 10 crore.
In India, it now analyses business regulations in the country's national and financial capital; in Bangladesh, in Chittagong and Dhaka; and in Pakistan, in Lahore and Karachi.
The report covering 189 economies worldwide, found that Singapore tops the global ranking on the ease of doing business.
Joining it on the list of the top 10 economies with the most business-friendly regulatory environments are New Zealand; Hong Kong SAR, China; Denmark; the Republic of Korea; Norway; the United States; the United Kingdom; Finland; and Australia.
(IANS)

Govt submits list of black money a/c holders to SCUpdate: Govt hands over list of 627 account holders to Supreme Court in black money case
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 13:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government on Wednesday submitted in the Supreme Court a list of 627 names , holding black money accounts in foreign banks, revealed to it by the French government.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi handed over two sealed envelopes to the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu.
Rohatgi said that half of these account holders are residents of the country while the other half are Non-Resident Indians (or NRIs). These accounts pertain up to 2006.
The AG said that action had been initiated into the matter. Some of the account holders had paid taxes while others were under investigation, he said.
Rohatgi also told the court the Income Tax Act had been amended to extend the limitation period up to March 31, 2015, for recovering taxes from these account holders. Under the earlier provision, a limitation period for recovery of taxes was six years, which in these cases came to an end in 2012.
The SC directed that the sealed envelopes containing 627 names, including correspondence with the French government, be given to Special Investigation Team (SIT) Chairman Justice MB Shah and Vice Chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat.
The apex court said the SIT , which was set up by it on July 4, 2011, will move into the matter in accordance with the law.
All the 627 accounts are at HSBC Bank in Geneva - the details of which the government got from its French counterpart.
These are also known as stolen data and when the government approached the Swiss authorities for assistance, they refused to help, saying that they did not deal with stolen data.
However, HSBC Bank said that if the domestic authorities got an NOC from the account holders, then it would share the details. As a consequence, about 50-60 account holders gave their consent with NOC.
Rohatgi told the court that the government's only request was that nothing should impede in getting information from these countries and others on foreign accounts in future.
Directing further hearing of the matter to December 3, the SC said that the SIT team will submit its status report on the steps taken by it in pursuance to the list of the 627 account holders.
On Tuesday, the government was directed by the apex court to furnish in a sealed envelope the list of all individuals and entities in its possession who have accounts in overseas banks, legitimate or otherwise.
The directive to this effect came a day after the government gave the court the names of seven individuals and one company, alleging they had funds in bank accounts abroad over which proceedings had been initiated for tax evasion.

Kerala: Mass kissing drive leaves cops high and dryComments
Protesters on Wednesday tore up posters promoting a mass-kissing campaign in Kerala’s port city of Kochi, saying it was against India’s traditional culture.
A group of netizens had announced plans to hold the “Kiss of Love” drive on November 2 to protest against moral policing by right-wing groups.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
“Moral policing is a criminal activity. Most political parties and religious organisations try to do that. A group of young bloods join their hands together to prove to society that the kiss is the symbol of love,” says the Facebook page of the campaign that has already received over 10,000 likes.
According to reports, the posters were torn up by a group of men who did not specify whether they belonged to or supported a political group.
Police have denied permission for the event scheduled to be held at the Marine Drive where couples have been invited at 5pm on Sunday.
“We can’t prevent people from assembling. But if it creates a law and order problem and traffic snarls, we will arrest and remove them from the spot,” said Kochi deputy commissioner of police Nishanthini.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and Yuva Morcha – the BJP’s youth wing – said they would not disrupt the function.
The organisers said their aim was not to target any political party or group but to draw attention to the fact that it was not acceptable to disrupt someone’s privacy citing flimsy moral reasons.
“Criminalisation of affection and love is really bad. The attack against the coffee shop was just a trigger. Sadly this tendency is growing everywhere,” said S Rahul, one of the organisers.
The event is reminiscent of the 2009 Pink Chaddi Campaign in Mangalore where hundreds of people sent pink underwear on Valentine’s Day to the office of a right-wing group that allegedly attacked some women at a pub.
The event planners said they may conduct such drives in other cities after gauging the success of their first attempt. While some Bengaluru-based software professionals said they would drive down to Kochi to participate in the event, the LGBT (lesbians, gays, bi-sexual and transgender) community, too, has pledged its support.
The organisers expect at least 10,000 couples to be present at the mass-kissing programme.
“Lovers will kiss each other. We want to send a strong signal to the moral police that violence can’t overcome love,” Rahul said.
(With agency inputs)

Lava stream creeps closer to Hawaii homesLava stream creeps closer to Hawaii homes
AP
print
After weeks of slow, stop-and-go movement, a river of asphalt-black lava was less than the length of a football field from homes in a Big Island community Tuesday.
The lava flow easily burned down an empty shed at about 7:30 am, several hours after entering a residential property in Pahoa Village, said Hawaii County Civil Defense Director Darryl Oliveira.
A branch of the molten stream was less than 100 yards (90 meters) from a two-story house. It could hit the home later Tuesday if it continues on its current path, Oliveira estimated.
Watch: Hot molten lava slowly moves closer to Hawaii homes
Residents of Pahoa Village, the commercial center of the island's rural Puna district south of Hilo, have had weeks to prepare for what's been described as a slow-motion disaster. Most have either already left or are prepared to go.
Residents of Pahoa Village, the commercial center of the island's rural Puna district south of Hilo, have had weeks to prepare for what's been described as a slow-motion disaster. Most have either already left or are prepared to go.
At least 50 or 60 structures - including homes and businesses - are in the area likely to be hit.
On Tuesday morning, civil defense officials said the lava was about 500 yards (460 meters) from Pahoa Village Road, which runs through downtown and is one of the town's main roads.
Scientists began warning the public about the lava from Kilauea volcano Aug. 22. At the time, residents were cleaning up from a tropical storm that made landfall over the Puna district.
The flow's advance has been inconsistent, ranging from about 2 yards (1.8 meters) to 20 yards (18 meters) per hour, depending on topography, said Janet Babb, a spokeswoman for the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory.
County officials are making arrangements for those living in the lava's path to be able to watch the flow destroy their homes as a means of closure.
"You can only imagine the frustration as well as ... despair they're going through," Oliveira said.
Some schools are closing this week and sending their students to a temporary facility and to other area schools.
The photo provided by the US Geological Survey shows a Hawaii Volcano Observatory geologist standing on a partly cooled section of lava flow near the town of Pahoa on the Big Island of Hawaii. (AP photo)
Crews have been building alternate roads, and officials are preparing for the lava to cut off access for some residents who are assigned to vote November 4 at the Pahoa Community Center.
The center will remain open for voting for those who can reach it. Those living on the north side of the flow who are assigned to the center can instead go to the Hawaiian Paradise Community Center.
Terri Mulroy, who runs Kumu Aina Farm with her husband, said the lava flow, while unnerving, has a cleansing quality to it because it keeps development on the lush Hawaiian island in check.
"If it wasn't for the flow, I wouldn't be able to live here," she said. "This land would have been a golf course for the rich."
The lava flow from the Kilauea Volcano is seen in a US Geological Survey (USGS) image taken near the village of Pahoa, Hawaii. (Reuters)
Photo provided by the US Geological Survey shows the lava flow from Kilauea Volcano that began on June 27 nearing the town of Pahoa on the Big Island of Hawaii. (AP photo)
Photo provided by the US Geological Survey shows the lava flow from Kilauea Volcano that began on June 27 nearing the town of Pahoa on the Big Island of Hawaii. (AP photo)

India ranks 142 in  Ease of Doing Business  ..."Ease of Doing Business" report
(India’s ranking slipped…)
NEW DELHI: India has slipped further on the World Bank's 'Ease of Doing Business' index, at 142 among 189 countries as on June 1 from 134 last year, but the global lender has taken care to distance from this slide the Narendra Modiled NDA government which took charge barely a week earlier and soon set about improving the country's business environment and perception among overseas investors.
"We do not want to send the impression that the drop in India's ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation (government)," Augusto Lopez-Claros, director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics, World Bank Group said about the latest ranking released on Wednesday. Singapore retained the top spot in the ranking, followed by New Zealand, Hong Kong, Denmark and South Korea.
The NDA government has announced a series of measures to fast-track decisionmaking, reduce regulatory compliance burden and bring down cost of doing business, setting itself the goal of improving India's rank to within top 50 on this widely followed index."World Bank has used the data till May 2014, whereas most measures to improve doing business were undertaken subsequent to that, from June end," a senior government official said.
"We are now making structural changes towards business process re-engineering using a digital platform. Our target must be to come into the top 50. A lot of work has already started. It will be visible in the next year's doing business rankings," added the official, requesting anonymity.
India's ranking slipped even as its score was higher at 53.7, as a result of having undertaken three reforms, since the other countries reformed at a faster pace.
"The current ranking is relative to other countries and depends on the pace with which we take on these reforms. Going forward, India will not just have to improve on several parameters of doing business but also improve faster than other countries so as to improve its position in the overall ranking," DK Pant of India Ratings said.
While India made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, it also made it more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations, the report said.
The World Bank has made changes to how the rankings are compiled by increasing the number of indicators and extending the coverage to Delhi, the second largest business city in the country, which has also been taken into account this year along with Mumbai.
There was some good news, too, for India, with the report pointing out that the country follows the largest share of the good practices measured by the new indices introduced to capture protection of minority investors. These are extent of shareholder rights, strength of governance structure and extent of corporate transparency.
"Among 189 economies worldwide, India follows the largest share of the good practices measured by the new indices," the reported noted, putting India at the seventh place.Joshi of Crisil said India should figure higher in the rankings next year as attempts are being made to improve the business environment in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nasa rocket bound for space station explodes after liftoffprint
An unmanned Antares rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad in Virginia on Tuesday, marking the first accident since Nasa turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station.
The 14-story rocket, built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp, blasted off its seaside launch pad at the Wallops Flight Facility at 6:22pm EDT/2222 GMT carrying a Cygnus cargo ship bound for the space station. It appeared to burst into flames moments later, then plunged to the ground in a huge ball of fire and smoke, but authorities said no one was hurt.
The six crew members in orbit aboard the space station - two Nasa astronauts, one from the European Space Agency and three Russian cosmonauts - were informed of the accident, Nasa spokesman Dan Huot said.
With a Russian cargo ship due to reach the space station on Wednesday shortly after a separate launch from Kazakhstan, the loss of the Cygnus vessel posed no immediate supply shortage for the orbiting team.
"There was no cargo that was absolutely critical" aboard Cygnus, Nasa Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier said.
 The White House said President Barack Obama also was briefed.
Orbital Sciences stock fell 15.5 percent to a two-month low of $25.65 in after-hours trading.
The cause of the mishap was not immediately known, Huot said. He said there were no reports of any personnel in the vicinity of the explosion.
Orbital Sciences said in a statement: "We've confirmed that all personnel have been accounted for. We have no injuries in the operation today."
The spacecraft was carrying "some classified cryptographic equipment, so we do need to maintain the area around the debris in a secure manner," said Mike Pinkston, the company's Antares program manager.
The National Security Agency had no immediate comment on the classified equipment reported to be aboard the cargo ship.
NASA launch control said damage appeared to be limited to the launch facility and rocket. The Antares rocket has been launched successfully on four previous missions.
"This has been a lot of hard work to get to this point," Orbital Sciences Executive Vice President Frank Culbertson told the launch team just before liftoff.
Footage of the launch broadcast on Nasa TV showed the Antares rising slowly into the night sky as flames suddenly engulfed the rocket, from the bottom to the top, and the vehicle sank back downward in an enormous conflagration.
Ronda Miller, manager of the Ocean Deli in Wallops Island, Virginia, told Reuters she felt the force of the blast from the eatery, about 5 miles (8 km) from the launch pad.
'It shook the whole building'
"We were standing outside waiting for it to launch and we saw bright red, and then we saw a big black cloud, and it shook the whole building where we work at," Miller said. "And then I came back in to work and seen fire trucks going every which way."
The launch had been delayed one day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket's intended flight path.
Virginia-based Orbital Sciences is one of two companies hired by Nasa to fly cargo to the station after the space shuttles were retired.
Tuesday's planned flight was to be the third of eight under the company's $1.9 billion contract with Nasa.
The second US supply line to the station is run by privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, which is preparing for its fourth flight under a separate $1.6 billion Nasa contract.
Outfitted with a new, more powerful upper-stage engine, the Antares rocket launched on Tuesday carried a Cygnus spacecraft packed with 5,055 pounds (2,293 kg) of supplies, science experiments and equipment, a 15 percent increase over previous missions.
The Cygnus capsule was the first of two cargo ships scheduled to head to the space station this week. Russia is preparing to launch a Soyuz rocket and Progress freighter from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday.
Cygnus was to loiter in orbit until Nov. 2, then fly itself to the station so astronauts can use a robotic crane to snare the capsule and attach it to a berthing port. The station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by 15 nations, flies about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.
In addition to food, supplies and equipment, the Cygnus spacecraft was loaded with more than 1,600 pounds (725 kg) of science experiments, including an investigation to chemically analyze meteors as they burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
The Cygnus also carried a prototype satellite owned by Redmond, Washington-based startup Planetary Resources Inc., which is developing technology to mine asteroids. The satellite, designated A3, was to be released into space by a commercially owned small spacecraft launcher aboard the station.
Orbital Sciences is in the midst of merging with Alliant Techsystem Inc's Aerospace and Defense division, a deal that analysts expect to close sometime early next year. The company is competing for a number of Nasa missions or projects that will help fuel revenue over coming years.
The defense sector in general has been hit by cutbacks in federal spending in past years, but of the seven analysts who track Orbital Sciences, five had a "buy" or "strong buy" rating on the stock, and none recommended a "sell" before the mishap.
 

Black Money: SIT to probe bank accounts by March 2015SIT to assess black money bank accounts by March 2015, says AG
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 13:33 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
With the government submitting a list of 627 black money account holders to Supreme Court in the black money case, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi on Wednesday said that the deadline for investigation into these accounts, under the Income Tax Act, is March 31, 2015.
He said that the court directed that the sealed envelope containing the names be given to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and also allowed the government to put its "problems regarding treaties with foreign nations" before the SIT.
"After that we shall request them to submit the report in the court by November 30," Rohatgi said.
"There are about 627-628 accounts along with a status report which we have submitted in the Supreme Court today (Oct 29) in a sealed cover. Last date for investigation and assessment into all these accounts is March 31, 2015.
The court (SC) after hearing both sides, did not open the cover but directed that the sealed envelope be given to the SIT itself. The SIT will thereafter see what it has to do and proceed in accordance with law," the AG said.
Speaking to the media immediately after the hearing, Rohatgi also said that the same list had been submitted to the SIT in June this year.
"The apex court has asked SIT to verify the list given by the government and carry on with probe in accordance with law," he said, adding, "The court has permitted us to place our problems regarding treaties with foreign nations before the SIT."

Yo Yo Honey Singh is back to work after a month-longsabbaticalYo Yo Honey Singh's health scare is behind him now. After a month-long sabbatical, the superstar-musician is back on his feet ready to rock once again.
By: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:02 pm
Yo Yo Honey Singh’s health scare is behind him now. After a month-long sabbatical, the superstar-musician is back on his feet ready to rock once again.
During the month of self-imposed recuperation, Yo Yo Honey Singh had exiled himself completely from his professional interests. He had to cancel several high-profile commitments including a special song for Farah Khan’s ‘Happy New Year’.
Says a source, “After ‘Lungi Dance’ in Chennai Express, Shah Rukh Khan wanted another dhamaka with Yo Yo. But the doctors played spoilsport. Honey Singh was under strict medical supervision.”
Continues the source, “He was not even allowed to keep his phone with him. His wife Shalini attended all his calls and replied to the important ones. She has looked after him during the past month like a truly devoted wife. He has recovered fully from his blood-pressure related issues.”
To add to his woes Yo Yo honey Singh also met with an accident during the SLAM concerts promoting Happy New Year in cities across the US. In Chicago he fell and injured his head.
“His recovery has been slow but steady. Yo Yo is born anew and ready to strike again. He won’t over-commit himself, won’t say yes to every producer who wants a song for his film,” says Yo Yo’s friend,

All foreign bank accounts will be assessed by March 2015: AG Mukul Rohatgi on black moneycasePrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:43 pm
With the Centre submitting a list of 627 account holders in foreign banks to Supreme Court in the black money case, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi on Wednesday said that the deadline for investigation under the Income Tax Act into these accounts is March 31, 2015.
He said that the court directed that the sealed envelope with the names be given to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and also allowed the Centre to put its “problems regarding treaties with foreign nations” before the SIT.
“After that we shall request them to submit the report in the court by November 30,” the AG said.
“There are about 627-628 accounts along with a status report which we have submitted in the Supreme Court today in a sealed cover. Last date for investigation and assessment into all these accounts is March 31, 2015.
“The court after hearing both sides, did not open the cover but directed that the sealed envelope be given to the SIT itself. The SIT will thereafter see what it has to do and proceed in accordance with law,” Rohatgi said.
Speaking to the media immediately after the hearing, the AG also said that this same list had been submitted to the SIT in June earlier this year.
“The apex court has asked SIT to verify the list given by the government and carry on with probe in accordance with law,” he said, adding, “The court has permitted us to place our problems regarding treaties with foreign nations before the SIT”.

Industries in Kutch to suspend production before Nilofar hits; 30 000 people to beevacuatedSatellite image of cyclone Nilofar taken by INSAT (Source: IMD)
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:42 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:24 pm
Industrial installations worth over Rs 70,000 crore and people living in 123 villages on the Indo-Pak border district of Kutch are at risk as a severe cyclonic storm Nilofar threatens to hit the coast at Naliya, by Saturday.
In order to safeguard these units, including the country’s two biggest ports — Mundra and Kandla —, the local industries have been asked to suspend all activity 12 hours prior to the arrival of Nilofar, which is expected to make a landfall at Naliya, the western end of the district. The local administration has also planned to evacuate over 30,000 people from 123 villages in the district.
The administration is taking no chances given the loss of life in the 1998 and 2000 cyclones where Kandla port was devastated, and the salt and shipping industry was badly hit. Kutch, since then and after the tax holiday that followed the massive quake of 2001 has developed into a major industry hub and a busy port.
“We have planned to evacuate 30,000 people residing in “kaccha” houses in these villages. These villages are those located 0-15 kilometers from the shoreline,” said MS Patel, district collector of Kutch.
“Industries, especially those dealing with chemicals and petroleum products have also been asked to suspend operations,” he said adding that the three of the four NDRF teams have already arrived to assist the district administration. “We have asked all officials to move into interior areas and prepare for the storm,” Patel said. The administration has also requested for two companies of State Reserve Police.
The president of Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Kutch (CCIK), Rajesh Bhatt says, “We do not want to be caught napping. We have learnt our lessons from the cyclones of 1998 and 2000 when hundreds of lives were lost and the salt and shipping industry were hit the hardest. This time we are not taking any chances. So after a meeting with the district administration on Monday, we as an industry body we have advised the industrial units in and around Naliya to shut all production activities 12 hour prior to the cyclone.”
According to the industry body, the important installations of Sanghi Cements, Ultratech Cements, ABG Cements, mines of GMDC and the 290 MW Kutch Lignite Thermal Power Station (near Panandhro village), dot the region surrounding Naliya, where the wind speeds are expected to be reach between 100-125 kilometers per hour. These units, that are on the path the cyclone might possibly take, have been asked to suspended production.
“Several of these units have long chimneys, and we have asked them to ensure safety of the 60,000-odd direct and indirect workers employed with them. They have also been asked to stock rations for a week. We do not want to take any risk,” Bhatt said adding that continued…

Global consumer confidence improves  India most bullish:NielsenIndia remains the most bullish consumer market, according to the survey by global information and insights company Nielsen. (Reuters)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:36 pm
Consumer confidence in the United States jumped in the third quarter and improved globally, although people were more optimistic about job prospects than their personal finances, a survey showed on Wednesday.
India remained the most bullish consumer market, while Italy became the most pessimistic, according to the survey by global information and insights company Nielsen.
The survey showed that concerns about the economy and job prospects had eased globally from the second quarter, but in North America and Europe that had been replaced by rising worries about war and terrorism.
European countries generally were the most pessimistic, reflecting the conflict in Ukraine, faltering growth and the risk of deflation in the euro zone. Britain and Germany, however, saw consumer confidence improve.
The Nielsen Global Consumer Confidence Index rose 1 point in the third quarter to 98, according to the survey, conducted between Aug. 13 and Sept. 5.
The index has been steadily rising since the first quarter of 2012 and the latest reading headed closer to the 100 mark that signals optimism among consumers.
U.S. consumers were the seventh most upbeat globally, with their score rising 4 points to 108 as optimism about job prospects continued to surge.
Americans were also slightly more upbeat about the outlook for their personal finances than they were in the second quarter, unlike Europeans, who were more pessimistic, reflecting persistently low wage growth.
“U.S. consumers are now feeling far more confident than in previous years of the recovery due to consistently good job market trends, reflected in steady payroll growth and falling unemployment over the course of 2014,” said Louise Keely, a senior vice president at Nielsen.
“They are also benefiting from lower gasoline prices and a gradually improving housing market. In the coming months, as we start to see more people re-entering the workforce and meaningful wage growth, this is likely to translate into broad-based gains in consumer spending.”
Australia saw the biggest increase in confidence from the previous quarter, by 12 points, followed by Slovenia with a 9-point increase and Thailand with 8 points.
Chile posted the sharpest drop in confidence, by 7 points, followed by the Philippines with a 5-point decline and 4-point decreases for Italy and Ukraine.
The Nielsen survey was conducted online and covered more than 30,000 consumers across 60 markets.
 

Kanye West turns down high paying Las Vegas showofferKanye West was required to perform 3 shows a week for 3 weeks at the Axis at Planet Hollywood. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:35 pm
Kanye West reportedly turned down an offer to perform in Las Vegas for USD 4.5 million. West would have become the highest paid artist on the Las Vegas strip had he accepted the offer, reported TMZ.
According to the written offer West was required to perform 3 shows a week for 3 weeks at the Axis at Planet Hollywood. For that he was offered a whopping USD 500,000 per show.

Lt Governor Najeeb Jung meets Rajnath  will discuss govt formation withpartiesPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:33 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:12 pm
Lt Governor Najeeb Jung on Wednesday met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and discussed the political situation in Delhi, a day after the Supreme Court’s rap for continuing with the President’s rule in the city.
Sources said the LG conveyed to the Home Minister that he will call all political parties to explore possibilities of forming a government in Delhi, which is under President’s rule since February 17 after resignation of AAP government.
The Centre had on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that President Pranab Mukherjee has accepted an LG proposal that BJP be asked to form the government.
The meeting lasted nearly 30 minutes, the sources said.
Rapping the Centre and the LG over the delay, the court had said that in a democracy President’s Rule cannot go on forever and questioned why the authorities failed to act expeditiously.
Presently, BJP, along with ally Akali Dal’s lone MLA, has 29 legislators and will require the support of five more MLAs to prove majority in the assembly in its current strength of 67 if it decides to form the government.
The total strength of the Delhi Assembly is 70 with three vacancies which are to be filled in byelections late next month.
AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress. The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on 14 February after the party’s pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
President’s Rule was imposed in Delhi on February 17. Jung had not favoured dissolution of the Delhi assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.

Dr Reddy s slips 3% post Q2 results; net profit down 16.8% YoY | CCL surges 11%Dr Reddy's Laboratories slips nearly 3% post Q2 results; net profit down 16.8% YoY
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 01.11PM IST
(The net profit was slightly…)
NEW DELHI: Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd plunged as much as 2.7 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the pharma major reported a net profit of Rs 574 crore, down 16.8 per cent YoY for the quarter ended September 30.
The net profit was slightly above ET Now estimates of Rs 550 crore. The drug maker reported a net profit of Rs 690 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year.
At 12:30 p.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 3018. It hit a low of Rs 2996 and a high of Rs 3117.30 in trade today.
Revenues grew by 6.8 per cent YoY to Rs 3,587 crore, which was slightly lower than ET Now Poll of Rs 3,700 crore. The pharma major reported revenues of Rs 3357 crore in the year-ago period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money list: Central govt submits names of 627 foreign bank A/C holders to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Check out stocks that are buzzing the most todayOct 27, 2014, 12.45 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Check out stocks that are buzzing the most today
Here are top buzzing stocks of the day: Dabur, Just Dial, IPCA Labs, JSPL, Financial Tech, DLF, HMT, Ingersoll.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Check out stocks that are buzzing the most today
Here are top buzzing stocks of the day: Dabur, Just Dial, IPCA Labs, JSPL, Financial Tech, DLF, HMT, Ingersoll.
Post your opinion here

Blackstone to Seek $13 Bn for Global Real Estate Fund: ReportAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New York: Blackstone Group LP, the world's largest private equity investor in real estate, is preparing to seek around $13 billion for its next flagship global real estate fund, in line with its predecessor fund, according to people familiar with the matter.
Blackstone, which derived 45 per cent of its earnings from real estate in the first nine months of 2014, has started preliminary conversations with potential investors about the new fund and expects marketing documents to be ready in the next few weeks, the people said.
Blackstone has enjoyed phenomenal success in the sector. Its latest fund, Blackstone Real Estate Partners VII, which raised $13.4 billion in 2012, reported a net internal rate of return of 27 percent as of the end of September. As a result of Blackstone's success in the sector, its head of real estate, Jonathan Gray, is being viewed as a potential successor to Chief Executive Stephen Schwarzman, who is a co-founder of the firm, people have previously told Reuters.
Blackstone has sought to moderate expectations, telling potential investors that it will be hard for the new real estate fund to beat the high returns of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VII, the people said.
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because Blackstone's conversations with its investors are private. Blackstone declined to comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

StanChart Q3 Profit Tumbles  An Extra $400 Million in Cost Cuts EyedYou are here: Home Corporates
StanChart Q3 Profit Tumbles, An Extra $400 Million in Cost Cuts Eyed
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 13:35 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Hong Kong: Standard Chartered Plc said operating profit for the third quarter fell 16 per cent, hurt by rising costs from the restructuring of its South Korean business and a doubling of impaired loans.
The Asia-focused bank also said it will target a further $400 million in cost reductions for 2015, as it reshapes itself to combat a downturn in emerging markets which had previously been a tremendous engine of growth - driving it to ten straight years of record profits before 2013.
"Whilst some of these actions will impact near term performance, they are crucial to getting us back to a trajectory of sustainable, profitable growth," Chief Executive Peter Sands said in a statement.
Operating profit for the July-September quarter fell to $1.5 billion from $1.8 billion in the same period a year ago.
StanChart has said it expects profits to fall in 2014 for a second straight year, as the lender faces a number of challenges including a slowdown in growth in many of its core emerging markets and weak trading activity.
The bank is also under heavy regulatory scrutiny, having warned on Aug. 6 that it faced its second fine in two years from New York's financial regulator for problems in its anti-money laundering controls.
StanChart said impairments for the third quarter rose to $539 million from $250 million in the same period last year, as a small number of corporate and institutional clients were hammered by weak commodity markets.
"We remain watchful in India, in China and of commodity exposures more broadly, where we have continued to tighten our underwriting criteria and reduce our exposures," the statement said.
In Asia, StanChart's results in the last two years have been weighed down by big losses in South Korea, where it took a $1 billion hit in 2013 amid rising bad debts, a long-running dispute with staff and tough domestic competition.
StanChart began to restructure its Korean business in 2011. Since then it has reduced its number of branches by 69 to 313, cut staff and sold two consumer finance units.
The bank also said in August this year it made a $175 million provision to cover its exposure to suspected commodities fraud in China.
StanChart's shares have fallen 20 per cent in the year to date in London, against a 5 per cent decline in the benchmark FTSE 100 index.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apple CEO Fires Back as Retailers Block PayYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple CEO Fires Back as Retailers Block Pay
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 14:51 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook fired back at CVS and Rite Aid on Monday after the drugstore chains blocked the iPhone maker's mobile payments service, saying there were plenty of other retailers around the world to sign up.
Apple Pay launched about a week ago and saw more than a million credit cards registered over the first 72 hours. It already totes up more transactions than all other "contactless" payment methods combined, Cook said, citing Visa and Mastercard data.
Such services, through which a user pays by holding a smartphone close to a specially designed terminal, have failed to catch on in the United States despite the backing of Google Inc and other influential players.
News emerged over the weekend that the two retailers had opted out of Apple Pay in favor of a rival system that roughly 50 chains, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are developing for in-house use ."We've got a lot more merchants to sign up, we've got a lot of banks to sign up and we've got the rest of the world," Cook told the Wall Street Journal Digital Live conference, in the company's most extensive comments on the blockade so far.
In launching Apple Pay, the iPhone maker hopes to lock in more customers for its mobile devices by enhancing their overall utility. Industry experts say it stands a chance of becoming the first widely used payments feature on smartphones.
CVS and Rite Aid have not explained their surprise move.
But the driving force behind developing a retailer-owned mobile payment solution is to avoid paying credit card transaction fees to card companies like Visa and Mastercard, analysts said. Fees range between 2 percent and 3 percent of costs per transaction.
Rite Aid stopped accepting Apple Pay last week at its 4,572 stores. Spokeswoman Ashley Flower said the company was evaluating various forms of mobile payment technologies.
CVS did not respond to queries seeking comment but a visit to two of its stores showed that the NFC (Near Field Communications) reader on which Apple Pay was used had been deactivated.
It remains to be seen, despite early signs of success, whether mobile payments will become widely adopted.
Cook argued on Monday that Apple Pay offered better security and privacy than competing services, and that retailers risked alienating customers by limiting choices at checkout.
"It's a skirmish," Cook said in response to a question about the retailers' moves.
"Merchants have different objectives sometimes. But in the long arc of time, you only are relevant as a retailer or merchant if your customers love you."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Most first-time computer-buyers still prefer laptopsThough smart devices have become the focus of computing today, the market for laptops and PCs isn’t dead yet.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:51 pm
Most technology writers are guilty of focusing too much on smartphones and overlooking the rest of the computing devices in the process. If you read some tech blogs and magazines, you would be forgiven for believing that no one buys laptops any more. In fact, that is far from the truth.
There are millions of desktops and laptops still being sold, though the numbers are declining gradually. While the PC-makers are waiting for that big boom to happen in countries such as India where computer penetration is very low, a lot of first-time buyers in markets such as ours are picking up a smartphone as their first, and often only, computing device. But there is still a large market for PCs, especially in Asia. According to research firm IDC, at 26.6 million units, the Asia-Pacific (ex-Japan) PC market grew 8% compared to the last quarter, though it declined 5% year-on-year in Q3-2014. This was better than forecasts because the election results in India seem to have pushed up retail walk-ins, the research firm said.
India still has among the lowest PC penetrations in the world. If price was a factor for many people to adopt computing here, affordable smartphones and tablets are taking the internet and some amount of computing to the common man. I say “some amount” because a lot of stuff still can’t be done on smart devices. Let’s take the simple example of working on multiple spreadsheets, or even word documents. The task is almost impossible on a smartphone, no matter what the screen size might be, and though achievable, it still remains difficult to carry out on a tablet. Another example is editing and resizing a photo taken from a DSLR; this will stump most affordable tablets in the market. This is where an affordable laptop can be considered valuable.
I recently reviewed an Acer laptop that cost just over R21,000, but gave you a large 15-inch screen, optical drive and a reasonably powered processor. No, it does not have a top-draw Intel Core i3 or i5 processor, but the Intel Celeron that it runs on is good with most tasks and consumes less power. And Acer is not the only company to offer a good laptop in this price bracket. Most of these new breed of really affordable laptops are powered by new low-voltage Pentium or Celeron processors from Intel, or the more affordable AMD processors.
Many first-time computer-buyers still opt for these laptops instead of the smaller 2-in-1 hybrids despite the lure of mobility and, of course, the touchscreen. The 2-in-1 convertible is surely getting better at productivity, but it is still behind what an old trusted laptop offers in terms of functionality. However, what the 2-in-1 gives the consumer is the luxury of choice, something that was not available at this price point earlier. Now, for R20,000, you can decide what kind of a computing device you want—a small, mobile tablet-based convertible device or a large laptop that lets you do everything while compromising a bit on the processing power.
For many, this is a tough decision to make. The best way to get over the problem is to figure out what kind of a user you are. For those who don’t need to do a lot of creative stuff, the 2-in-1 might prove a better option, while for others the laptop makes more sense.
It is a good thing that even at lower price points you now get the Windows OS. Earlier, at a lower price point, you would have been left with a Linux OS that fed the proliferation of pirated software in India. Plus, you now have free open source alternatives for most good, but expensive, software. For college students and young business executives, this mix might prove to be the first steps towards a successful career. Entering the world of computers has never been this easy.

Mobile App Ola to Raise $210 Million From SoftBank  Other InvestorsYou are here: Home Corporates
Mobile App Ola to Raise $210 Million From SoftBank, Other Investors
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:37 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Ola, a mobile app for cab booking, will raise $210 million (about Rs 1,260 crore) from Japan's SoftBank Group and other existing investors - Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India and Steadview Capital.
Ola (formerly Olacabs) has entered into a "definitive agreement" with SoftBank Internet and Media, Inc. (SIMI) and other existing investors to raise $210 million, it said in a statement on Tuesday.
The company has presence in 19 cities across India, including a recent addition of 9 new places on its map in the last two months.
"We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support development of the market," SoftBank Corp chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son said.
Ola co-founder and CEO Bhavish Aggarwal said, "We will continue to build towards our vision of transportation as a seamless and ubiquitous service in every corner of the country and focus on the driver ecosystem to enable micro entrepreneurship and skill development at scale."
"India has the third largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper internet access, a big growth potential," said Nikesh Arora, vice chairman of SoftBank and CEO of SoftBank Internet & Media, Inc or SIMI, a newly formed subsidiary of SoftBank.
Founded in 2011 by IIT Bombay alumni, Ola in past has also raised funds from Tiger Global, Matrix Partners India, Steadview Capital and Sequoia Capital.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 15:08 (IST)

LG Electronics Exit Suggests End is Near for Plasma TVsYou are here: Home Corporates
LG Electronics Exit Suggests End is Near for Plasma TVs
Reuters | Updated On: October 28, 2014 15:30 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Seoul: South Korea's LG Electronics Inc said it will wind down its plasma television business by end-November, as a technology long overtaken by liquid crystal display takes one step closer to its demise.
LG Electronics said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday that the decision reflects a decline in demand for plasma TVs, with the business accounting for 2.4 per cent of its 2013 annual revenue. The exit was widely anticipated as LCD TVs have become the mainstay in global markets.
"We wanted to keep it going as long as we could," LG spokesman Ken Hong told Reuters, noting that LG Electronics has been making its own plasma panels. "No matter how much we try to keep it going it's just not a business anymore."
Analysts said plasma displays were technically unable to catch up to the advances in screen resolutions, and it also consumed more power and generated more heat than LCD.
"All those factors combined to push industry players to concentrate on LCD technology," said Seoul-based IBK Securities analyst Eo Kyu-jin.Market research firm NPD DisplaySearch said in July that global plasma TV shipments will fall to 500,000 in 2015 from 5.2 million in 2014, all but disappearing from the market.
Japan's Panasonic Corp said in October last year that it would pull out of the plasma TV business. Once LG exits, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd would be the last major player.
Samsung says it plans to continue making plasma TVs but declined to say where it would get the plasma panels once sister company Samsung SDI Co Ltd pulls out of the business by end-November.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Kaththi  actor Vijay  director Murugadoss suedThe defamation case was filed here Tuesday in the magistrate's court.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Madurai | Posted: October 28, 2014 5:39 pm
Tamil actor Vijay, director A.R. Murugadoss and producers Lyca Production have been slapped with a defamation suit for making a reference to the 2G spectrum case in their recently released Tamil actioner ‘Kaththi’.
The defamation case was filed here Tuesday in the magistrate’s court.
According to complainant R. Ramasubramanian, a dialogue in the film suggested that corruption “had occurred” in the 2G spectrum case when the matter is still being heard in the court.
In ‘Kaththi’, Vijay mouths a dialogue that goes: “We live in a country filled with people that have looted crores of rupees using 2G waves. How can a film conclude that all those involved in the 2G spectrum case are corrupt when the case is still being heard in court? This dialogue portrays all those people in poor light and damages their dignity,” Ramasubramanian said.
The court granted permission to file the petition and adjourned the case till Nov 11.
‘Kaththi’, which released Oct 22, has turned out to be a blockbuster. It has raked in over Rs.50 crore in its opening week worldwide.

Christopher Nolan to visit India in December for IIT Bombay s cultural festival'Inception' director Christopher Nolan will reportedly visit India on December 28 to attend IIT Bombay's cultural festival Mood Indigo.
Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:22 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 6:05 pm
‘Inception’ director Christopher Nolan will reportedly visit India on December 28 to attend IIT Bombay’s cultural festival Mood Indigo.
The British director, who has a huge fan following in India with his films like ‘Insomnia’, ‘Memento’, ‘The Prestige’, Batman trilogy, ‘Inception’ and upcoming space drama ‘Interstellar’, will speak at Mood Indigo’s Illuminati programme.
“‘It’s not a mountain, it’s a wave.’ The 1st event of Illuminati 2014 is out- Christopher Nolan #NolanInIndia #MI2k14,” Mood Indigo tweeted.
The annual festival, which began in 1971, runs from December 26 to 28 this year. ‘Interstellar’, starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain,  will release in India on November 7.

Engineering exports up 20% in SeptemberOct 28, 2014, 06.00 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Engineering exports up 20% in September
India's engineering exports to Iran, Turkey and Jordan too have witnessed a healthy growth, EEPC India has said. The sector contributes about 25 percent in the country's total outbound shipments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Engineering exports up 20% in September
India's engineering exports to Iran, Turkey and Jordan too have witnessed a healthy growth, EEPC India has said. The sector contributes about 25 percent in the country's total outbound shipments.
Post your opinion here
 
India's engineering exports grew by over 20 percent year-on-year to USD 6.48 billion in September on account of high demand particularly in South Asia and Middle East nations.
In September last year, these exports were at USD 5.38 billion, according to the Commerce Ministry data. According to engineering exporters' body EEPC India, in the current fiscal, three countries in South Asia are in the top 25 destinations of India's engineering exports.
India's engineering exports to Iran, Turkey and Jordan too have witnessed a healthy growth, EEPC India has said. The sector contributes about 25 percent in the country's total outbound shipments.
It helped push India's exports, which rose by 2.73 percent to USD 28.9 billion in September. The country's total engineering exports for April- September this fiscal aggregated to about USD 35 billion.
Engineering exports include transport equipment, capital goods, other machinery/equipment and light engineering products like castings, forgings and fasteners. The other sectors which recorded a healthy growth in September include rice (17.7 per cent), coffee (13.39 pc), marine products (13.3 pc), mica, coal and other ores (7.88 pc), leather (13.72 pc), gems and jewellery (11 pc) and textiles (16 pc).
To further boost the country's exports, the government is expected to announce fiscal and non-fiscal incentives in the forthcoming foreign trade policy (FTP). It is expected to be released next month.
RELATED NEWS

This Airline Offers Rs 999 Flat Off on All TicketsYou are here: Home Industries
Air Costa Offers Rs 999 Flat Off on All Tickets
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 12:44 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Air Costa is offering its customers a flat discount of Rs 999 on all tickets and routes as part of its winter sale. Tickets can be booked till October 31, 2014 and the offer is valid for travel till March 28, 2015.
The offer is applicable on both economy and economy plus travel.The discounts are however not applicable on infants and groups, Air Costa said.
The airline predominantly operates in South India covering Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Vishakhapatnam, Coimbatore and Tirupati. It also flies to Jaipur in the north and Ahmedabad in the west.
AirAsia India, that also largely operates in Southern India, too is offering discounted rates for travel till March 31, 2015 for bookings made by November 2, 2014
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August.
(With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 13:25 (IST)

Why the polls are better than ever at predicting Senate racesBy Eric McGhee October 28
The growing volume of Senate polls has made predictions more accurate.  (Washington Post)
There has been a lot of concern about the quality of the polls this cycle, and those concerns have merit. Alaska does present some real polling challenges. Colorado has been mis-polled some in recent years. The polls do sometimes have a systematic bias, and are sometimes just wrong because the race is close and polling is an imperfect science. These are all legitimate worries, even now, just one week from Election Day.
However, in worrying about the polls this year, it’s important not to lose sight of an important long-term trend: there are a lot more polls than there used to be. And that matters for predictions.
In every election year from 1990 through 2002, there had been roughly 100 to 200 likely voter polls for Senate elections by this point in the election cycle. (These data were generously provided by The Upshot at the New York Times.)
But starting in 2004, the number of polls began to increase rapidly. The average between 2008 and 2012 has been over three times as large. The number of pollsters has also gone up, from an average of about 50 between 1990 and 2002, to about 80 between 2008 and 2012.
Of course, there may have been more polls in the past that have since been lost. When you’re putting together a dataset of polls after the fact, it’s harder to find older ones. But it’s tough to imagine that all this increase is a matter of accounting. There are simply more polls now than there used to be.
Regardless of the reason why there are more polls, having those polls makes the forecasts a lot more accurate. The graph below shows, from 1990 through 2012, the volume of polls and the accuracy of the predictions (using the Election Lab process) at one week before Election Day. Accuracy is measured with Brier scores, which capture the size of the average miss, such that lower values are better.
The two are pretty clearly related: as more polls become available, the accuracy of the prediction gets better. Brier scores are less than half what they used to be. Likewise, the number of missed predictions is also down, from an average of 2.5 in the earlier period to an average of 1.3 more recently.
Some of the effect of more polls is about sampling. Polls can be wrong just because they didn’t poll everyone in the electorate, so the more times you poll, the better your result. But this can’t be the whole story, because our process takes sampling error into account when it comes up with a probability.
Rather, I suspect some of it is the benefit that comes from lots of smart people tackling the same problem. More pollsters means more likely voter models. If we assume there’s no fraud or outright incompetence (not always a good assumption), then even an outlier poll is telling us that it’s possible to draw a sample of people, weight that sample a certain way, and get a different result than everyone else is getting. If nobody produces such a poll—even though lots of people are polling the race—it increases our confidence in the current prediction.
The number of polls and pollsters this cycle is on a par with the high numbers of recent elections. Of course, that’s no guarantee that the quality is the same, and some kind of systematic polling failure is always possible. Moreover, the relationship between more polls and higher accuracy isn’t perfect: the highest poll volume came in 2010, a year when the Election Lab process also miscalled more races.
But despite all the legitimate worries about the state of the polling industry and the quality of the polls this cycle, we ought to take a step back and give credit where credit is due. Looked at a certain way, it’s a golden age of polls.

Iran and China deepen a blue water friendship 
The Chinese frigate Changchun during a visit last month to Bandar Abbas in Iran. (Fars)
Last month, visitors to Bandar Abbas on Iran’s southern coast gathered to witness a never-seen-before event: two Chinese warships pulling into port.
It could be just the start of a budding naval alliance stretching from the Pacific to the Persian Gulf.
Iranian and Chinese commanders last week announced plans for greater maritime cooperation . While the details are vague, it clearly touches ambitions on both sides: Expanding the reach of their warships into faraway seas and new ports of call. And, at the same time, giving a jab at the United States and its preeminent naval power.
For China, the Iranian naval alliance offers a convenient way-station for Beijing’s widening outreach in Africa, and another bonding moment in the largely transactional ties between China and Iran. China needs Iran’s oil and gas, and Iran is happy to oblige to help offset Western-led sanctions over Tehran’s nuclear program.
A deepening Chinese-Iranian naval partnership also could be an extra win for Tehran. Iran often boasts about plans to modernize its fleet, but it remains limited to several diesel-electric submarines and a handful of frigate-class vessels, according to the U.S. Naval Institute . Chinese expertise could help fast-track some of Iran's goals, including integration of surveillance and attack drones onto its warships.
But no one is really talking about what could come. Few specifics emerged after Thursday’s meeting in Beijing between the chief of Iran’s navy, Rear Adm. Habibollah Sayyari, and his Chinese counterpart, Adm. Wu Shengli. Agreements were made to “further pragmatic cooperation and strengthen military-to-military ties,” China’s state-run Xinhua news agency reported without elaboration.
Both Iran and China have made it clear they seek to expand their so-called “blue water” navies – capable of long-range voyages in the open sea. The motives, however, are somewhat different. China is a rising naval power and hopes one day to muscle out the U.S. Navy presence in Asia. Iran seeks to use its much more modest navy to remind Washington its influence does not extend into international waters.
Last year, an Iranian destroyer and helicopter carrier docked at the Chinese port city of Zhangjiagang – near Shanghai – after a 40-day voyage. In early 2011, two Iranian navy vessels passed through the Suez Canal  and into the Mediterranean for the first time since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, raising alarm from arch-foe Israel.
The navy chief Sayyari has repeatedly pledged that Iranian warships will sail into the Atlantic to shadow the U.S. East Coast just outside American territorial waters. The threat is considered little more than bluster at the moment. But the point is made: If the U.S. Navy can maintain its 5th Fleet base in Bahrain – just across the Gulf from Iranian shores – then America shouldn’t be surprised to see Iranian ships near its coast someday.
“In the same way that the ‘world arrogance’ is present near our sea borders, we will have a powerful presence near the U.S. sea borders,” Sayyari said in 2011, using one of Iran’s mocking phrases to describe the United States.
Sayyari further promised that Iran was developing the naval capabilities to plant its flag on both poles. That day is still well beyond Iran’s reach. Most of its naval forces are designed to stay much closer to home: smaller craft patrolling the Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz at its mouth, the route for one-sixth of the world’s oil supply.
Still, Iran is ambitious. It has sent warships off the coast of Somalia to confront piracy, conducting their own patrols rather than work with an international coalition led by U.S. ships from the 5th Fleet.
“The totality of evidence indicates that Iranian maritime activity in support of the Iranian strategic objective of regional power and influence is evolving and expanding, not contracting,’’ said a June 2013 report by the Institute for the Study of War .
The two Chinese warships that docked last month in Iran – the destroyer Changchun and frigate Changzhou – were also returning from patrols in the Gulf of Aden and off Somalia to protect shipping lanes.
These are increasingly familiar waters for China, whose investments in Africa have risen steadily in tune with Beijing’s long-range policymaking. Beijing views Africa as fertile ground to cultivate reliable allies that will side with China on its key international agendas, such as opposition to Taiwan and various territorial claims. In the latest bid at boosting military ties, China last week began monthlong naval exercises with Tanzania in the Indian Ocean.
But China’s main “blue water” push is in the Pacific, where many Western military analysts believe Beijing’s goal is to one day force out U.S. bases. Last year, a member of China’s National Defense University acknowledged as much. Col. Lui Mingfu was quoted by Australian media as saying China wanted to push U.S. military interests to “east of the Pacific midline” and safeguard the western half for regional powers.
China and the United States have had some brushes in the Pacific, most recently in August, when a Chinese J-11 fighter buzzed a U.S. Navy P-8 Poseidon surveillance plane in the South China Sea – where China and other Asian nations hold competing territorial claims to several islands.
Mostly, however, the Chinese navy has been a spectator sport for the West and allies: Watching a construction boom that has brought the number of Chinese ships and submarines roughly on par to the U.S. strength in the region. The difference, many analysts say, are shortcomings in technology such as advanced sonar and other anti-submarine capabilities.
China wants to close those gaps. Its second aircraft carrier is under construction, estimated to be completed by 2018, according to state media. There's still a long way to go. The United States has 10 active carriers around the world.
Brian Murphy joined the Post after more than 20 years as a foreign correspondent and bureau chief for the Associated Press in Europe and the Middle East. He has reported from more than 50 countries and has written three books.

Halloween and public ignoranceThis Friday is Halloween, which should be a fun time for the whole family. Unfortunately, like most other days of the year, Halloween is haunted by the problem of political ignorance . For years, the media and some government officials have exploited public ignorance by spreading baseless rumors that nefarious people are trying to harm trick or treaters by putting poison or razor blades in their candy . These rumors persist even though research repeatedly shows that there is no basis for them . More recently, state and federal officials have made equally baseless claims that we need to worry about Halloween candy laced with marijuana .
For a more rational approach to issues related to Halloween, you may want to check out The Economics of the Undead , edited by economists Glen Whitman and James Dow. At the risk of ghoulishly shameless self-promotion, I note that my own contribution to the volume describes how political ignorance makes us more vulnerable to the undead. It’s called “Brain-Dead vs. Undead: Public Ignorance and the Political Economy of Responses to Vampires and Zombies.” The chapter focuses on how political ignorance plays a major role in stories about the undead from Bram Stoker’s classic Dracula, to Buffy the Vampire Slayer and World War Z. In each case, public ignorance makes the undead far more dangerous than they would be otherwise, in much the same way as voter ignorance often exacerbates real-world problems .
This Halloween, don’t be taken in by ghastly hype about deadly candy! But, sadly, we will continue to be haunted by the very real spectre of public ignorance.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Orbital Sciences rocket explodes after liftoff
Launch failed: Antares rocket explodes just seconds after liftoffA rocket that was to resupply the International Space Station blew up Tuesday night a few seconds after lift-off from Wallops Island, Va. (NASA)
 
For the latest Antares updates see: Rocket blows up seconds after launching
Update at 9 p.m. ET: The NASA press conference following the Antares rocket explosion is scheduled to begin momentarily. Watch live: NASA TV
 
Update at 7:06 p.m. ET: Local radar shows smoke from the Antares explosion in Wallops, Va.:
Doppler radar shows the explosion of the #Antares rocket. No injuries reported according to @NASA pic.twitter.com/ugY57LZgve
— Matt Daniel (@mattdanielwx) October 28, 2014
 
Update at 6:45 p.m. ET: NASA confirms that all personnel are accounted for, and there were no injuries in the Antares explosion.
Update at 6:40 p.m. ET: The team is gathering witness statements of the accident. An accident investigation team will be coordinated and led by Richard Straka, Deputy General Manager of Orbital’s Launch Systems Group. The investigation team will include representatives from NASA, Orbital, and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Wallops, Va.
Update at 6:30 p.m. ET: Just seconds after liftoff, the Antares rocket exploded and fell back to the ground.
The Orbital team is implementing its necessary procedures and investigating the cause of the failure. Officials on NASA TV have said that the damage appears to be limited to the facility, and there’s no indication that any personnel are in danger, but there is significant property and vehicle damage.
A news conference is forthcoming.
Live coverage is still in progress on NASA TV .
Original post, from this afternoon
The Antares rocket on Tuesday morning. (Orbital Sciences via Twitter )
Monday night’s Antares rocket launch was scrubbed when a sailboat entered the range. Fortunately, the weather is looking favorable for Tuesday’s “take two,” which is scheduled for 6:22 p.m.ET.
Photographers lined the tidal basin in Washington D.C. on Monday evening to capture a perfect shot of the rocket launch from Wallops Island, Va. The International Space Station was scheduled to pass overhead a few minutes later, providing an excellent opportunity for a unique photo.
Some love of science going on out here pic.twitter.com/ovylgQloah
— Ian Livingston (@islivingston) October 27, 2014
However, just as the final, 12-minute countdown was scheduled to begin, the launch process was put on hold for a “boat in range.”
After liftoff, the Antares rocket will fly eastward over the Atlantic Ocean. A safety range or launch hazard area of about 1,400 square miles is set up around the launch site so that in case of a failure, no one is at risk.
According to NASA Public Affairs Officer Stephanie Schierholz, public notifications were released to mariners in the vicinity of NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility. The notice outlined the consequences of disregarding the safety range, including fines and even arrest by the U.S. Coast Guard. It’s not yet known what action may have been taken against the passengers of the sailboat that scrubbed Monday night’s launch.
Schierholz described Monday’s hazard in an email:
On Monday evening, a small sailboat, about 26 feet long, entered the hazard zone early in the launch count. The radar aircraft detected the boat and hailed it several times, but there was no response. The spotter plane made multiple passes around the boat at low altitudes using commonly understood signals (wing waving) to establish contact; however the operator did not respond. The boat was traveling very slowly, about 4 knots, and remained in the hazard area at the time of our scheduled launch.
Business Insider writes that this isn’t the first time a rocket launch has been canceled due to something other than inclement weather:
In 2000, the launch of an Atlas rocket coincided with a fishing tournament and multiple boats steered into the restricted zones, so the launch was cancelled. Planes can also interfere and mission controllers must simply wait for the planes to fly clear of the rocket’s path — though sometimes these launch windows are very small — just minutes — and even a responsive interloper can become a major issue and cause the launch to be rescheduled.
The weather is looking favorable [update at 4:30 p.m.: somewhat favorable...] in the D.C. area for a successful launch on Tuesday evening, which is scheduled for 6:22 p.m. ET. Clouds ahead of an approaching cold front are pushing into the Mid-Atlantic, but skies are expected to stay just partly cloudy around D.C. through launch time. You should be able to see the launch through the breaks in the clouds.
At Wallops, Orbital Sciences says that the overall launch status is green as of Tuesday afternoon:
97% favorable weather, surface winds are currently 12 kts. Overall status is Green toward today’s #Antares launch at 6:22:38 EDT. #Orb3
— Orbital Sciences (@OrbitalSciences) October 28, 2014
If you’re planning to head outdoors, a map from Orbital illustrates when the rocket will be visible in the sky. In D.C., this is about 90 seconds after launch. You’ll want to be looking toward the southeast. Live coverage of the launch begins on NASA TV at 5:30 p.m. ET.
(Orbital Sciences)

IBM scaling down India business  MD to retur...You are here: Home > Collections > Software
IBM scaling down India business, MD Vanitha Narayanan to return to US
Pankaj Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
IBM
(IBM's India headcount is…)
BANGALORE: A decade after IBM put India at the core of its global strategy for software services, by building an army of engineers, the company is shedding staff, scaling down investments and even shuffling the top leadership in the country. Already, from around 1.65 lakh employees on its payroll by 2011, IBM's India headcount has now fallen to around 1.13 lakh and set to slide to 1 lakh by March 2015, according to people familiar with the company's plans.
IBM India managing director Vanitha Narayanan, who relocated from the United States in January last year, is planning to return as part of a major organisational rejig. "IBM is looking to rationalise high cost executives assigned across the markets and bring them back to the US," a source said.
"Such executives cost anywhere between $7,00,00 and over $1 million annually, apart from local country market costs," he added. Another person familiar with the developments added that Narayanan's possible return to the US has "nothing to do with India performance, but a part of global realignment of senior resources."
IBM India said in a statement that it "continues to invest in India" and that it has "more than 3,000 open positions" for jobs in the company. "Narayanan continues to lead India (and) the rumour (about her move to the US) is completely unfounded," according to IBM.
CHEAP LABOUR NO MORE THE 'SILVER BULLET'
As IBM attempts to script another turnaround in over a century of its existence, lowcost software services are no more the silver bullet that helped it come out of "a neardeath experience" in the late nineties. With aggressive disruptors such as Amazon and Google, cloud computing is the new battlefront, threatening models that rely on low-cost labour.
And that explains the shift in IBM's priorities, company insiders said."India is important, but not critical to IBM's survival like the time when Sam Palmisano brought entire board of the company to Bangalore in 2004," said a person familiar with the changes. "Things are looking quite different from 2011 — I now see half-empty floors, paid parking slots and no free coffee at times," said an IBM employee.
Now, software robots from companies such as IPSoft, and IBM's very own Watson, are being applied to automate projects, reducing dependence on engineers and support staff. Already, IBM has an internal project called 'Dynamic Automation' that is aimed at reducing dependency on human engineers by deploying software robots and automation tools. What IBM is doing is not surprising, said Rishikesha Krishnan, director and professor of strategy at Indian Institute of Management-Indore.
 
"IBM got into plain vanilla services rather late and that has pretty much run its course now. So they have to find a new business model," he said. The trend away from labour-intensive software services is the biggest driver for top MNCs including IBM to be looking elsewhere for talent.
Vinnie Mirchandani, a former Gartner analyst and CEO of boutique advisory firm Deal Architect, said companies such as IBM are looking to build newer talent teams in regions beyond India. "In areas like social marketing, security, mobile app development, IBM and other firms are developing talent pools in newer global regions and so are not as dependent on India," Mirchandani said.
BIG BLUES
Earlier this month, sales at Big Blue fell short of analysts' expectations as its legacy businesses start to slow down while the company's CEO Ginni Rometty pushes ahead with a strategy to improve margins. IBM's revenue fell for the tenth consecutive quarter in the third quarter of 2014 (ended September) to $22.4 billion.
In India, the company was embroiled in allegations of fraud, following which its contract with India's largest telecom company Bharti Airtel was renegotiated.
For its part, IBM has signed some new contracts in the past year in India and Narayanan's tenure has seen its bright sparks. In July, IBM closed a Rs 550-crore deal with microfinance firm Janalakshmi Financial Services. For the first time, IBM is also setting up a cloud data centre in India. The new centre will be a part of 15 new IBM cloud centres that will come up across the world.
But all this is yet to make up for the lost momentum IBM had few years ago in India's outsourcing market when it rode a fresh wave of outsourcing by the country's growing telecom companies. Indeed, IBM India's revenue for the year ending March 2013 rose by 12% to $3.2 billion, but profit fell 20% for the same period (fromRs 1,520.8 crore to 1,218.2 crore).
Meanwhile, Indian IT services companies such as Wipro have also started on a journey to become leaner. ET reported in September that the company which has 1.46 lakh employees is aiming to slim its workforce down by a third by focusing on automation.
Behind this realignment of payrolls is a growing trend of doing more with less. For instance, Indian IT companies only added 13,000 employees for every billion dollars of revenue in the 12 months to March 2014 as against 26,500 employees the year ago, according to Nasscom. "IBM is shrinking workforces not just in India," Mirchandani said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama starts campaign swing in Milwaukee with a directive: voteBy Katie Zezima October 28 Follow @katiezez
Obama kicked off a five-state campaign blitz Tuesday with an appearance at a rally for Wisconsin gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke. EPA/MATT MARTON
MILWAUKEE – President Obama kicked off a five-state blitz of campaigning for Democrats here Tuesday with a directive: vote, and urge as many people as you know to do so.
Appearing at a rally for Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke, the president urged the enthusiastic crowd of more than 3,500 to get to the polls on Election Day -- or vote early.
“Your vote will decide the course that Wisconsin takes. So don’t let anybody tell you your vote doesn’t matter. It’s just not true. It’s an excuse. Don’t let anyone stand in your way,” Obama said. His focus on casting ballots comes in a state where the issue of voting has been the subject of years of litigation. Earlier this month the Supreme Court  blocked  Wisconsin from implementing a controversial voter ID law in the midterm election
The president has been shunned by a number of vulnerable Democrats enmeshed in tight races, and Democrats on Capitol Hill are at loggerheads over whether he is helping or hurting the party. So he has embarked on a truncated campaign schedule that takes him far from the tightest Senate races and instead to places where he can galvanize his core supporters -- people who don't often turn out for midterm elections.
If Obama is on friendly turf anywhere it is here, in a Milwaukee ward where more than 99 percent of residents cast ballots for Obama.
Indeed, the president stuck to accomplishments and proposals that have broad support among his base, including universal health care and an increased minimum wage, and spoke about his modest background, as well as that of First Lady Michelle Obama, whose father was a municipal worker. Without mentioning him by name, Obama criticized Gov. Scott Walker (R) who pushed forward a law that curbed the collective bargaining rights of unions.
Burke, Obama said, "believes that working people pare the backbone of the country. She doesn’t think working people are the problem, she thinks working people are the solution.”
In Wisconsin, Obama said, "the biggest corporations don’t need another champion.”
Obama also ripped Republicans here for repealing a statewide fair pay law.
"Why would you want to repeal a law that makes sure women are treated fairly on the job. That’s your platform that’s your agenda?" Obama asked. "It just don’t make no sense.”
Obama's week of campaigning will take him to other Democratic strongholds, including Detroit, where he won 97.5 percent of the vote, and Philadelphia.
 

India Ranked 142 in Latest  Ease of Doing Business  Report: World BankIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Washington: India has been placed at 142 among 189 countries in the latest World Bank's "Ease of Doing Business" report released today, a drop by two places from the last year's ranking.
The drop in India's ranking from last year's 134 is mainly because other nations have performed much better, bank officials said.
In the 2014 report, India had 52.78 points and in this year's report it has 53.97 points.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the latest slew of measures taken by Modi Government to make India a business friendly destination.
"We do not want to send the impression that the drop in India's ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation (government)," Augusto Lopez-Claros, Director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics, World Bank Group said.
"It is absolutely true that the new government of Mr Modi has made it very clear that they see the creation of a better investment climate and a more friendly business friendly environment in India a top priority. However, it is important to remember that the new government did not come into office until the second half of May," he said.
Highly appreciative of the steps taken by the new Indian Government, World Bank officials, however, asserted that there was a very high likelihood of India significantly jumping up the ladder in the next ease of doing business.
Singapore with 88.27 points occupies the top position in the ease of doing business followed by New Zealand, Hong Kong, Denmark and South Korea.
Among other major countries, the US has been ranked seventh, Britain (eight), China (90), Sri Lanka (99), Nepal (108), Maldives (116), Bhutan (125), and Pakistan (128).
In a conference call with reporters, World Bank officials cautioned against linking the latest ranking with the steps taken by the new Indian Government.
Noting that the cut off of ease of doing business is May 31st, Lopez said whatever the government would do and whatever is in the pipeline is going to have an impact on these indicators only next year.
When asked about the ambition of the new Indian Government to move up the ladder and gain a ranking within top 50 countries, Lopez said, "There is no reason, why not?".
"Absolutely, it can be done. There are many examples of countries who through focused efforts, through intelligently designed reforms have managed to make very substantial improvement," he said.
Though India did drop a little bit in terms of its ranking, the ease of doing business has improved over the last 12 months, he said.
Rita Ramalho, lead author of the Doing Business report, World Bank said India's ranking dropped, despite improvement in its business environment, because other countries improved.
"There is a continuous improvement across the world. India improved, but others improved at a faster pace," Ramalho said.
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 10:50 (IST)

Rupee up 7 paise against US dollar ahead of Fed outcomeForex update: Rupee ends at over one-week low of 61.35 on high US dollar demand
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 18:16 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee depreciated by three paise on Wednesday, extending losses for the third straight day, to end at an over one-week low of 61.35 against the Greenback on increased dollar demand from importers ahead of US Federal Reserve policy meeting outcome.
According to a forex dealer, however, strong domestic equity market , fresh capital outflows and a weak dollar overeas capped the fall in the domestic currency to a major extent.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced higher at 61.26 a dollar from Tuesday's close of 61.32 and immediately touched a high of 61.25. Intra-day, it fell back to a low of 61.36 before ending at 61.35 - registering a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
This is its weakest closing level since its October 20 closing level at 61.36.
The local unit had fallen three paise on Monday and two paise on Tuesday .
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group, CEO, said, "Rupee continues to trade in a tight range... Traders are eagerly waiting for the outcome of the Federal Reserve's two-day policy meeting with the anticipation that the Federal Reserve won't raise interest rates for some time. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80."
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex surged by 217.35 points (or 0.81 per cent) on Wednesday to end at a five-week high of 27,098.17.
The dollar index was trading lower by 0.06 per cent against its major global rivals. Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) sold shares worth US $11.60 million on Tuesday, as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).

Fed set to end one crisis even as global ris...Fed set to end one crisis chapter even as global risks rise
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 11.36AM IST
0
Share More
The Fed is likely to announce at the end of a two-day meeting that it will no longer add to its holdings of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday is expected to shutter its bond-buying program, closing one controversial chapter in its crisis response even as it struggles to manage a full return to normal monetary policy.
The Fed is likely to announce at the end of a two-day meeting that it will no longer add to its holdings of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, halting the final $15 billion in monthly purchases under a program that at its peak pumped $85 billion a month into the financial system.
An important symbolic step, the end of the purchases still leaves the Fed far from a normal posture. Its balance sheet has swollen to more than $4 trillion, interest rates remain at zero, and, if anything, recent events have increased the risk the US central bank may need to keep propping up the economy for longer than had been expected just a few weeks ago.
The statement the Fed will issue at 2 p.m. (1800 GMT) will be read carefully for signs of how weak inflation, ebbing global growth and recent financial market volatility have influenced US policymakers. There is no news conference scheduled after the meeting and no fresh economic forecasts from Fed officials.
"They are worried about the economy, the global one," and are likely to leave much of their language intact rather than signal progress towards a rate hike, Morgan Stanley analyst Vincent Reinhart wrote in a preview of the meeting.
Attention will focus on whether the Fed's statement continues to refer to "significant" slack in the US labor market, and whether it retains language indicating rates will remain low for a "considerable time," as most economists expect.
Paul Edelstein, director of financial economics at IHS Global Insight, said the Fed may also need to acknowledge the inflation outlook is weakening.
"They have been kind of wrong about inflation lately," Edelstein said. "It would behoove them to do something - signal to markets they are not going to tolerate inflation and inflation expectations persistently below 2 percent."
Fed officials have largely stuck to forecasts that the US economy will grow around 3 percent this year, with inflation poised to move gradually back to their 2 percent goal.
However, slower-than-expected global growth and falling oil prices have called that inflation outlook into question.
Investors have recently pushed their expectations for an initial rate hike back to late next year as a result, although a number of top Fed officials recently said they think the US central bank is still on track to bump up borrowing costs in mid-2015.
The Fed's third round of bond buying closes to mixed reviews. Officials argue it helped hold down long-term interest rates, keeping borrowing costs cheaper for companies and households. Others maintain it did little more than prop up stock prices.
The end of the program won't immediately lead to a decline in the Fed's bloated balance sheet.
For now, it plans to continue reinvesting the proceeds of securities that mature, part of an effort to keep many aspects of its monetary accommodation in place. As it stands, officials do not plan to allow the Fed's balance sheet to decline until after interest rates begin to rise.

Centre submits black money holders  list  but SC chooses not to name anyoneCentre submits black money holders' list to SC, but names to remain secret
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 16:36  IST
Oct 29 2014, 16:36  IST
 

Priyanka Chopra to begin shoot for Madamji from November30Print
Director Madhur Bhandarkar is all set for his next film with Priyanka Chopra titled Madamji. The National Award winning filmmaker, who is currently busy with Calendar Girls, was to start work on the Priyanka Chopra starrer on November 1 but now reports are that it has been delayed.
By: BollywoodHungama.com | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:18 pm
Director Madhur Bhandarkar is all set for his next film with Priyanka Chopra titled Madamji. The National Award winning filmmaker, who is currently busy with Calendar Girls, was to start work on the Priyanka Chopra starrer on November 1 but now reports are that it has been delayed.
Priyanka Chopra , who was shooting for ‘Bajirao Mastani’, had recently tweeted about suffering from conjunctivitis . Though the actress is currently on her way to recovery, her ailment seems to have affected the shoot of the Madhur Bhandarkar directorial too.
The spokesperson of filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar confirmed the story and mentioned that the shooting has been postponed for a month and will commence from November 30.
‘Madamji’ will show the journey and struggles of an item girl who climbs the ladder of success and becomes a politician. The film is said to travel across different cities of India and will be mainly shot in Bhopal, Delhi, Johanpur, Lucknow and Mumbai.
Priyanka Chopra turns producer for the first time with Madamji and will be co-producing it with Ram Mirchandani.

Are you ready for the Jazz Utsav thisweekendPrint
Jazz Utsav is back to Delhi (Source: http://www.jazzutsav.in/)
Written by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:15 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:21 pm
Delhiites, want to jazz up your weekend? Gear up for a musical weekend as the three-day Jazz Utsav comes calling this Friday, to be organised at Siri Fort Auditorium, Delhi. Featuring nine bands from eight countries, the festival which was formerly known as the Jazz Yatra enters its 30th year this time.
The festival has moved from outdoors to indoors, over the years. “We started out with big stars in the early years, playing by the swimming pool at the Ashoka and later at the Vasant Continental. Great musicians like Max Roach and Freddie Hubbard, Stephane Grapelli and Jan Garbarek,” Astri Ghosh, Festival coordinator shares with Indian Express Online.
“Having the festival outdoors was fun, the ambience was great, but in the nineties we moved indoors. Through the years we have had a loyal audience, some of whom started coming in 1984, and some people who have discovered jazz in recent years. I get very happy when I hear college students standing outside the gate before the show begins, talking with great enthusiasm about John Coltrane,” adds Ghosh.
So what can Jazz lovers and festival fans can expect this time? “We have never featured a band from Spain before, but this year one of the acts is the Diego Amador Trio, which combines flamenco jazz with gypsy music and classical and modern jazz. We have also established links with the San Sebastian jazz festival in Spain, and will have a small exhibition of  photographs from that festival at Siri Fort,” says Ghosh.
“We have nine bands from eight countries at the Utsav this time, two bands from the US,  the Steve Davis Quartet and the David Hazeltine Trio. Steve Davis is  a well known trombone player, and we rarely get to listen to the trombone here at the Jazz Utsav , so I am excited about that.”
It seems Delhi is eagerly awaiting the fest for there’s a lot of response on ticket windows as well as Facebook. “Usually people start asking us for tickets a few weeks before the event, and this year we have had a lot of people asking us for tickets ahead of time as well. There has been quite a lot of response on Facebook, so  I hope that we will see a lot of people at the festival.”
The artists performing at the fest are excited about being in India. “The Deborah J Carter Quartet came on Monday and held a workshop at the India International Centre. They are really excited about being at the Jazz Utsav this weekend. For the Diego Amador Trio, the Spanish band that is here right now, performing at the jazz Utsav is a dream come true.  They are  a gypsy band and are thrilled to be in the land where the gypsies came from, playing jazz!”
So if you have made up your mind about continued…

Sena at sea over BJP inactionUpdated: October 30, 2014 00:17 IST
Sena to wait one more day for BJP’s response
Alok Deshpande
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray addresses the newly elected party MLAs at a meeting at Sena Bhavan in Mumbai recently. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
Maharashtra
The party leaders are going to meet this evening.
As the BJP continues to test its patience, the Shiv Sena is apparently giving up hope. With no breakthrough in its talks with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) over participation in the new Maharashtra government, the Shiv Sena leadership on Wednesday decided to wait one more day for a positive response from the BJP.
The Sena leadership held a two-hour long meeting on Wednesday evening to discuss the party’s future strategy.
“We have informed Uddhavji about the proceedings so far. Any decision on supporting the BJP or participating in a new government will be taken in a day’s time,” said Sena spokesperson and Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut.
The Sena has already submitted its proposal seeking 13 ministerial berths and Deputy Chief Minister’s post. However, the BJP leadership has not yet responded.
It won’t be easy for the Sena to entirely snap ties with the BJP as it runs the cash-rich Mumbai and several other municipalities in Maharashtra with the support of the latter. At a juncture when it has lost all bargaining power with the BJP, it could ill-afford rash decisions.
Blanket support
On Tuesday, after the newly elected legislators of the BJP elected Devendra Fadnavis as their leader, paving the way for him to become the Chief Minister, BJP’s in-charge in Maharashtra J.P. Nadda had said his party’s desire was that the Sena should be part of the new government. Technically both parties are on the same page on the role in the government, but the hitch is the terms. The BJP wants the Sena to extend blanket support and leave other aspects to it.
But the Sena is not willing to play ball.

Pope Francis says Big Bang theory does not contradict role ofGodPope: The 'Big Bang', that today is considered to be the origin of the world, does not contradict the creative intervention of God, on the contrary it requires it. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Vatican City | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:31 pm
Scientific theories including the “Big Bang” believed to have brought the universe into being 13.7 billion years ago and the idea that life developed through a process of evolution do not conflict with Catholic teaching, Pope Francis said on Tuesday.
Addressing a meeting of the Pontificial Academy of Sciences, an independent body housed in the Vatican and financed largely by the Holy See, Francis said scientific explanations for the world did not exclude the role of God in creation.
“The beginning of the world is not the work of chaos that owes its origin to something else, but it derives directly from a supreme principle that creates out of love,” he said.
“The ‘Big Bang’, that today is considered to be the origin of the world, does not contradict the creative intervention of God, on the contrary it requires it,” he said.
“Evolution in nature is not in contrast with the notion of (divine) creation because evolution requires the creation of the beings that evolve,” the pope said.
The Church once opposed early scientific explanations of the universe that contradicted the account of creation in the Bible, famously condemning the 17th century astronomer Galileo Galilei who showed that the earth revolved around the sun.
However, more recently it has sought to shed its image as an enemy of science and the pope’s comments largely echoed statements from his predecessors.
Pope Pius XII described evolution as a valid scientific approach to the development of humans in 1950 and Pope John Paul reiterated that in 1996.
In 2011, the former Pope Benedict said scientific theories on the origin and development of the universe and humans, while not in conflict with faith, left many questions unanswered.

Court issues summons to Dayanidhi Maran  four companies in Aircel-MaxiscasePrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:26 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:53 pm
A special court formed to probe the 2G case issued summons on Wednesday to former communications minister Dayanadhi Maran as an accused in connection with the Aircel-Maxis deal case.
The special court taking cognizance of the chargesheet filed in the case, has issued summons to former minister, his brother Kalanithi Maran, Kuala Lumpur-based businessman T Ananda Krishnan, official of the Malyasia-based Maxis group Augustus Ralph Marshal and four other companies including the Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd. The court has issued the summons to the accused on March 2, 2015.
Special Judge O P Saini, taking cognizance of the chargesheet, said that there is enough incriminating material on the record against each of the accused.
“I have carefully gone through the copy FIR, chargesheet, statement of witnesses. On perusal of record I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material to proceed against the accused,” the judge said.

Sensex Reclaims 27 000  Auto Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Gain, Tracking Firm Global Markets
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 11:08 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty moved higher today, buoyed by a rally in global markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve policy statement. The US Federal Reserve wraps up its two-day policy meeting later today. The Sensex rose over 150 points to hit 27,062 at day's high while Nifty rose to 8,081.05. However, markets pared some gains in early noon trade with Nifty up 30 points while Sensex rose 112 points to 26,992.
Top Things to Know
Auto stocks were in limelight with Tata Motors and M&M rising 3 per cent and 1.6 per cent.
Shares in Hero MotoCorp gained over 1.2 per cent after the Reserve Bank of India allowed FII investment of up to 49 percent.
Among other bluechips Infosys added 1.2 per cent and Reliance Industries advanced 0.63 per cent.
Some profit-taking was seen in banking stocks after a seven-day rally. Banking stocks have gained sharply in past seven sessions in hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India. IndusInd Bank, SBI and Kotak Mahindra Bank were down nearly 0.50 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE midcap index rising 0.4 per cent and smallcap index 0.65 per cent.
The rupee traded marginally higher at 61.2750 versus previous close of 61.32/33. Most Asian currencies were trading stronger against the dollar.
The US Federal Reserve ends its two-day policy meeting later today at which it is expected to end its bond purchases known as quantitative easing three (QE3), amid signs of strength in the US economy. Investors would be keenly awaiting the next guidance from the Federal Reserve on whether it will hike US interest rates sooner or keep them lower for longer.
The Federal Reserve is likely to reinforce its stated willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
Asian shares advanced to one-month highs on Wednesday, helped by Wall Street which gained on optimism over corporate earnings and prospects the U.S. Federal Reserve will reaffirm its willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates.
(With Agency Inputs)

Hero MotoCorp Gains on RBI s FII Investment ApprovalShares in Hero MotoCorp gained today after the Reserve Bank of India allowed FII investment of up to 49 per cent.
Hero MotoCorp shares were up 1.2 per cent to 3,072.35 rupees as of 9:50 a.m.
Also, sales boost seen due to festive demand, said traders.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

CCL Products Shares Hit All-time HighInstant coffee processor CCL Products India rose as much as 11 per cent on Wednesday and marked an all-time high of Rs140.30.
The company's consolidated net profit in September-quarter rose 29 per cent to Rs 26.14 crore ($4.27 million).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jubilant Life Plunges After Posting Wider LossYou are here: Home Market
Jubilant Life Plunges After Posting Wider Loss
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 10:38 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares in Jubilant Life Sciences plunges 14.2 per cent to a two-week low.
The company reported a net loss of Rs 94.1 crore in the September quarter, compared with a net loss of Rs 80.58 crore posted a year ago.
Macquarie Securities cut its EPS estimates for the company to Rs 23.6 and Rs 30.3 for FY15 and FY16 from Rs 26 and Rs 33.3.
"We believe free cash flow generation and margin recovery are quintessential for investors to regain confidence," it added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Why cash-rich Just Dial sought board nod for fund raisingWe will raise only if an opportunity arises and anything else will be purely speculative.
Ramkumar Krishnamachari
CFO
Just Dial
Local search-service provider Just Dial  has got an approval from its board to raise funds up to Rs 1,000 crore. This was despite the company having cash reserves of about Rs 750 crore on its books.
Discussing the same with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, the firm’s CFO Ramkumar Krishnamachari said the management had sought the board nod only for an enabling resolution, and funds would be raised only if an appropriate opportunity arose. “Otherwise we are going to let this resolution pass. Lots of companies do that,” he said.
He also added that the company would utilize its existing cash reserves first should an opportunity arise before going to market for further funds. “Historically, we have been extremely prudent in the way we use our cash.”
Below is the edited transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: I wanted to talk about the board approval to raise funds to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore. You already are sitting on cash of Rs 750 crore on your books. What was the need for this additional fund raising and what would the money be used for?
A: This is only an enabling resolution. We do not need cash right now. We are not looking to raise money right now. This is just: should an appropriate opportunity of a strategic nature arise, we will come to the market and utilise this cash, otherwise we are going to let this resolution pass. Lots of companies do that. They take an enabling resolution so that they are ready if it is needed.
Right now, my business continues to generate cash. I am sitting on a healthy cash balance. I do not need the cash to run my business right now. It is purely an enabling resolution and that's about it. Do we have any identified utilisation opportunity right now? Definitely nothing.
It is purely something that the board has given us so that we are not constrained tomorrow should something come up so that we can go ahead and raise. We are not looking to raise and keep the cash. Let me underline that: we are not going to hold cash we are not going to raise it and keep it and wait for an opportunity.
Latha: Out of the blue, a board does not give permission to a management to raise such a large sum of money especially when you have a large sum of money [on your balance sheet]. Hence, the market is doubting as to what you are planning? Do have something in mind in terms of a big acquisition or is it that at this point in time private equity (PE) investors and well-lined investors in general, are very kind towards digital companies, so you simply want to strike when the iron is hot?
A: As I mentioned, we don’t have anything specific at this point of time. Lot of companies take these kinds of resolutions so that they are armed should an opportunity arise. Definitely this space is hot and lots of action is happening. We believe that should something interesting come up, we are not constrained. As of now we do not have any so it is just an enabling provision, that’s about it.
Latha: Have you passed this enabling resolution because there is a lot of money flowing in? Have a lot of investors approached you or are you seeing a lot of investors ready to get in to in to the digital space?
A: Definitely we are a key player in this space and we are a leading player in our segment as well. We are foraying in to e-commerce and other areas. Lots is happening in the transaction space. We do get enquiries from time to time but as I mentioned these are things, which are happening in a business-as-usual manner. We will raise only if an opportunity arises and anything else will be purely speculative. By nature, historically, we have been extremely prudent in the way we use our cash.
During the IPO we did not raise cash and the money that we raise is safely invested so we are going to be extremely prudent with our existing cash itself. If something comes up, we will first utilize the existing money before I go to the market and raise more money.
Sonia: In terms of growth opportunities from hereon. You have some new launches that are expected: Just Dial Cash, online cab booking which is become a huge thing now. Just tell us about when these are expected to come on board and what will it really do to your revenue trajectory say in the next couple of years?
A: These are definitely exciting things some of these are disruptive to existing business models. Looking at the lakhs of vendor base and millions of relationships we have, we are providing an enabling platform. Some of these verticals are quite exciting especially the cab space, the travel space, the doctor space, the restaurant space and most important the e-commerce space.
What we are doing is that today, the product is getting ready to be launched for mass communication. Which is why we are building a great product that will be communicated to users in Q4. Starting with Q4 we sort of have to build up the traffic, communicate the value proposition of the product to the user. They will be immense benefit to them in terms of saving money and time and the whole convenience of doing all these things on a single platform.
Our belief is that the value proposition to the user for many of these platforms is immense. It is only a question of communicating to them, which we will start doing and also vendors will realize that since consumers are going online is this an online platform with which they can have a level-playing field and they can get a slice of the online pie? With the aggregated transaction we make the money. Monetisation should start sometime in 2016 in my view.
As I mentioned that there will be five sources of revenue that we will have come 2016 one is the core search revenue which is already continuing, second will be the transaction fee for many of this search plus transaction, third will be the subscription fee for some of the vendor application which we are building, fourth will be the shop front fee which we will have for many of the millions of small-medium business; and fifth will be the banner and the banner advertising that has already been started right now. So we are confident that search plus will scale up and start contributing to the bottom-line and top-line.
Latha: If and when you look for acquisitions and I am sure you already being looking for them because you are sitting on a pile of cash what kind of acquisitions will interest you?
A: As I mentioned we are constantly looking out if there are interesting technologies that are available for us to sort of accelerate or go to market or technologies that we can acquire. That can complement our existing business. These are things that we keep looking and we are extremely prudent when it comes to spending money and spending on something we have never acquired in the history of our company.
You have to realise that if and only if we find something very interesting and of value we will look at it otherwise technology has been our core competence, and we build lots of things on our own. Only if something can accelerate our go-to-market or complement our existing products [will we look at it] but nothing interesting so far at this point of time.
Latha: What are the odds that before the fiscal year is out you will have identified an acquisition target?
A: By the end of this year? Very low.
Just Dial stock price
On December 05, 2014, Just Dial closed at Rs 1520.80, down Rs 22.9, or 1.48 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1894.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 983.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 17.54 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 86.7. The latest book value of the company is Rs 75.94 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 20.03.
RELATED NEWS

Satish Ramanathan positive on pharma  healthcare sectorLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Satish Ramanathan positive on pharma, healthcare sector
Satish Ramanathan, market analyst has a positive view on pharma, healthcare and agricultural sector.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Satish Ramanathan, market analyst told CNBC-TV18, "Thematically we still like pharma, agricultural and the healthcare sector. These are the three sectors where we are very positive on. We also like some of the industrial capital goods and the India manufacturing theme the 'Make in India' theme."
"We are fairly positive and we like the long-term macro stories. We like healthcare, defensive and agricultural sector and we also like the manufacturing sector where there is clear technological leadership," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Hindusthan Safety Glass  board meeting on November 08  2014Oct 29, 2014, 01.38 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindusthan Safety Glass' board meeting on November 08, 2014
Hindusthan Safety Glass Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 08, 2014, to consider and approve the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hindusthan Safety Glass' board meeting on November 08, 2014
Hindusthan Safety Glass Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 08, 2014, to consider and approve the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Hindusthan Safety Glass Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 08, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve the following matters:1. The Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014.2. Appointment of Additional Director & Independent Director of the Company.Source : BSE

Nifty races towards 8100 ahead of expiry; BHEL falls 1%Oct 29, 2014, 11.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty races towards 8100 ahead of expiry; BHEL falls 1%
Tata Motors, M&M, Tata Steel, Hindalco and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex. NTPC, GAIL, BHEL, Sesa Sterlite and Sun Pharma are among the laggards.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty races towards 8100 ahead of expiry; BHEL falls 1%
Tata Motors, M&M, Tata Steel, Hindalco and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex. NTPC, GAIL, BHEL, Sesa Sterlite and Sun Pharma are among the laggards.
Post your opinion here
11:01
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am S&P report: India's plan to grant new banking licences to companies could increase risks in the banking sector given the chance that new entrants could be lax about loan standards, Standard & Poor's said in a report . The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is cautiously opening up India's banking sector to companies.
The RBI awarded two new licences in April after a gap of 10 years in a country where only one household in two has access to formal banking services. The central bank will come out with fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences, or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
11:30 am Results impact: Brokerages are bearish on Nestle India as third quarter (July-September) earnings were tepid. Shares of the FMCG major, however, was up 2 percent intraday.
Credit Suisse maintains underperform rating and reduced earnings by 4 percent on subdued volume growth. "The stock trades at 42 times one-year forward earnings which is at its peak valuation in the last 15 years. There has been no change in company strategy with a continued focus on portfolio rationalisation and margins. We do not see recent new launches such as Maggi Oats as material innovations which can move the needle," it said in a note.
The FMCG major's consolidated net profit was up 9.22 percent at Rs 311.29 crore in third quarter, as subdued demand continued to impact the sector. Its sales rose to Rs 2,557.8 crore, up 8.92 percent in Q3.  It said high input cost especially higher cost of milk pressurised performance in September quarter.
Goldman Sachs also maintains sell rating with a reduced target of Rs 4443 from Rs 4460 per share.
Don't miss: Hero MotoCorp up 2% after RBI hikes foreign investment cap
The market is holding on to its gains ahead of October F&O expiry tomorrow. The Nifty is up 33.30 points at 8060.90. The Sensex is up 128.53 points at 27009.35. About 1381 shares have advanced, 869 shares declined, and 91 shares are unchanged.
Tata Motors, M&M, Tata Steel, Hindalco and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex. NTPC, GAIL, BHEL, Sesa Sterlite and Sun Pharma are among the laggards.
Gold steadied near USD 1,230 an ounce, clinging to modest gains from the previous session, ahead of the next guidance from the Federal Reserve on whether it will hike US interest rates sooner or keep them lower for longer.
The Fed wraps up its two-day policy meeting later on Wednesday at which it is expected to end its bond purchases amid signs of strength in the US economy. But policymakers will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
Global markets are firm as the Dow tops 17000 , extending its gains to the fourth straight day. Strong consumer confidence data that hit 7-year high and good earnings from Facebook boosts US markets.
 

Jubilant Life tanks 13%  Q2 loss widens; Macquarie positiveOct 29, 2014, 12.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jubilant Life tanks 13%, Q2 loss widens; Macquarie positive
However, Macquarie has an outperform rating on the stock with a target of Rs 220 per share but has cut  FY15/ FY16E earnings per share to Rs 23.60/Rs 30.30.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jubilant Life tanks 13%, Q2 loss widens; Macquarie positive
However, Macquarie has an outperform rating on the stock with a target of Rs 220 per share but has cut  FY15/ FY16E earnings per share to Rs 23.60/Rs 30.30.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jubilant Life Sciences tanked 13 percent intraday on Wednesday after it reported dismal July-September quarter results. The drug company’s net loss widened to Rs 94.11 crore in Q2 from Rs 80.58 in year-ago period.  
During the quarter, its net sales fell around 4 percent to Rs 1362.11 crore. Its EBITDA margin fell to 8.1 percent primarily due to warning letter at Spokane and slowdown in Advanced Intermediates business in Chinese market. 
However, Macquarie has an outperform rating on the stock with a target of Rs 220 per share but has cut  FY15/ FY16E earnings per share to Rs 23.60/Rs 30.30.
According to the brokerage, margins recovery will be the key. The company expects margin to recover going forward as Montreal facility is back to normal production and the Spokane facility will resume full production by 4Q FY15.
At 12:04 hrs Jubilant Life Sciences was quoting at Rs 148.00, down Rs 16.85, or 10.22 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Cause Sought for Space-Supply Rocket ExplosionThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Adani hires consultant for $6.2bn Australian...Adani Enterprises hires consultant Parsons Brinckerhoff for $6.2 bn Australian coal project
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 09.31AM IST
0
Share More
"We are well placed to commence construction in the first quarter of 2015 in line with our guidance of first coal in 2017," Adani Mining Chief Executive Jeyakumar Janakaraj said in a statement.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MELBOURNE: Adani Enterprises has hired consulting firm Parsons Brinckerhoff to manage contract reviews for its long-delayed A$7 billion ($6.2 billion) coal mine , rail and port project as it looks to start production by the end of 2017.
Adani said on Wednesday the consultant would provide quality control and audit services for engineering, procurement and construction contracts, in the latest sign Adani is trying to push ahead with a mine it originally aimed to open this year.
With coal prices at five-year lows and up to a third of all Australian production running at a loss, much bigger companies than Adani, like BHP Billiton and Glencore , have shelved new coal projects in Australia.
Adani earlier this year lined up South Korea's POSCO Engineering & Construction Co Ltd to build the rail line for the Carmichael mine and bought out royalty rights on the coal from Linc Energy .
"We are well placed to commence construction in the first quarter of 2015 in line with our guidance of first coal in 2017," Adani Mining Chief Executive Jeyakumar Janakaraj said in a statement. Adani Mining is a unit of Adani Enterprises.
The project still needs a mining license, landowner agreements along the rail route, and approval for a revised port expansion plan that calls for dredge waste to be dumped on land instead of near the Great Barrier Reef.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Aviation ministry to monitor discounts offer...Civil aviation ministry to start monitoring discount offers announced by airlines
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 12.08PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(The airlines feel that such…)
NEW DELHI: After receiving complaints from airlines, who termed discount schemes launched by carriers as predatory pricing, the civil aviation ministry is going to start monitoring the discount offers announced by airlines. The airlines feel that such offers are nothing but 'predatory pricing' and will lead to further losses for the sector.
"Tickets on discounts are surely sold at less than the cost and selling tickets at a price lower than the costs will lead to further losses for the airline. We need to ensure that the airlines do not go belly up due to such pricing. It would have made sense, if a financially strong carrier would have taken a lead to announce these discounts, which is not the case and that is a concern for us," said a senior civil aviation ministry official on a condition of anonymity. The official added that the fares will be monitored by a team that will be formed in the ministry and necessary actions will be taken.
The domestic aviation industry has seen over 20 discount offers since January this year all of them started by SpiceJet. All other airlines have followed the discount offers by SpiceJet leading to a huge growth in number of passengers flying.
The total number of passengers flying during the month of September grew by 27.82 per cent as compared to the same month last year on the back of discounts and two extended weekends.
Analysts, however, do not term it predatory pricing and believe that this is the need of the times and airlines need to innovate further to fill planes.
"I do not see any significant outcome to emerge as i do not see any regulatory action possible and feasible because of market-driven challenges. Pricing challenges continues to be a key concern and with more capacity of 25-30 aircraft inductions in next 6 months, we will have a more challenged domestic market. Fares will continue to be driven by the market and demand and pricing actions will be a permanent feature going forward," said Kapil Kaul, India CEO of Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation , an aviation consultancy firm.
This is not the first time the ministry is going to monitor fares on complains from airlines. The fare monitoring by airlines were done a number of times earlier too but all those monitoring saw no outcome in the past.
Another analyst , on condition of anonymity, said that the full-service carriers are not able to compete with low fare carriers since their cost of operations are high. "The fact is low-fare carriers can offer cheaper fares because of lower costs and going ahead we may see many such offers. Full-service carriers are the ones complaining because they cannot match offers by their low-fare competitors," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money: A/Cs to be assessed by Mar  15: AG | Govt submits listAG
(Rohatgi said that the court…)
NEW DELHI: With the Centre submitting a list of 627 account holders in foreign banks to Supreme Court in the blackmoney case, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi today said that the deadline for investigation under the Income Tax Act into these accounts is March 31, 2015.
He said that the court directed that the sealed envelope with the names be given to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and also allowed the Centre to put its "problems regarding treaties with foreign nations" before the SIT.
"After that we shall request them to submit the report in the court by November 30," the AG said.
"There are about 627-628 accounts along with a status report which we have submitted in the Supreme Court today in a sealed cover. Last date for investigation and assessment into all these accounts is March 31, 2015.
"The court after hearing both sides, did not open the cover but directed that the sealed envelope be given to the SIT itself. The SIT will thereafter see what it has to do and proceed in accordance with law," Rohatgi said.
Speaking to the media immediately after the hearing, the AG also said that this same list had been submitted to the SIT in June earlier this year.
"The apex court has asked SIT to verify the list given by the government and carry on with probe in accordance with law," he said, adding, "The court has permitted us to place our problems regarding treaties with foreign nations before the SIT".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nasa s Antares rocket explosion in 9 mind-blowing picturesNasa's 14-story unmanned Antares rocket headed for the International Space Station exploded on Tuesday, seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad on Virginia's eastern seaboard.
related stories
Nasa rocket blast: Russian-built engines suspected
"Something went wrong, and we will find out what that is," Frank Culbertson, executive vice president at Orbital Sciences, said at a press briefing.
Thankfully, no loss of life has been reported. Orbital Sciences said in a statement on Tuesday, "We've confirmed that all personnel have been accounted for. We have no injuries in the operation today," Reuters reported.
Furthermore, NASA Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier told the press, "there was no cargo that was absolutely critical to us that was lost on that flight. The crew is in no danger."
Nasa stressed on how the crew at ISS has enough food and other supplies aboard to last four to six months.
Here are 11 snapshots that capture the explosion:
The unmanned spacecraft exploded six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the ISS. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
It was the first nighttime launch of an Antares rocket and was to be Orbital's fourth trip to the space station. Here's a file photo (taken October 26, 2014) of the rocket. (Reuters Photo/Nasa/Handout)
Here's the spacecraft just moments before exploding at Wallops Island, Virginia. Investigators are yet to establish the cause of the accident. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
After the countdown, the base of the tall, white rocket ignited on cue, then rose a short distance into the air before it suddenly exploded in a fiery blast six seconds later. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
The unmanned Cygnus cargo ship was carrying 5,000 pounds (2,200 kilograms) of supplies for the six astronauts living at the research outpost. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
The Cygnus craft, which is shaped like a massive beer keg, made its first journey to the ISS in 2013. (AP Photo/Eastern Shore News)
The launch had previously been delayed by a day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket's intended flight path. (AP Photo/NASA TV)
As night fell, fires were seen burning at the coastal launch pad, where waves lapped at the shore. In this photo, spectators in Virginia are seen watching the fireball from the explosion. (AP Photo/The Virginian-Pilot)
People who came to watch the launch can be seen walking away after the explosion. (AFP Photo)
NASA mission control in Houston described the blast as a "catastrophic anomaly. The accident has raised fresh questions about the use of Russian engines in US rockets. (AFP Photo)
Here's a combination image of the various stages of the rocket's launch and subsequent explosion. (Reuters Photo/Nasa TV/Handout)
 

Black money case: Centre submits secret list with 627 names of foreign A/C holders to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

http://bit.ly/1DZd8sfFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
7 things the middle class can't afford anymore
Here's a list of things the middle class can no longer afford. And we're not talking about lavish stuff here.
Post to Facebook
7 things the middle class can't afford anymore Here's a list of things the middle class can no longer afford. And we're not talking about lavish stuff here. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tT3XZ9
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
530
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
7 things the middle class can't afford anymore
Erika Rawes, The Cheat Sheet 8 a.m. EDT October 25, 2014
Here's a list of things the middle class can no longer afford. And we’re not talking about lavish stuff here.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
65897 CONNECT 1432 TWEET 430 LINKEDIN 530 COMMENTEMAILMORE
During debates and speeches, politicians often bring up the financial burden that's placed on the middle class. We talk about the middle class as though they are this singular entity, who used to thrive until they underwent persecution by the evil 1%. But, realistically speaking, the middle class and the 99% are not really synonymous. So, who are the middle class?
In its discussion of historical middle class societies, The Economist reports, "Their members are neither rich nor poor but somewhere in-between. . . . 'Middle-class' describes an income category but also a set of attitudes . . . An essential characteristic is the possession of a reasonable amount of discretionary income. Middle-class people do not live from hand to mouth, job to job, season to season, as the poor do."
Some argue that the most sensible income amount to attach to the middle class would be the median household income, of around $54,000. Perhaps, anyone who earns between the 25th percentile and 75th percentile is a member of the middle class.
Diana Farrell, once Deputy Director of America's National Economic Council, told The Economist she thinks a middle class income begins at the point where a person (or family) has one-third of their income left over for discretionary purposes after they've provided themselves with food and shelter. In other words, someone who earns $3,000 per month would have $1,000 left after they've paid their mortgage or rent, utilities, and grocery bills.
CURRENCY: Time to get rid of the penny?
Though there is some debate over the exact income a middle class household brings in, we do have an idea of who the middle class are — most working class people. Today's bourgeoisie is composed of laborers and skilled workers, white collar and blue collar workers, many of whom face financial challenges. Bill Maher reminded us a few months back that 50 years ago, the largest employer was General Motors, where workers earned an equivalent of $50 per hour (in today's money). Today, the largest employer — Wal-Mart — pays around $8 per hour.
The middle class has certainly changed. We've ranked a list of things the middle class can no longer really afford. We're not talking about lavish luxuries, like private jets and yachts. The items on this list are a bit more basic, and some of them are even necessities. The ranking of this list is based on affordability and necessity. Therefore, items that are necessity ranked higher, as did items that a larger percentage of people have trouble paying for.
Vacations
A vacation is an extra expense that many middle-earners cannot afford without sacrificing something else. A Statista survey found that this year 54% of people gave up purchasing big ticket items like TVs or electronics so they can go on a vacation. Others made sacrifices like reducing or eliminating their trips to the movies (47%), reducing or eliminating trips out to restaurants (43%), or avoiding purchasing small ticket items like new clothing (43%).
New vehicles
Very few people who earn the median income can afford to buy a new car or truck. Interest.com recently analyzed the prices of new cars and trucks, as well as the median incomes across more than two dozen major cities, and found that new cars and trucks were simply not affordable to most middle-earners.
"Median-income families in only one major city [Washington DC] can afford the average price Americans are paying for new cars and trucks nowadays." As of 2013, new cars are priced at $32,086, according to the study. Mike Sante, Interest.com's managing editor reminds us, "just because you can manage the monthly payment doesn't mean you should let a $30,000 or $40,000 ride gobble up all such a huge share of your paycheck."
To pay off debt
These debt statistics come from Debt.org:
"More than 160 million Americans have credit cards.""The average credit card holder has at least three cards.""On average, each household with a credit card carries more than $15,000 in credit card debt."
Not only do we have large amounts of credit card debt, we also have student loans, mortgages, cars, and medical debts. Our debt is growing faster than our income, and many middle class workers have trouble staying afloat. Money-Zine evaluated debt growth and income growth over the past few decades and found that "back in 1980, the consumer credit per person was $1,540, which was 7.3% of the average household income of $21,100. In 2013, consumer debt was $9,800 per person, which was 13.4% of the average household income of $72,600. This means debt increased 70% faster than income from 1980 through 2013."
Emergency savings
To provide ourselves with a degree of financial security, we are supposed to have emergency savings to protect ourselves in the event of job loss, illness, or some other catastrophe. Most members of the middle class don't have at least six months of emergency savings, however, and some working people have no such savings.
A Bankrate survey found that only around one out of four households have six months of emergency money saved, and many of them are in the higher income groups. Another one-fourth have no emergency savings at all, and the remaining household have a small to moderate amount of savings, but not enough to cover six months of expenses.
Retirement savings
If you reach the retirement age with little or no money saved, Social Security is probably not going to be enough to cover your basic needs. Even if you want to work for your entire life, you have no way of knowing whether or not you will be physically capable of doing so.
Although having a lack of a retirement savings is a risky move, so many people bet on double zero, just hoping that things will work out in their favor. While some members of the middle class neglect this aspect of financial planning because they are procrastinating, there are also some workers who cannot afford to set this money aside. Nearly half of those who don't save for retirement say it's because they simply don't have the money.
As of late, around 20% of people near 65 have not saved anything for retirement at all, and the majority of people — 59% — worry that they don't have enough money saved for retirement, according to a Gallup Poll.
Medical care
Medical care is a basic necessity and something we'd think would be affordable for someone earning a middle income. A Forbes article published data indicating that workers in large companies — many of whom are members of the middle class — "face nearly $5,000 in premiums, co-payments, deductibles and other forms of co-insurance."
During the past few years, these costs have had a large impact on working Americans. A report by Feeding America found that a shocking 66% of households say they've had to choose between paying for food and paying for medical care — 31% say they have to make that choice each and every month.
Dental work
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, "the U.S. spends about $64 billion each year on oral health care — just 4% is paid by Government programs." About 108 million people in the U.S. have no dental coverage and even those who are covered may have trouble getting the care they need, the department reports.
Oftentimes, people will purchase medical coverage and forgo dental because it's so expensive. Plus, dental insurance may cover only 50% of the more expensive procedures, like crowns and bridges. This leaves those who have insurance with large co-payments.
In many cases, middle-earners will delay or even forego some of these procedures in efforts to save on costs. According to the CDC, nearly one in four adults between the ages of 20 and 64 have untreated dental caries (like cavities or infections).
The Cheat Sheet is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
65897 CONNECT 1432 TWEET 430 LINKEDIN 530 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tT3XZ9
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://bit.ly/1DZd8sg
http://usat.ly/1pWtIk9Getty
Q: Is now the time to buy Twitter?
A: Twitter (TWTR) investors think the company is on the verge of something great. But the wait continues.
The online provider of short-messaging is one of those stocks many investors assume should be going better. The stock was already down 24% this year — to close Monday at $48.56. And that was before reporting its third-quarter earnings which disappointed some. Twitter stock tumbled about 8% to $44  in afterhours trading Monday after the company reported a profit of a penny a share. That profit matched official expectations, but investors were looking for a profit of 3 cents a share, says earnings tracker Estimize.
Analysts remain bullish on the stock, even if it hasn’t delivered the explosive growth many hoped it would. The average analyst rates the stock an “outperform” with a price target of $55.39. If analysts are right, that would be 14% upside to the price target. But the stock needs to kick growth into high gear before it can justify its price. At Monday’s close, Twitter is trading for 486 times what analysts expect the company to earn this year. Even if the company earns 37 cents a share next year as expected, that’s still a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 131. That’s a nosebleed valuation, showing investors, again, are expecting more.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

http://usat.ly/1sAhXQjFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Retirement: Some struggle with leaving their jobs
Many people give so much of themselves to their jobs that they don't have the time or energy to develop other interests.
Post to Facebook
Retirement: Some struggle with leaving their jobs Many people give so much of themselves to their jobs that they don't have the time or energy to develop other interests. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u2x7VF
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Retirement: Some struggle with leaving their jobs
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 2:29 p.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Many people give so much of themselves to their jobs that they don't have the time or energy to develop other interests.
When people retire they have to go through the process of grieving and moving forward, experts say.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
288 CONNECT 173 TWEET 100 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When many people retire, they jump into their new lifestyle with gusto, but others mourn leaving their jobs and feel like they've lost part of their identity, experts say.
"Work is the primary source of identity for many of us and absorbs our best energies and creativity, so retirement is a major transition," says psychologist Kris Ludwigsen, 69, of Martinez, Calif.
Many people give so much of themselves to their jobs that they don't have the time or energy to develop other interests, and they are left adrift in retirement, she says. "Their job gave their life meaning, and not having that is the worst stress of all. That's why some people want to continue to work as long as they can."
One of the issues is whether you enjoy your job or not, says Norman Abeles, professor emeritus of psychology at Michigan State University in East Lansing. If your job is unpleasant, you may think it's better to get out at whatever cost, not realizing that the cost may be higher than you think, both financially and psychologically, he says.
Many retirees miss both the money and the companionship that their work provided, he says. "It's important, if you enjoy your work, to continue to work. I worked until I was 80."
Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement
Although there is nothing wrong with associating yourself with your job, your entire identity shouldn't be wrapped up in it, says Ernie Zelinski, 65, author of The Joy of Not Working and How to Retire Happy, Wild, and Free. "Your true self is based on many more profound things, such as your creativity, kindness, pursuits, generosity, love, joy, spontaneity, connection with others, sense of humor and spirituality."
A recent survey showed that the majority of pre-retirees (72%) would like to keep working in retirement. Almost half (47%) of current retirees either are working, have worked or plan to work in retirement. About 62% of working retirees continued to work to stay mentally active; 46%, to stay physically active; 42%, social connections; 36%, sense of identity and self-worth; 31%, to make money, according to the survey sponsored by Merrill Lynch in partnership with Age Wave.
Another study of 100 U.S. retirees, conducted for the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies, found that 67% of those who are fully retired say they retired sooner than they had planned. Among the most frequently cited reasons: their own ill health (46%); unemployment/job loss (33%); family responsibilities such as becoming a caregiver (9%); realizing they had already saved enough to retire (7%); receiving a windfall (3%); other (25%).
That same survey showed 61% say they immediately stopped working when they retired; 20% changed the way they work, for example going part time or working on temporary contracts, before retiring.
Pets ease transition into retirement
Carolee Duckworth, 68, co-author of Shifting Gears To Your Life and Work After Retirement, knows how important meaningful work is to many people. After Duckworth  retired as a Web design professor, she realized "without work I couldn't function.
"I wasn't looking to play golf. I was looking for that identity piece that comes with a job or career. I wanted to know: 'What am I now?'"
She tried several careers before she settled on writing travel books. It's completely different from what she did before, and she loves it. You have to find something that's uniquely you, she says. Your goal is to find a new a mission statement for the rest of your life, Duckworth says.
For many people that means letting go of the past. When people retire they have to go through the process of grieving and moving forward, she says.
The process can take time, and unfortunately, there aren't a lot of meaningful ways to talk about losing your work identity, she says. "It's hard to even articulate what you are going through. A lot of people get stuck, and they never go through the grieving process.
"But as you let go of what you were before, then figure out and focus on what you want to do next — paid job, volunteer work, hobbies, other interests, or some combination — you will enter what can be the most meaningful, creative and fruitful time of your life — and have great fun in the process," Duckworth says.
There are three important needs that the job provides that people have to put back into their lives in retirement: Structure, purpose and a sense of community, says Zelinksi, who has an MBA and has worked as a public speaker, writer and teacher at a vocational school, but hasn't had a "regular job" in 35 years. Some people have an easy time getting those back in their lives; some don't, he says.
To make the adjustment to retirement, you may have to start thinking in new ways, Zelinski says. You have to start doing new things, going to new places, meeting new people and developing different hobbies and interests, he says. It's best if you do that while you're still working.
How to find your passion after you retire
Ludwigsen retired at age 62 after a 35-year career that included working as a psychotherapist,  teacher, researcher, writer and editor. She left when she did because the demands of the job "were increasing while my energy level was decreasing."
She made the transition by shifting her focus to traveling more, writing, joining women's groups and writing clubs and getting involved in the pastoral ministry at her church.
Now, she's working with her minister on a series of lectures on the spiritual and psychological issues involved with death and dying, and she is visiting people who are confined. "It's engaging me intellectually, psychologically and spiritually."
She says in retirement she feels "needed and useful but not overwhelmed."
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains how to avoid retirement myths. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
288 CONNECT 173 TWEET 100 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u2x7VF
Looking for a Job?

CBI court summons Maran  others in Aircel-Marxis dealLPG rate rises by Rs 3 per cylinder as govt raises dealers' commission
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 15:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Rates of subsidised cooking gas (LPG) have been hiked by Rs 3 per cylinder after the government raised the commission paid to dealers.
The commission paid to dealers was hiked by Rs 3 per 14.2-kg cylinder to Rs 43.71 last week. Consequently, retail selling price of subsidised LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas) too have been increased in the same proportion, officials said .
Subsidised LPG in the national capital will now cost Rs 417 per 14.2-kg cylinder as against Rs 414 previously.
In Mumbai, subsidised LPG will cost Rs 452 per 14.2-kg cylinder as against Rs 448.50 previously.
The increase in commission, which as per practice is passed on to consumers, has been effected from October 23. The decision will benefit 13,896 LPG distributors across the country.
The commission of dealers was last revised in December 2013 when it was hiked by Rs 3.46 per cylinder to Rs 40.71.
Prior to the December hike in LPG rates, price of cooking gas was raised in October 2012, from Rs 399 per cylinder to Rs 410.50, due to an increase in dealers' commission.
Commission of dealers has also resulted in the rate of non-subsidised LPG - which a consumer buys after consuming his quota of 12 cylinders at below-market rates - being hiked to Rs 883.50 per 14.2-kg bottle from the previous rate of Rs 880.

Amole Guptes Hawa Hawaai wins top honour at Germany Film FestivalPrint
It's the season of awards and some Indian movies are going great as far as these coveted trophies are concerned. After Shahid Kapoor's 'Haider' winning the People's Choice Award at the recently concluded Rome Film Festival, another Indian movie has bagged a top honour at another International Film Festival.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:09 pm
It’s the season of awards and some Indian movies are going great as far as these coveted trophies are concerned. After Shahid Kapoor’s ‘Haider’ winning the People’s Choice Award at the recently concluded Rome Film Festival, another Indian movie has bagged  a top honour at another International Film Festival.
Filmmaker Amole Gupte’s ‘Hawa Hawaai’, which opened to good reviews in India, has won the Top Award for Best Film in the 19th Schlingel Film Festival held in Chemnitz, Germany in the Junior Film Category. There were 136 movies from 40 countries in the running for the award.
Featuring Partho Gupte (Amole Gupte’s son) and Saqib Saleem, the movie was produced by Fox Star Studios and directed by Amole Gupte. The movie is a tribute to people who dare to dream and had amassed critical acclaim when it released in May 2014 in India.
After winning the honour, Amole Gupte was quoted saying, “I am so thankful to this learned jury for recognising the art and the intent in the making of ‘Hawaa Hawaai’. This top honour puts the film on a very special shelf of cinema.”
Reportedly, the prize money for the top award equals to around a thousand Euros.

Corrections  Clarifications and DisclaimersPosted: October 29, 2014 1:54 pm | Updated: November 12, 2014 10:26 am
November 11
Responding to a report, ‘Trilokpuri riots: Police were violent with Muslim women’ (November 9) , the Delhi Police has said that the headline and contents of the news item were “misleading and far removed from the truth”.
“The report states that male police officers had used force against Muslim women. Fact is that a large contingent of women police force was deployed in the area, so the question of male police officers dealing with women did not arise… not a single case of crime against women, or even misbehaviour with women has been reported in Trilokpuri during the time the riots broke out or even after that,” Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said.
The reporter replies: The report is based on a complaint filed before the Delhi Minorities Commission by the Social Democratic Party of India. The report only cited the contents of the complaint. The commission is seized of the complaint and is examining the contentions raised in it. The report also quotes the chairman of the commission saying that the commission did not have the police version in the case. This too has been stated in the report. The Indian Express, on its part, also contacted the Delhi Police for its reaction to the allegations made in the complaint. The report included a quote from a senior police official who, speaking on the condition of anonymity, denied the allegations.
October 29
The report ‘ Surya Prakash appointed Prasar Bharti chairman ‘ described Prakash as a Fellow at the Vivekananda International Foundation, the New Delhi think tank from where ‘National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Principal Secretary (to the PM) Nripendra Misra and Additional Principal Secretary (in the PMO) PK Mishra were all handpicked”. This is incorrect. P K Mishra, a former IAS officer of the Gujarat cadre and former Agriculture Secretary, was never associated with the VIF.
The error is deeply regretted.
October 28
The article ‘ Modi, moment, constitution ’ by Salman Khurshid on the Edit Page referred to “the famous Hindutva judgment of Justice A.N. Varma”. The judgment was delivered by the late Chief Justice J S Verma.
October 27
The report ‘ NSA Doval may visit Burdwan blast site today… ’ referred to the “hands of a Bangladeshi terror group” instead of ‘the hand of’.
The ‘Explained’ on ‘ The rise and fall of Artha Tatwa ’ used the figure of speech “promised the moon”, but without the ‘the’.
The errors are regretted

Put nation first if you want grants and funds  says Sports MinistryBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:36 pm
Taking exception to top Indian tennis players who were reluctant to compete in the recent Asian Games, the Sports Ministry today said individual players will be able to avail grants from it only if they undertake to be available for India whenever called upon.
The Ministry’s diktat comes after top tennis players such as men’s number one Somdev Devvarman, veteran Leander Paes, and Rohan Bopanna refused to participate in the Incheon Asiad, citing loss of rankings points on the ATP circuit.
India were forced to send a second-string team to the mega-event because of this.
The Ministry had earlier issued instructions in this regard on July 18, 2013 to all recognised National Sports Federations.
“It is again reiterated and made clear to all recognised NSFs that individual players will be able to avail grants given to them by the Ministry only if they undertake to play in the Indian team when called upon to do so without reservations,” a Sports Ministry release stated.
“If there are specific exigencies because of which they are unable to play, this should be verified by the concerned NSF which thereupon can make an exception at their discretion,” it added.
The Sports Ministry release, however, did not name the players who opted out or showed reluctance to play for India at the Incheon Asiad.
But it minced no words in making it clear that athletes, who decide not to take part in multi-disciplinary events where India participates for medals, will not be considered for funding from the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF).
“It was noticed, while finalising the Indian contingent for the Incheon Asian Games 2014, that senior and rank holding sportspersons of some sports disciplines decided to pull out, preferring to play in prize money tournaments instead of participating in the Asian Games giving the impression that such sportspersons do not take these sports competitions seriously.
“Multi-sports events are held once in four years and the nation takes pride in the number of medals won in these prestigious sports events,” the release added.

Hero gains over 2% on RBI s FII investment a...Hero MotoCorp rallies over 2% as RBI allows FIIs to buy up to 49% of the paid up capital
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 02.04PM IST
(Decision follows passage…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hero MotoCorp Ltd rose as much as 2.5 per cent today after the Reserve Bank allowed foreign investors to buy up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital in the company.
Hero MotoCorp's stock jumped 2.47 per cent to Rs 3,110 on the BSE. At the NSE, it was up 2.42 per cent to Rs 3,108.60.
"... Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 49 per cent of the paid up capital of Hero MotoCorp Ltd. (Earlier Hero Honda Motors Ltd) under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," RBI had said in a notification yesterday.
The decision follows passage of a special resolution to enhance the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
As of quarter ended September 2014, FIIs held 34.34 per cent in the company.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ABVP activists protest seeking reduction in bus fareUpdated: October 29, 2014 14:15 IST
ABVP activists protest seeking reduction in bus fare
Raghava M
Tweet
The Hindu The students of ABVP staging a protest demanding reductions in bus fare at PVS circle in Mangalore on Wednesday. Photo: H.S. Manjunath.
Activists and college students affiliated to the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) staged a protest demanding reduction in the bus fare as the price of diesel has come down by Rs. 4 per litre.
ABVP City Unit President Jayesh P.K said the fares of Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) and even that of private buses have not been reduced even a week after the reduction of the price of diesel. Students are feeling the pinch due to the high bus fares, he said.
Sushant, a law student, said private buses in Karkala have reduced the fare for students by Re. 1. Similar action should be taken by buses operating from Mangalore, he said.

Stuttering on the riseUpdated: October 29, 2014 14:02 IST
Stuttering on the rise
Tweet
In its resolve to address stuttering or stammering in children, the Mysore-based All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH), a premier institute in the field of speech and hearing, has roped in school teachers and anganwadi workers and are orienting them for early identification of the problem among schoolchildren.
According to AIISH, stuttering in children is on the rise and causes problem to their development and studies if left untreated.
Five percent
Stuttering is seen in about five percent of children and about one percent of the adult population. The onset of the problem in most cases is between the ages of three and five years, and is four times more predominant in boys, according to Y.V. Geetha, chairperson, Fluency Unit, AIISH, Mysore.
October 22 is observed as International Stuttering Awareness Day to create awareness among the public about this problem and methods for its prevention and control.
“Teachers and anganwadi workers are the ideal persons to identify stuttering among children at an early stage and refer such cases to specialists for treatment,” Ms Geetha told The Hindu.
Ms. Geetha, in a write-up, said the role of teachers in handling a child with stuttering in a classroom is very crucial. The child may face ridicule in front of peers causing humiliation and embarrassment. The child may also avoid talking or participation due to anxieties or fear of failure, leading to further negative feelings and poor self-confidence.
This may have serious repercussions in his psychological, social, emotional and educational growth, she explained.
The day-long programme held at the AIISH campus here on Tuesday was attended by parents and children with stuttering, besides teachers from various schools, workers and assistants from anganwadi centres. The fluency unit at the institute handles at least 15 cases of stuttering daily. During school vacations, the number of cases goes up and sometimes crosses 50, she said.
“Parents should not neglect stuttering in their child and should consult a speech-language pathologist as soon as they suspect the problem,” she said.

Adani hires US consulting firm for Aus coal projectAdani Group hires Parsons Brinckerhoff for Australia coal project
Natasha Chaku     Melbourne   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 11:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global business conglomerate Adani Group on Wednesday named the US-based company Parsons Brinckerhoff as its project management contractor for the long-delayed $15 billion Carmichael mine, rail and port project in Australia.
Brinkerhoff, a project management and infrastructure consulting firm, will be Adani's Project Management Consultancy (PMC) partner for the Phase 1 contract encompassing Adani's planned works for the Carmichael mine, North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) and expansion at the port of Abbot Point , the company said in a statement.
The Carmichael Mine will supply high quality, cost efficient coal to India and other Asian markets. The mine received final environmental approval from Australia in August.
The NGBR, the principal component of the company's planned 388-km rail link from Carmichael to the port at Abbot Point, will be Queensland's first standard gauge rail line, helping drive lower costs for Adani and other producers.
It received environmental approval from Australia last month. The port at Abbot Point, which has operated safely and without incident for 30 years, will be expanded to help deliver these vital exports from the Galilee Basin to markets in India and throughout Asia, helping to provide energy security and light the lives of millions of families.
This integrated mine, rail and port project will provide more than 10,000 jobs in Queensland, supply opportunities for small and medium sized businesses in the state, and deliver a multi-billion dollar royalty stream that will underpin the delivery of essential services in local communities.
Parsons Brinckerhoff will be responsible for leading an integrated Adani/Parsons Brinckerhoff PMC team, delivering and managing assurance services for the various engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) contracts associated with the integrated project on behalf of Adani Mining.
Adani Mining CEO and Australian Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said the Parsons Brinckerhoff contract reflected the growing confidence leading infrastructure firms have in the progress of the company's integrated mine, rail and port project, as Adani's integrated project promptly shifts to the build phase.
Taken together with Adani's recently concluded agreement with POSCO E&C to deliver EPC management for the NGBR, and the recent finalisation of our environmental approvals, as well as the royalty deal with Linc Energy to help drive yet lower production costs, we are well placed to commence construction in the first quarter of 2015 in line with our guidance of first coal in 2017.
Brinckerhoff's current PMC portfolio includes major sites such as Roy Hill and, globally, projects with an aggregate value of $100 billion. Further partnership announcements are anticipated prior to the end of this calendar year, ahead of construction works on some components of the project commencing in Q1, 2015. 

Najeeb Jung to explore Delhi govt formation optionsNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 12:38 IST
Najeeb Jung to explore Delhi govt formation options
IANS
The Hindu Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung
TOPICS
state politics
Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung will explore the possibility of government formation in Delhi over the next few days, said an official statement on Wednesday.
“In view of the President’s approval to explore the possibility of installing a popular government in Delhi, Najeeb Jung would be exploring the possibility with the leaders of all political parties over the next few days,” the statement issued from LG House said.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday rapped the BJP government at the Centre over the tactics to delay government formation in the Capital, which has been under President’s Rule since February 17.

2G: Maran brothers  others summoned as accused in Aircel-Maxis deal case2G
(A special 2G court on…)
NEW DELHI: Former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi and six others, including Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan were today summoned as accused by a special 2G court in connection with Aircel-Maxis deal case.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini took cognisance of the CBI's charge sheet filed against eight accused including four companies and summoned them on March 2, 2015.
"I have carefully gone through the copy of the FIR, charge sheet, statement of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case. On the perusal of the record, I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on record to proceed against the accused. Accordingly, I take cognisance of the case," the Special Judge said.
Besides the Maran brothers, CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms -- Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd -- as accused.
The CBI has chargesheeted them for the offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court in its two-page order allowed the contention of senior public prosecutor K K Goel that at least four months time may be granted for effecting service of summonses on the accused as five of the eight are residing in different countries like Malaysia, Mauritius and United Kingdom while the remaining three are based in Chennai.
"Accordingly, issue summons to the accused persons for March 2, 2015. In view of the nature of the case, the prosecution is directed to take up the service of process on the accused person in right earnest and to endeavour to ensure that the court process qua each accused is returned to the court at least a week before the date fixed," the court said.
Earlier, the court had on October 13 reserved its order on the issue of taking cognisance on CBI's charge sheet filed against Maran brothers and six others.
During the arguments earlier, CBI had told the court that cognisance should be taken on the charge sheet as prima facie a case was made out against all the accused.
The agency had argued that the case involves investigation in foreign countries and there were sufficient grounds to proceed against the accused named in the charge sheet.
On August 29, the CBI had filed the charge sheet in the case containing the names of 151 CBI witnesses and a set of 655 documents, on which it has relied upon during its probe.
CBI had alleged in the court that Dayanidhi Maran had "pressured" and "forced" Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uninor posts highest growth amongst all Tele...Uninor posts highest revenue growth amongst all Telenor units
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Assam
(The total growth in Uninor…)
NEW DELHI: India has emerged as the fastest growing market for Norwegian telecom operator Telenor with its local arm, Uninor, posting highest revenue growth amongst all its units worldwide at 47 per cent to reach about Rs 1,074 crore in the third quarter ended September 30.
The company had posted revenue of Rs 729 crore in the same period a year ago.
The total growth in Uninor revenue was largely organic with 38 per cent contribution from rise in subscriber number and revenue per user.
Apart from Norway and India, Telenor operates in Sweden, Denmark, Hungary, Montenegro and Serbia, Bulgaria, Hungary, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Thailand, Malaysia and Myanmar.
However, operating loss of Uninor widened to about Rs 195 crore during the reported quarter from Rs 143 crore in the corresponding period of 2013.
Telenor attributed the increase in operating and capital expenditure of Uninor to network expansion during the quarter.
The company has announced setting up 5,000 new mobile tower sites during current fiscal, of which 4,400 are deployed now.
Telenor Group said it has reported "all time high revenue" at about Rs 27,685 crore during the reported quarter and Rs 81,003 crore in first three quarters of current year.
The Norwegian group added 3.4 million new customers across its 11 units worldwide during July-September 2014 with highest contribution coming from Uninor.
"We added 3.4 million new mobile subscribers during the period, fuelled by customer uptake in India, Bangladesh, Malaysia and our newest market Myanmar ," Telenor Group President and CEO Jon Fredrik Baksaas said in a statement.
Uninor, which operates only in 6 out of 22 circle in India, added 1.8 million subscribers during the reported period.
"Telenor's Indian operation added 1.8 million subscriptions during the third quarter. At the end of the quarter, the subscription base was 32 per cent higher than the same quarter last year," Telenor said.
The average revenue per user (ARPU) of Uninor increased by four per cent on yearly basis to Rs 104.
"The ARPU growth was driven by higher share of Internet users and improved quality of the subscription base. At the end of the third quarter, close to 20 per cent of the subscribers were active data users," the statement said.
Telenor said it received spectrum for Assam service on September 8.
Uninor became 100 per cent owned subsidiary of Telenor on October 16 after Foreign Investment Promotion Board approved its proposal in September.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hidden midcap gems which can be multibaggers | Sensex above 27KHidden gems in midcaps that can become multibaggers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.17PM IST
(Analysts are advising investors…)
MUMBAI: The broader markets moved higher in trade today as retail investors continued buying stocks in anticipation of continuation of the rally as economy picks up.
Analysts are advising investors to stick to quality companies that have strong balance sheets and good corporate governance.
The momentum in the midcaps and largecaps is expected to continue in the long term with some short term jitters such as concerns of hike in interest rates in the US, slowdown in Europe and China and uptick in inflation back home.
Well many stocks from broader markets have rallied in the recent rally; analysts have picked stocks that have the potential to give solid returns in the long term.
Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India
Datamatics
Datamatics is one small company in the IT sector. It did not do anything recently. This is a stock I got around Rs 35 levels a year ago. Now it is around Rs 70. Look at the consolidated numbers of this company, everything is in place and this looks to be a good stock.
Nitta Gelatin India:
It is a Kerala-based company listed only with the BSE. They had some labour and environmental problems, but all these have been solved today.
It is a joint venture between the Kerala Government and Nitta Gelatin of Japan. It is a small company, but it has the potential to grow big and the stock is very illiquid.
HPCL:
The stock can double from the current levels. After many years, I bought a PSU company for my portfolio first time last year. Then HPCL was at around Rs 250 levels and today it has come to around 500 levels. They gave huge dividends also.
I prefer HPCL for the capability for its marketcap to go up more than others. If it is allowed to function commercially — with commercial freedom — then it will do wonders. This is a publicly-held company. It is wrong for the government not to allow this company to function commercially.
Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors
Thomas Cook:
As the economy grows, a lot of people will travel on business within India and abroad. One can look at names like Thomas Cook, which deals in holiday packages for flights travellers.
I am less inclined to look at the airlines at the moment because of all the problems that we know exist within the industry. I would like to find the suppliers to people's needs in the service sector.
Indian Hotels
The whole supply theme is going to play out over the next two years across all sectors. One of the companies service sector to look at is Indian Hotels.
It does not sound like a manufacturing company, but it supplies hotel rooms. If occupancy rates are growing at 50-60 per cent, then it is going to move up by 70 per cent.
This means huge operational gearing for this company. And, of course, they will have pricing power as well. So, it is about supplying things across different sectors.
Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities
Mangalam Cement
We are looking at price target of Rs 350 for Mangalam Cement. The opportunity in Mangalam is much more than most of the other companies. Cement as a sector is definitely good. You can pick up any of midcap cement companies and make money in it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India leads South Asia in ease of  Doing BusinessIndia ranks 142 in World Bank's 'Doing Business' report
Arun Kumar     Washington   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 13:44 IST
Three of the country's regulatory reforms benefiting local entrepreneurs were in the areas of starting a business, getting electricity, and protecting minority investors (Photo: Reuters)
A new World Bank Group report finds that the country set the pace for regulatory reform in South Asia in 2013-14 with 20 reforms - the region's largest number during the period.
India was followed by Sri Lanka with 16 reforms while three countries - Bangladesh, Nepal, and Pakistan - focused their efforts on adopting modern electronic systems to facilitate business activity.
The 'Doing Business 2015: Going Beyond Efficiency' report released on Wednesday found that four of eight economies in South Asia implemented at least one regulatory reform making it easier for domestic entrepreneurs to do business in the 2013-14 financial year.
"Doing business is easier in economies with administrative efficiency and strong regulatory protections," said Rita Ramalho, Doing Business report lead author, World Bank Group.
The report noted that in India a little over a decade ago, an entrepreneur seeking a loan to grow his business would have had little luck, because financial institutions lacked access to information systems to assess creditworthiness.
"Today, thanks to the creation and expansion of a national credit bureau offering credit scores and coverage on par with those in some high-income economies, a small business in India with a good financial history is more likely to get credit and hire more workers," it said.
Three of the country's regulatory reforms benefiting local entrepreneurs were in the areas of starting a business, getting electricity, and protecting minority investors, including through the adoption of the new Companies Act of 2013.
The government made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, but also made it more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations, the report said.
These changes apply to both, the national capital and Mumbai. In addition, the electricity utility in Mumbai made getting electricity less costly by reducing the security deposit for a new connection.
Finally, the country strengthened minority investor protections by requiring greater disclosure of conflicts of interest by board members, increasing the remedies available in case of prejudicial related-party transactions, the report said.
It also introduced additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies. This reform applies to both Delhi and Mumbai.
In 2014, for the first time, Doing Business collected data for a second city in economies with a population of more than 10 crore.
In India, it now analyses business regulations in the country's national and financial capital; in Bangladesh, in Chittagong and Dhaka; and in Pakistan, in Lahore and Karachi.
The report covering 189 economies worldwide, found that Singapore tops the global ranking on the ease of doing business.
Joining it on the list of the top 10 economies with the most business-friendly regulatory environments are New Zealand; Hong Kong SAR, China; Denmark; the Republic of Korea; Norway; the United States; the United Kingdom; Finland; and Australia.
(IANS)

Deepika Padukone: The reigning queen of Bollywood and the elite Rs 100 crclubPrint
Deepika Padukone is not only tasting success, but literally basking in its glory and rightly so! The actress has been on a roll in the past few years, with almost each and every release making its way to the much-coveted Rs 100 crore club.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:41 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:44 pm
 
Bollywood beauty Deepika Padukone is not only tasting success, but literally basking in its glory and rightly so! The actress has been on a roll in the past few years, with almost each and every release including the recent release ‘ Happy New Year ‘ making its way to the much-coveted Rs 100 crore club. (See Pics: Deepika celebrates Happy New Year success with SRK and team )
Her last three releases ‘Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani’, ‘Chennai Express’ and ‘Ram-Leela’ have entered the elite Rs 100 crore club making her the Queen on Rs 100 crore club.
Deepika Padukone first made her way into this glitzy town with Farah Khan’s ‘Om Shanti Om’ opposite none other than Bollywood badshah Shah Rukh Khan. Not only did Deepika’s performance make fans and critics stand up and take notice of this new face, but the film was a huge commercial success. (See Pics: SRK meets fans to celebrate Happy New Year success )
Post her Bollywood debut, Deepika did see success with films like ‘Bachna Ae Haseeno’ and ‘Love Aaj Kal’. However, her career also faced a bit of a lull with releases ‘Lafangey Parindey’ and ‘Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey’.
It was Homi Adajania’s ‘Cocktail’ that proved to be a turning point in her career. Her portrayal of the bold and beautiful Veronica, earned Deepika immense praise and several award nominations. The dimpled beauty showed us that she could be more than just Ms. Goody-Two-Shoes. ‘Cocktail’ was declared a Box office hit, both in India and abroad.
In 2013, Deepika Padukone appeared in multi-starrer ‘Race 2’ alongside Saif Ali Khan, John Abraham, Anil Kapoor, Ameesha Patel and Jacqueline Fernandez. Though the critics weren’t very kind to it, the Bolylwood thriller was the first film to enter the 100 crore club that year.
The actress then romanced former boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor in Ayan Mukerji’s ‘Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani’ that saw stupendous success. Though the continued…

Put nation first if you want grants and funds  says SportsMinistryBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:36 pm
Taking exception to top Indian tennis players who were reluctant to compete in the recent Asian Games, the Sports Ministry today said individual players will be able to avail grants from it only if they undertake to be available for India whenever called upon.
The Ministry’s diktat comes after top tennis players such as men’s number one Somdev Devvarman, veteran Leander Paes, and Rohan Bopanna refused to participate in the Incheon Asiad, citing loss of rankings points on the ATP circuit.
India were forced to send a second-string team to the mega-event because of this.
The Ministry had earlier issued instructions in this regard on July 18, 2013 to all recognised National Sports Federations.
“It is again reiterated and made clear to all recognised NSFs that individual players will be able to avail grants given to them by the Ministry only if they undertake to play in the Indian team when called upon to do so without reservations,” a Sports Ministry release stated.
“If there are specific exigencies because of which they are unable to play, this should be verified by the concerned NSF which thereupon can make an exception at their discretion,” it added.
The Sports Ministry release, however, did not name the players who opted out or showed reluctance to play for India at the Incheon Asiad.
But it minced no words in making it clear that athletes, who decide not to take part in multi-disciplinary events where India participates for medals, will not be considered for funding from the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF).
“It was noticed, while finalising the Indian contingent for the Incheon Asian Games 2014, that senior and rank holding sportspersons of some sports disciplines decided to pull out, preferring to play in prize money tournaments instead of participating in the Asian Games giving the impression that such sportspersons do not take these sports competitions seriously.
“Multi-sports events are held once in four years and the nation takes pride in the number of medals won in these prestigious sports events,” the release added.

High milk intake may lead to early death:StudyInstead of strengthening your bones, drinking more than three glasses of milk a day may increase the risk of early death, a study has found. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:36 pm
Instead of strengthening your bones, drinking more than three glasses of milk a day may increase the risk of early death, a study has found.
This could be due to the high levels of lactose and galactose (types of sugar) in milk, that have been shown to increase oxidative stress and chronic inflammation in animal studies, the researchers said.
Doctors and nutritionists have long recommended a diet rich in milk for boosting calcium intake and lowering risk of fracture.
“Our results may question the validity of recommendations to consume high amounts of milk to prevent fragility fractures,” said lead researher Karl MichaAlsson from Uppsala University in Sweden.
The researchers set out to examine whether high milk intake may increase oxidative stress, which, in turn, affects the risk of mortality and fracture.
Two large groups of 61,433 women (aged 39-74 years in 1987-1990) and 45,339 men (aged 45-79 years in 1997) in Sweden completed food frequency questionnaires for 96 common foods including milk, yoghurt and cheese.
Women were tracked for an average of 20 years, during which time 15,541 died and 17,252 had a fracture.
The researchers found no link between higher milk consumption and reduction in fracture risk in women.
Furthermore, women who drank more than three glasses of milk a day (average 680 ml) had a higher risk of death than women who drank less than one glass of milk a day (average 60 ml).
Men were tracked for an average of 11 years, during which time 10,112 died and 5,066 had a fracture.
Men also had a higher risk of death with higher milk consumption, although this was less pronounced than in women.
Further analysis showed a positive association between milk intake and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation.
The study appeared in the British Medical Journal.

Dr Reddy s slips 3% post Q2 results; net profit down 16.8% YoY | CCL gains 11%Dr Reddy's Laboratories slips nearly 3% post Q2 results; net profit down 16.8% YoY
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 01.11PM IST
(The net profit was slightly…)
NEW DELHI: Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd plunged as much as 2.7 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the pharma major reported a net profit of Rs 574 crore, down 16.8 per cent YoY for the quarter ended September 30.
The net profit was slightly above ET Now estimates of Rs 550 crore. The drug maker reported a net profit of Rs 690 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year.
At 12:30 p.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 3018. It hit a low of Rs 2996 and a high of Rs 3117.30 in trade today.
Revenues grew by 6.8 per cent YoY to Rs 3,587 crore, which was slightly lower than ET Now Poll of Rs 3,700 crore. The pharma major reported revenues of Rs 3357 crore in the year-ago period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Do s & don ts while filing your health insur...Do's & don'ts while filing your health insurance claim
Oct 29, 2014, 01.45PM IST
Tags:
(Some basic understanding…)
By Rajagopal G
Ravi's wife was getting discharged from the hospital after a couple of months of treatment and complete recuperation from a pulmonary ailment. However, Ravi looked tensed and worried as he was unable to get his claims reimbursed. This is not an isolated incident. Insurers on a daily basis come across many similar complaints about the 'difficulty' faced by customers while trying to claim from the insurance companies.
While there are a few genuinely complicated cases, many such unfortunate incidents pop-up because, sometimes, the customer fails to understand the importance of information furnished to the insurer at the time of buying the policy or a failure to meet the responsibilities which is expected of the insured person. In the case of Ravi, even though his hospitalization claim was valid, since he had not submitted the correct or complete documents to the authority concerned, the process of reimbursement got further delayed.
Some basic understanding of the policy always comes handy for a hassle free claims settlement. Here's a quick check-list on the "dos" and "don'ts" which will make your health insurance claim settlement process simpler.
The Do's...
1. If you are taking the cashless route, in case of planned hospitalization, intimate the insurer before getting admitted. If it is an emergency, try to bring it to the notice within 24 hours of the hospitalization.
2. If you are not at a network hospital and want a reimbursement, collect all the relevant documents and ascertain where to send across for getting the claim.
3. You should always provide full and correct information in the settlement form. One must also share all information pertinent to the subject matter of the insurance to the company - in case of health insurance, existing insurance policies and pre-existing health conditions/diseases are to be disclosed at the time of proposal. At the time of purchase an honest declaration might shoot up the premium slightly but will ensure that your case is not repudiated when you need to make a claim.
4. You'll have to provide adequate evidence to support the authenticity of the claim and get the maximum permissible amount under the policy. Thus, it is prudent to preserve all the important supporting documents such as receipts of the purchase, bills, prescription etc. until the matter is fully concluded. For example, to make a claim for hospitalization on one's health insurance policy, the following documents will come handy:
* First letter of consultation and advice for hospitalization
* Consultation Receipts
* Medical reports, bill receipts and doctor's letter for all tests performed
* Discharge certificate
* Duly stamped and signed hospital bills with receipts
* Medicine bills along with doctor's prescriptions for the same
5. One must ensure policies are renewed on expiry and all the premiums are paid on time with their due amounts.
6. If there is an alteration or development in the subject matter of the insurance, then the insurer should be kept updated to avail continued coverage under the policy.
...And the Don'ts
1. Falsification of claim may not only lead to benefits being forfeited, but also cancellation of the policy and a potential refusal of all future insurance cover as no insurer would like to do business with someone perceived as dishonest.
2. Making small, repeated, questionable claims will either shoot up your premiums or eventually your claims will start to get dismissed.
3. Delay in reporting the loss to the agent or the insurance company may go against you. Similarly, there is always a stipulated timeline to furnish the required documents to make a claim, which should be honoured.
4. In case all details pertinent to the loss are not available, the insurer should be notified to this effect and their permission sought for extension of time to submit documents.
Adhering to the above measures can ensure that the insurer can process the claim efficiently, which in turn translates into quicker payment for the claimant.
(The author is Senior Vice President & Head, Operations and Claims, Bharti AXA General Insurance.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is the  easy money  really ending for India as US ends QE3You are here: Home > Collections
US ends QE today: Why Indian markets will continue to get 'easy money'
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 02.39PM IST
(The central bank has employed…)
NEW DELHI: As widely expected, the US Federal Reserve is likely to end its third round of the so-called quantitative easing program or QE3, when it concludes its two-day policy meet today.
The central bank has employed three rounds of bond-buying programs, since the 2008 crisis, to stabilize the economy and support the financial system, which pushed the asset prices higher across the world.
Strong global liquidity and the BJP victory in the general elections were prime reasons which pushed the index to record highs. The index rose 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, as of data collected on 29 October.
So, with the QE almost coming to an end, will the Indian markets correct significantly from here? May be not, say experts.
Yes, volatility cannot be ruled out. But the flow of money will go on and India happens to be in a sweet spot compared to the rest of the emerging market economies, they say.
"It is a given that QE is going to end from the US, but at the same time, ECB is looking to start another round of QE. Bank of Japan will come up with another QE, but the dollar is going to be strong and it is the dollar that determines the liquidity in the world," says Rahul Chadha, Co-CIO of Mirae Asset Global Investments.
"The way we look at it is that countries which do the necessary reforms will get the capital because there is going to be enough capital in the world. Thus, it is not a question of everybody getting free money, which is why we remain more confident about India than other economies like Brazil, Russia, etc," he added.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors, which is a very good thing, when compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital to India.
FIIs have already pumped in USD 14 billion into the domestic equities so far this fiscal and it is all set to increase next year. The total exposure of FIIs in the domestic market is USD 25 billion, with USD 11 billion in the government bonds, said a PTI report.
"There are a lot of positive thoughts around the Indian economy right now, largely thanks to the impressive election victory by Mr. Modi's party," said William Hobbs, VP Research, Economics & Strategy at Barclays.
"If they achieve some of the things that they set to achieve in terms of making the Indian economy less bureaucratic to a certain extent and more efficient, then that could see growth rates rise," he added.
Will US interest rate hike impact markets?
One thing which experts feel will fuel volatility is comments from the US Federal Reserve on interest rate hike, which could probably happen in the second half of calendar year 2015.
Ending a two-day discussion on Wednesday, the US Fed is expected to announce the end of its monthly bond buying program. But experts feel that the first rate hike will be somewhere in the mid next year, which is not going to be as severe as most people expect it to be.
"As of now, India is definitely much better placed than any other economy or any other market in the world. With the way the US economy is expanding gradually and with interest rates remaining low for some time, you might have these bouts of volatility from time to time," said Vibhav Kapoor, Group Chief Investment Officer of IL&FS.
"But a very sustainable sharp correction in the Indian markets is unlikely. Investors need to keep a buy and hold sort of position in the market and hope that over the next 12 to 18 months, you will get very good returns from your portfolio," he added.
Experts feel that India is more prepared than before to face QE tapering and the impact might not be that much. It will only be a sentimental pull back which should be used as buying opportunity by long-term investors.
"As far its impact on emerging markets, in particular India is concerned, as I said, India has made an adjustment since last year," said Dr. Duvvuri Subbarao, Distinguished Visiting Fellow, NUS Business School.
"When QE is reversed, there will be a hiccup, there will be some capital outflow, there will be some adjustment, but that will be nothing compared to the taper tantrums we had last year," he adds. There will be a quick adjustment through a fairly stable equilibrium I believe, added Subbarao.
Overall the market sentiment is extremely positive and given the fact that the domestic macro environment is stable and we are in the earnings upgrade cycle - things should look up.
"The next big trigger for the market could come in from the rate cut, which the market is hoping to happen in the next three to four months' time," said Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan.
"So, overall, there could be a bit of volatility in the short run, but we think that given the strong earnings growth that we are likely to witness, there should be a good upside in this market," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shettar  Eshwarappa fail to appear before BMTFUpdated: October 29, 2014 15:31 IST
Shettar, Eshwarappa fail to appear before BMTF
Imran Gowhar
The Hindu Former Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar. File Photo.
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
Former Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar and former Deputy Chief Minister K. S. Eshwarappa failed to appear before the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) here on Wednesday. They have been asked to appear for questioning on Monday.
Mr. Shettar was summoned by the BMTF for his alleged involvement in allotting four acres of prime land in Sirigandadakaval inside the city limits at a mere Rs 6 crore. Instead of making a personal appearance, he sent two of his advocates citing that he was held up officially, and sought two weeks’ time.
However, the BMTF officials turned down the request and directed Mr. Shettar to appear before the Investigating Officer on Monday without fail. The Investigating Officer said Mr. Eshwarappa did not even received the first notice. He said Mr. Eshwarappa was on tour in Bellary, Dharwad and New Delhi, and BMTF officials even tried tracking him there to serve the notice, but failed.
"We are going to issue a second notice to both of them asking them to appear on Monday without fail," a senior police officer said.

Farmers plead for more compensationLAD MUGALI (GULBARGA DISTRICT)/Bidar, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 14:32 IST
Farmers plead for more compensation
T. V. Sivanandan
Tweet
Central study team visits flood-hit villages in Gulbarga and Bidar
A two-member central study team visiting flood-hit areas in Gulbarga district was greeted by wailing farmers, particularly women, who surrounded them and requested for a higher compensation for the loss suffered in the recent floods and rain.
While the women, tears rolling down their cheeks, were seen pleading with folded hands, the men bombarded the team with questions on the team’s inordinate delay in visiting the affected agriculture fields.
“What purpose would it serve if you visit agriculture fields two months after the floods had ruined our standing crops and washed away the precious top soil in our agriculture fields,” asked Shivaputrappa Pujari at Lad Mugali village in Aland taluk. A similar question was posed to the team members by Nagabhushan Hatti in Mahagoan village, Gulbarga taluk.
Hanifa Begum, a farmer in Lad Mugali who had lost her red gram and soya bean crop on her nine-acre agricultural plot due to floods in the Gandorinala after the reservoir gates were opened all of a sudden on August 28, complained that she had not been paid any compensation so far, though she had suffered complete loss of standing crop and her field was affected by soil erosion.
The central study team consisting of S.M. Kolatkar, Director of Oilseeds Development Corporation, and Deenanath, Joint Director (Expenditure) in the Ministry of Finance, surveyed the affected agricultural plots in Lad Mugali and Mahagoan villages, the two villages worst affected by the floods in the Gandorinala. They assured the irate farmers that all those who had suffered losses would be adequately compensated. “We are here to survey the loss and we will submit a detailed report to the Union government within a week with all facts and figures,” they said.
Delay in visit
The team members said they were scheduled to visit the affected areas in Gulbarga and other north Karnataka districts on October 9, but due to unforeseen reasons the visit had to be cancelled. The team had, between October 6 and October 8, visited flood-hit areas in other districts of the State. The team, after visiting the affected areas in Bidar, Gulbarga, Yadgir on Tuesday, will head for Bijapur and Hospet in Bellary on Wednesday, before leaving for New Delhi.
The farmers told the team that although they had lost all that was invested in kharif crop, the State government had released only between Rs. 2,500 and Rs. 7,000 per acre as compensation. “In the floods, our open wells were been closed, our motors were washed away, the pipelines damaged; but the compensation given to us was only pittance,” said the affected farmers. After the visit, the team admitted that the damage caused in the floods and heavy rain in the last week of August was heavy and the farmers had suffered huge losses.
Gulbarga Deputy Commissioner Vipul Bansal provided details on the losses and compensation payouts to the central team.
In Bidar
A central study team, led by K.K. Pathak, Joint Secretary in-charge of Calamity Relief, visited Basava Kalyan to assess crop loss due to heavy rain.
The team assessed the situation at Sirgapur, Gadle Gaon, Kherda and Maisalga villages and interacted with farmers. Bidar Deputy Commissioner P.C. Jaffer said that the team would submit a report to the Union government after consulting senior officials in Bangalore this week.

Google s Nexus 9 sports 8 MP rear-facing cameraThe latest Nexus 9 tablet, made by HTC, features a nearly 9-inch screen, two inches larger than the previous version.
ADVERTISEMENT

Kamal s  Papanasam  wrapped upUpdated: October 27, 2014 15:59 IST
Kamal's 'Papanasam' wrapped up
Special Arrangement A promotional still from Kamal's "Papanasam".
A promotional still from Kamal's "Papanasam".
TOPICS
Tamil cinema
The film is likely to hit the theatres early next year.
The principal shooting of Kamal Haasan-starrer Tamil thriller Papanasam, a remake of Malayalam blockbuster Drishyam, has been wrapped up. Now the film is set to get into post-production.
The shoot was finished on Sunday.
“The entire unit of Papanasam completed shooting and returned to Chennai yesterday (Sunday). The post-production work is expected to start this week,” a source from the film’s unit told IANS.
Haasan plays a father to two daughters in the film.
Directed by Jeethu Joseph, who even helmed the original, Papanasam also features Asha Sharath and Gauthami in important roles.
The film is likely to hit the theatres early next year.

Alibaba s Jack Ma Tops China Rich List: ForbesAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Shanghai: Jack Ma, founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba, is China's richest person with a fortune of nearly $20 billion, as billionaires increase despite a slowdown in the country's economy, Forbes magazine said on Tuesday.
The number of Chinese billionaires surged to 242 this year from 168 in 2013, Forbes said in its annual "China Rich List", which ranks the wealthy.
Mr Ma's personal wealth ballooned to $19.5 billion from $7.1 billion last year after his company's record breaking initial public offering (IPO) on the New York Stock Exchange in September, according to the magazine.
The entrepreneur also topped a similar list released last month by China-based luxury magazine publisher Hurun, which put his wealth at a much higher estimate of $25 billion.
Alibaba was founded 15 years ago with $60,000 pooled together from Ma's friends, and is now valued at more than $240 billion after listing in the United States.
Mr Ma, the former English teacher turned Internet visionary, reaped more than $800 million from selling shares through the IPO, according to company filings.
Wang Jianlin, whose private conglomerate Wanda bought US cinema chain AMC, was knocked out of first place and slipped to fourth this year, the Forbes list showed.
A "challenging" year for the domestic real estate sector, the main source of Wang's wealth, has seen his fortune shrink to $13.2 billion from $14.1 billion last year, it said.
China's economy expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, its slowest pace in more than five years, in part because of government moves to rein in real estate prices.
The technology sector fared better than traditional industries amid China's economic slowdown, commanding the top three spots and taking up half of the top 10, according to Forbes.
"Entrepreneurship is still thriving in China," said Russell Flannery, Shanghai bureau chief for Forbes and compiler of the list.
"The different set of industries and individuals (on the list) suggest there's still plenty of change in the economy," he told AFP.
Robin Li -- founder of Baidu, China's version of Google -- ranked second with wealth of $14.7 billion, while Pony Ma of Tencent, parent of China's most popular messaging app WeChat, sat in third place with $14.4 billion.
Lei Jun of rapidly rising mobile phone maker Xiaomi took eighth with $9.1 billion, and Richard Liu of e-commerce site JD.com -- which competes with Alibaba -- was in 10th position with $7.1 billion.
Completing the top 10, Li Hejun of renewable energy firm Hanergy was in fifth place with $13.0 billion, followed by beverage tycoon Zong Qinghou of Wahaha with $11.0 billion in sixth and nonferrous metals firm Amer's Wang Wenyin with $10.0 billion in seventh.
He Xiangjian, founder of home appliance maker Midea, took ninth with $7.5 billion.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 11:53 (IST)

Lloyds Bank to cut 9 000 jobsUpdated: October 28, 2014 13:14 IST
Lloyds Bank to cut 9,000 jobs
Reuters
AP Lloyds said it will close 150 branches and would axe 9,000 jobs as it automates some support functions.
TOPICS
layoffs and downsizing
Lloyds Banking Group took another 900 million pound charge to compensate customers for mis-sold loan insurance on Tuesday and unveiled plans to axe 9,000 jobs and about 150 branches to cut costs.
The extra payment protection insurance (PPI) bill will take the bank's total costs for the issue to more than 11 billion pounds, representing well over a third of the industry's bill.
Britain's biggest retail bank said it will close 150 branches over the next three years - about 6 per cent of its network - in response to more customers banking online, and would axe 9,000 jobs as it automates some support functions.
As part of a strategic plan for the next three years unveiled alongside third quarter results, the bank said it will invest 1 billion pounds in digital technology.
It plans to lend an additional 30 billion pounds across Britain over that period, aiming to grow in areas where it is under-represented, including consumer lending and financial planning and retirement.
Lloyds reported an underlying profit of 2.2 billion pounds in the third quarter, up 41 per cent from a year ago, as losses from bad debts fell sharply. Statutory profit in the latest quarter was 751 million pounds.

Teach your kids how to get richLessons from a lemonade stand
By  Rhea Wessel
Read more about these links.
(Burke Triolo/ Getty Images)
Carolin Hasse got some of her first business lessons at flea markets in her home town of Kronberg, Germany, when she was just 6 years old.
Her father taught her about money by coaching her to bid down the price of items she liked. He would then stand back while Carolin worked her magic.
Related
Secrets to save big this holiday
"Go up there and ask what the price is. When he says ‘10 euros’, then say, 'Well, I've only got five. Can I still get it?'" Hasse said, recalling her father's words.
"Usually it worked. Maybe it was because I was a small child who knew her money," she said.
Now 16, Hasse has two jobs — one as a riding instructor and the other as an English tutor. Soon she hopes to have enough money saved to put toward a course to earn a riding certificate. Hasse was lucky to learn about business early on, with lessons based on real-world experiences. Not many young people have the same chance.
A recent OECD study showed that financial literacy among young people is woefully lacking: In 13 countries and economies, one in seven students are unable to make simple decisions about everyday spending.
Daryl Bernstein, an entrepreneur in Santa Barbara, California, in the US and the author of Better Than a Lemonade Stand!: Small Business Ideas for Kids, said childhood is the right time to develop business skills. The 38-year-old wrote the book when he was 15. There are some advantages to dabbling in entrepreneurial ideas as a child, he said.
"You don't have to quit your job, and you've got time on your hands,” Bernstein said. ”A lot of the people who have had huge successes when they were 20 to 25, like the (Mark) Zuckerbergs of this world, were honing their skills for 10 to 15 years prior to that.”
Bernstein, who just sold a business that provides digital signatures, learned early on to look for a need and build something to meet that need. One need he filled: bringing newspapers from the curb up long driveways to doorsteps.
"I would see my neighbours very grumpily at the crack of dawn in coats and boots stumbling down an icy driveway," he said. People were willing to pay more for his service than the cost of the newspaper.
Of course, there are other important principles children should learn about money. Here are three important ones.
Principle 1: Work means money
Peggy Rosser’s granddaughter, Hannah, has been receiving dimes for housework since she was three.
"Hannah learned that work results in money, which results in the ability to purchase something," said Rosser, who is an adviser at the Angelo State University Small Business Development Center in San Angelo Texas in the US.
After Hannah, now age 5, fed 15 dimes into a soda machine to buy a cold drink, Hannah and her mother discussed another point — instant gratification versus the importance of saving. Even at young ages, children can understand these ideas, Rosser said.
"Hannah's little purse didn't have as much money in it,” Rosser said, “She very quickly learned not to spend her money that way."
Principle 2: Bucketing
A system known as "bucketing" among personal finance professionals can also serve as a simple concept for children.
Where adults may invest into one account for a college fund and save into another for a vacation, children can separate their money just as easily, saving notes and coins into homemade marked cans or piggy banks with special slots for saving, spending, charity and more.
The "saved" money might be for larger purchases like a new video game or a special doll, while the "spending" money is more like pocket change, used for impulse buys like candy bars or an inexpensive must-have trinket. Money marked for charity or "sharing" is, of course, for donating. Some special piggy banks have a fourth slot, meant for long-term savings for things such as university expenses or a special trip.
"It's all about making decisions. If you teach children at a young age to make good decisions, that will transcend into their adult years," said Rosser, whose grandchildren have savings marked for big money, little money and share money.
Author Barbara Kettl-Romer suggests that children learn to set priorities with their money by having full control over their allowance.
Likewise, parents should understand their own relationship to money to better teach money management to their kids, said Kettl-Romer, who is based in Gunzach, in southern Germany.
"Children are inclined to imitate their parents or to behave in the opposite way. So, if you spend your money on a whim, your kids may do the same,” said Kettl-Romer. “The kids of Scrooge-like parents may swear never to be as tight-fisted as their parents.” She urges parents to think about what money means to them and about their own spending and saving habits before teaching their children these principles.
Kathleen Gurney, the chief executive of Financial Psychology Corporation and a psychologist specialised in money management, has described nine money personalities. Maybe you're a "high roller" willing to take risk for the chance of achieving greater financial gain. Or perhaps you're a "safety player" who prefers a cautious and arms-length approach to money management.
"When parents discuss money matters with their children, they’ll be sharing values, as well as information," Gurney said.
Principle 3: Salesmanship
Kettl-Romer's book How To Teach Your Kids About Money was published in 2009 and was one of only a few books about parenting and money in German, she said.
"In Germany, talking about money is taboo. Maybe it has to do with the Protestant Lutheran heritage or the worry that showing you have money will cause others to be envious," she said.
But Germany isn’t the only place where this is the case. While signs of wealth might be obvious in places like the US and the Middle East, aggressively selling one's self, one's abilities or one's wares is uncomfortable in many parts of the world.
"In a country where engineers are idolised, aggressive selling is often seen as a form of manipulation," said Kettl-Romer.
Yet, learning to sell is a critical part of understanding how to grow money and becoming a business person. Here again, the flea market or a lemonade stand are a good place to learn salesmanship. In the end, sales conversations all have a similar anatomy.
The seller must create a need ("Boy, it's hot out here"), show the advantages of the product ("This lemonade is made with organic lemons"), answer any objections ("It’s less than the cost you’d pay at the cafe") and close in for the sale ("Do you want small or large today?").
Rosser said: "With practice, a simple phrase can close the deal."
Whichever skills a child is learning, it is practice that will make a difference in the long term, says Bernstein.
"My advice is to get out there and try things...People say it takes 10,000 hours to become an expert. Many leaders who we look up to in all walks of life… got their 10,000 hours of practice while they were still kids."
Take the OECD's test

Tunisians shun Islamists in vote for stabilityCivil servants discuss at results from the Tunis region parliamentary elections in a Tunis voting center, Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Tunis | Posted: October 28, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 3:26 pm
Tunisia’s well-organized Islamists have been defeated in parliamentary elections, paying the price for the turbulent years they ruled after the Arab Spring that saw the rise of terrorist groups in this North African nation.
Voters sought security and stability with familiar faces from Tunisia’s more authoritarian past, but the Islamists’ substantial weight in the new parliament will make them a player in any future government.
Civil servants sit at results from the Tunis region parliamentary elections in a Tunis voting center, Monday, Oct. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
Results from the official election commission are just beginning to trickle in, with only three Tunisian districts reported by Tuesday morning. But exit polling and statistical sampling of voting station results by observer groups have produced a remarkably uniform picture.
The party Nida Tunis (Tunisia Calls) led by an 87-year-old veteran politician from the previous regime took around 35 percent of the seats of the parliament, giving it the right to present a prime minister and form a governing coalition. The Islamists trailed with just 25 percent of the seats.
Nida Tunis presented itself as the answer to the moderate Islamists of the Ennahda Party, which had struggled to guide the country through post-revolutionary turmoil after dominating the 2011 elections. Critics charged the Islamists with being soft on terrorists and incompetent managers.
“I promise only one thing and that is to re-establish the state,” Beji Caid Essebsi, the founder of Nida Tunis, said in an interview on national TV late Monday. “All our problems resulted from the lack of a state.”
Essebsi was a foreign minister in the 1980s, under the country’s first post-independent president Habib Bourguiba, and was briefly interim prime minister in 2011, after the revolution. Essebsi evokes the good old days of Tunisia, with a strong economy and a focus on education — while ignoring its authoritarian aspects.
The party effectively tapped into voters’ fear of instability, as food prices put a strain on the middle class and the assassination of left-wing politicians and militant attacks in the mountains struck fear into ordinary Tunisians.
“It’s an expression of the disillusionment of Tunisians and being fed up with the last three years,” said Chawki Gaddes, an analyst at Tunis University. “There was a degraded economic situation, the emergency of jihadi movements, and political assassinations that Tunisia had never known before.”
One fact that may certainly have helped Nida Tunis was a 24-hour standoff between counterterrorism forces and suspect militants in a Tunisian suburb just two days before elections, which left seven people dead, including continued…

Making friends: Boardroom editionTrust the experts? Not so fast
With busy lives and other priorities, many directors just don't take the time. In the last couple of weeks I've done an informal survey of friends and colleagues who sit on boards to see whether they’ve made a concerted effort to get to know their fellow directors. Surprisingly, a majority said they haven’t.
It may seem obvious, but it is important to get to know the other people around the table, whether you are new to the board of a publicly traded company or a long-standing member of a local working group. You sit together for hours at a time, making big decisions over often complex issues. Learning more about the expertise and interests of the other directors can make that work much better.
In well-run boards, the chairman will reach out to new members and get them up to speed. The chair of a committee might reach out to a newly-assigned member. There will often be a formal board induction process. The same is often true for working groups you’ve become a part of — an introduction to others and background material might come via email, and a kick-off meeting might introduce the group. But this is just the start to getting to know people with whom you’ll be working.
Here are four reasons why getting to know the other people on a board or similar committee is worth your time.
Hit the ground running: If you are joining a board, or any other kind of working group for that matter, you need to get to know the organisation and the key topics and issues it is tackling. You’ll have done some reading and research, but nothing gets you up to speed faster than talking to the other members.
It is wise to reserve judgement until you’ve heard each person’s opinions on the issues, but by talking to each other before you sit down at your first meeting, you’ll be better informed and less likely to be surprised at what you hear.
Stranger danger: The perception of boards is that they are close-knit places made up of people who all know each other. That is still true on some boards, but modern boards are changing — they are increasingly diverse with members from various generations, geographies, sectors, genders, and expertise. That's a great thing.
That diversity also means, though, that a new board member may have met a couple of the other members, but they might not know them well. Walking into the room for the first time is a lot easier if you’ve gotten to know some of the people around the table.
Building trust: Trust is vital to getting things done. When someone gives an opinion, we all make snap judgements about whether we inherently trust what they are saying. If you’ve gotten to know someone, it is a lot easier for you to decide if they are believable. By the same token, if people have gotten to know you a bit, they are far more willing to have confidence in what you say.
This is particularly important for breaking down stereotypes. If you are the youngest person on the board, the only woman or the only one from an industry, giving the other board members a chance to get to know you can be really helpful — and vice versa.
Leave it at the table: Strong disagreements can break out. The topics we deal with in the boardroom are complex and sometimes contentious. I’ve been in rooms where talk escalated to shouting, and others where the atmosphere just became deeply uncomfortable. Having a bit of a friendly relationship with others helps you to leave the disagreement at the table.
How do you get to know people you only see a few times each year? Send a friendly email or give them a ring and introduce yourself. Invite them to get together for a chat. If you can’t meet up, speaking on the phone is a good start. Find out from them who they really are, what drives them, what is important to them, what their expertise is.
You’ll be glad you did.
It may seem obvious to say this, but it is really important to get to know the other people around the table.

IDBI Bank raises $350 million from bond saleIDBI Bank raises $350 million from bond sale
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 20:44 IST
After lying low for a while, forex fund rasing by domestic corporates has picked up with state-run lender IDBI Bank raising $350 million in an overseas bond sale.
Last Friday, Tata Motors had raised $750 million in a benchmark dual tranche bond sale, taking the overall fund raising through overseas bond sales close to $17 billion so far this year.
According to a note by international rating agency Fitch, the Mumbai-based lender raised $350 million in overseas senior unsecured notes through its Dubai branch.
Fitch has assigned the senior unsecured notes issue due April 2020 a final rating of BBB-.
IDBI Bank could not be contacted for an official comment.

ONGC Videsh to Acquire Stake in Two Vietnamese BlocksYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Videsh to Acquire Stake in Two Vietnamese Blocks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 22:57 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, on Tuesday signed an agreement to pick an up to 50 per cent stake in PetroVietnam's two exploration blocks in the South China Sea.
OVL will take a 40 per cent stake in Block 102/10 and 50 per cent in 106/10 that lie outside the sea territory claimed by China. PetroVietnam, the national oil company of Vietnam, will take half of OVL's 100 per cent stake in Block 128 in South China Sea which the Indian firm had earlier planned to exit.
"OVL signed a Heads of Agreement (HOA) with PetroVietnam Exploration Production Corp (PVEP), a wholly owned subsidy of Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam), for mutual cooperation for exploration in Blocks 102/10 & 106/10 of PVEP and Block 128 of OVL in offshore Vietnam, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation," the Indian firm said in a statement here.
The agreement was signed by OVL managing director Narendra K Verma and PVEP president and CEO Dr Do Van Khanh.
Also, ONGC signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with PVEP for "mutual cooperation for exploration in the NELP Blocks of ONGC in Andaman and Cauvery Basins, subject to due diligence and negotiations on terms of participation".
The MoU was signed by ONGC chairman and managing director Dinesh K Sarraf and Khanh.
Both the MoU and the HOA were exchanged in presence of visiting Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Hyderabad House here.
OVL forayed into Vietnam as early as 1988, when it was awarded the exploration license for Block 06.1. At present, the block is producing natural gas.
The company also got exploration Blocks 127 and 128 in 2006. Block 127 was relinquished after completing the work programme. Block 128 is currently under exploration. The blocks where OVL is picking up stake are from the five that Vietnam had offered in November last year to India to counter growing Chinese influence in the region.
OVL offering PetroVietnam equity in Block 128 is to de-risk exploration in the block over which China had claimed territorial rights.
The Indian firm had in June 2012 decided to return the block as exploration there wasn't commercially viable but did a volte-face at the insistence of Ministry of External Affairs, which wanted India to continue its presence in South China Sea.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 22:19 (IST)

700-year-old caribou poop used to resurrect unknown virusCaribou hitch a ride on an ice chunk in the Yukon River near Circle, Alaska. (AP Photo/Alaska Department of Homeland Security and Emergency Management, Claude Denver)
Thanks a lot, caribou.
In a study published Tuesday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers report using DNA preserved in vintage caribou poo to recreate a unique virus.
The DNA was found in a drilled ice core that contained thousands of years worth of caribou defecation. Researchers saw that it resembled modern geminiviruses --which infect plants -- but didn't recognize the virus itself.
Once they copied the virus, they introduced it to a species of tobacco plant vulnerable to many viral infections. Sure enough, the virus successfully infected the plant's leaves. Researchers believe it probably came from either a plant eaten by the caribou or an insect attracted to its feces.
There may be a downside to viruses that survive well in poop-sicles. As climate change melts more and more of this ancient permafrost, there's no telling what microbes might be released -- and some of them might remain infectious.
"There's a theoretical risk of this, and we know that the nucleic acid of the virus was in great shape in our sample,"study author Eric Delwart of the University of California told New Scientist . "But old viruses could only re-emerge if they have significant advantages over the countless perfect viruses we have at present."
So we probably don't have to worry too much about other viruses from that time period emerging in full-force from caribou poo.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Airbus and Tata team up to bid for IAFs Avro aircraft replacementNEW DELHI, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:11 IST
Airbus and Tata team up to bid for IAF’s Avro aircraft replacement
Dinakar Peri
air transport
Global Aircraft major Airbus Defence and Space and India’s Tata Advanced Systems Limited (TASL) of the Tata group have jointly offered the Airbus C295 medium transport to replace the Indian Air Force’s fleet of 56 Avro aircraft, an Airbus release said.
The partnership follows a detailed industrial assessment and stringent evaluation of the Indian private aerospace sector by Airbus Defence and Space.
In the event of C295 being selected, the first 16 aircraft will come in ‘fly-away’ condition from Airbus’s final assembly line. The remaining 40 aircraft will be manufactured and assembled by Tata Advanced Systems in India. This includes undertaking structural assembly, final aircraft assembly, systems integration and testing, and management of the indigenous supply chain.
Airbus Defence and Space Executive Vice President Military Aircraft, Domingo Ureña Raso, said in the statement: “We firmly believe that, in the C295, we have clearly the best aircraft to replace the IAF Avro fleet.”
“The C295 is a superbly reliable and tough aircraft with outstanding economics which is proven in the most difficult operating conditions all over the world,” he further added.
S. Ramadorai, Chairman, Tata Advanced Systems, called this “a landmark for the development of aircraft manufacturing capability in India.”
Airbus Defence and Space is part of Europe based EADS group with 40,000 employees and revenues of approximately €14 billion per year. Tata Advanced Systems is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, focussed on providing integrated solutions for Aerospace, Defence and Homeland Security.
A Defence Acquisition Council meeting in July has decided to open the contract to the private sector in partnership with global vendors through the Buy & Make route.

Super Spinning Mills denies H&M chargeUpdated: October 29, 2014 01:06 IST
Super Spinning Mills denies H&M charge
M. Soundariya Preetha
Special Arranegment The logo of Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz
TOPICS
company information
Super Spinning Mills, which was blacklisted by Hennes & Mauritz AB of Sweden for violating core labour rights, on Tuesday, said it followed the labour laws of Tamil Nadu, and these are verified by the Labour Department.
Reacting to a Bloomberg report on the textile mill’s blacklisting following a study by the Centre for Research on Multinational Corporations (SOMO) and the India Committee of the Netherlands, a company representative said, “We are denying the allegations of SOMO. We are following the labour laws of the land, and it is verified by the labour officials and we do not employ child labour. Our buyers are also conducting regular audits on our HR practices.” The research, which covered five spinning mills in Tamil Nadu, including Super Spinning Mills, concluded that several core labour rights are being violated in the spinning mills. It also says that “exploitative employment schemes and substandard working conditions remain widespread in the spinning industry.”
Super Spinning Mills, which exports nearly 25 per cent of the yarn produced, has 1.50 lakh spindles in two units in Tamil Nadu and two units in Andhra Pradesh, and produces coarse and fine count yarn. Its annual turnover is Rs.500 crore.

Massachusetts town considers banning sale of tobacco productsBy Hunter Schwarz October 28 Follow @hunterschwarz
(Daniel Acker/Bloomberg)
The Westminster, Mass., Board of Health is considering whether to ban tobacco sales in the town, and could be the first municipality in the country to do so.
According to a draft of the proposed regulation , the town would ban the sale of products containing or made from tobacco or nicotine, including e-cigarettes and products that are absorbed, dissolved or ingested. Violations would result in a $300 fine.
The town has been considering the ban for months, Westminster health agent Elizabeth Swedberg told the Boston Globe . “This doesn’t seem right, that we are permitting products that, if used as directed, 50 percent of people die,” she said. A spokesperson for Westminster was not available to speak with The Post.
D.J. Wilson, director of the municipal association’s tobacco control program, told the Boston Globe that even if residents drive out of town to buy their cigarettes should the ban pass, the move would “send a clear message” and make it harder for teenagers to get hold of them.
The CVS pharmacy chain  stopped selling tobacco products  at its 7,600 stores this month. It’s estimated that the move will  cost the company $2 billion a year, but it coincided with a campaign to brand itself as more focused on health.
Reporter for The Washington Post. Formerly of the BuzzFeed Los Angeles bureau.

Its not riders imagination. Red Line has had more delays.By Robert Thomson October 28 Follow @RT_Thomson
Riders at Red Line stations, like Farragut North, say it’s a headline if they don’t have a delay. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
Through Sunday, Metro’s Red Line experienced an average of three incidents a day resulting in delays during October. The Orange Line is the runner-up, with an average of 2.3 daily incidents. The Silver Line had 1.5 on average, the Green Line 1.2, the Blue Line 0.96 and the Yellow Line 0.8.
I count two days without delays caused by train or track problems: Oct. 4 and 19, both weekend dates.
I made the calculations, based on Metro’s daily service reports, after noticing how battered some Red Line riders are feeling. During Monday morning’s incident involving a cracked rail, a rider who uses the Twitter handle @SheilaDC expressed the common sentiment this way: “It’s getting to the point with Red Line that breaking news should be when it’s actually problem-free.”
My averages are a rough guide to the state of the lines, so let me explain how I got them. In the reports, Metro gives riders a history of the problems that developed each day with individual trains, stating the time of the delay for riders on that train and assigning a reason for the delay. I counted the number of train delays on each line, but did not include delays caused by sick passengers or police activity or trains striking deer. You could argue that a delay is a delay, but I thought those particular categories said less about the state of Metrorail than the train and track problems.
I did not weight the delays based on Metro’s estimate of their length or on the time of day when they occurred. Also, the Red Line is Metro’s most heavily traveled, and uses the most trains.
But the reports do bolster the perception among those Red Line riders in recent weeks that their service was more likely to encounter problems. Through Sunday, Metro had listed 79 delayed trains on the Red Line in October. The reasons were the same as on all other lines. The most common were brake and door problems on the trains, and signal or track problems around them. Most of the individual train delays listed by Metro are short. They’re typically in the four- , five- or six-minute range. At the other end of the scale is the listing for 8:09 p.m. on Oct. 6 showing that a Glenmont-bound train at Friendship Heights was delayed 74 minutes because of a track problem.
Riders don’t necessarily calculate their delays the way Metro does. When a train is taken out of service, riders experience the ripple effects, especially at rush hour. It takes mere moments for platforms back down the line to become more crowded. Likewise, the trains following the busted train get more crowded, and the riders waiting on the platforms let them go by, to await a train with some standing room. That just makes the platforms more crowded.
You might argue that it makes a big difference whether the train delay occurs at rush hour or at night. But it doesn’t make much difference if that’s your train. And at off-peak and night hours, there are bigger gaps between the trains. So a delay on one train still can cause crowding down the line.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

Security heightened at federal buildings in D.C. and nationwideBy Jerry Markon October 28 Follow @JerryMarkon
The Department of Homeland Security on Tuesday announced heightened security measures at federal buildings in the District and nationwide, citing the recent shooting at the Canadian Parliament and threats from terrorist groups to attack the homeland.
DHS officials emphasized that the step was precautionary and not based on any intelligence about a specific terrorist plot. Rather, they said, the shootings in Canada and other events such as the ongoing U.S. bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria dictated that more security would be a wise measure. The increased security started over the weekend but was only announced Tuesday because of its sensitivity, they said.
“This is a precautionary step to safeguard U.S. government personnel and facilities, and the visitors to those facilities,’’ said a senior DHS official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. The changes are “not based on any specific, credible information at this time indicating any active plot against government officials and law enforcement in the United States.’’
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson announced heightened security at federal buildings nationwide on Tuesday. (AP/Manuel Balce Ceneta)
In announcing the raised security alert, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson said: “The reasons for this action are self-evident: the continued public calls by terrorist organizations for attacks on the homeland and elsewhere, including against law enforcement and other government officials, and the acts of violence targeted at government personnel and installations in Canada and elsewhere recently. ‘’
“Given world events,’’ Johnson said, “prudence dictates a heightened vigilance in the protection of U.S. government installations and our personnel.
Johnson and other officials would not detail the new security measures or which government buildings will be affected, other than saying they will be buildings in D.C. and other major cities and locations around the country. “The precise actions we are taking and the precise locations at which we will enhance security is law-enforcement sensitive, will vary and shift from location to location, and will be continually re-evaluated,’’ Johnson said.
The DHS action, which will be carried out by the Federal Protective Service — which guards more than 9,500 federal facilities passed through by 1.4 million visitors or occupants daily — followed last week’s shocking violence in Canada. In Ottawa, the capital, a gunman killed an honor guard soldier and then opened fire inside the nearby Parliament building.
Gunfire rocked the core of Canada’s government and set off a chaotic scene across downtown Ottawa, in a country that rarely sees gun violence.
President Obama condemned the violence, saying “Obviously we’re all shaken by it.”
Jerry Markon covers the Department of Homeland Security for the Post’s National Desk. He also serves as lead Web and newspaper writer for major breaking national news.

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections race past Rs 200 cr markShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections turn it into Rs 200 cr film
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 14:53  IST
Oct 29 2014, 14:53  IST
 

Plan to grant new bank licences to cos poses risks: SPOct 29, 2014, 08.43 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Plan to grant new bank licences to cos poses risks: S&P
The central bank will come out with fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences, or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Plan to grant new bank licences to cos poses risks: S&P
The central bank will come out with fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences, or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
Post your opinion here
 
India's plan to grant new banking licences to companies could increase risks in the banking sector given the chance that new entrants could be lax about loan standards, Standard & Poor's said in a report on Tuesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is cautiously opening up India's banking sector to companies. The RBI awarded two new licences in April after a gap of 10 years in a country where only one household in two has access to formal banking services.
The central bank will come out with fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences, or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
Also Read: IDBI Bank raises USD 350 million from overseas bond sale
"The sector's stability or risk appetite could be hit if any of the new players relax their underwriting standards or undercut prices to gain market share," said S&P.
The rating agency also highlighted the risks from a prolonged weakness in Indian banks' asset quality, which could hurt economic recovery.
S&P said it expects gross non-performing loans to rise to 4.5 percent by the end of March 2015 from 4 percent in the previous year.
However, Indian banks fare better on potential economic risks compared with Brazil and China due to a conservative central bank, stringent capital regulations under Basel III, and moderate inflation-adjusted real estate prices, S&P said.
The rating agency recently upgraded the outlook for India's "BBB-minus" rating to "stable" from "negative", citing the prospect of government reforms.
RELATED NEWS

Pope Francis  Big Bang remark: God not magician with a magic wandprint
Pope Francis has sent ripples among believers and non-believers by declaring that evolution and the Big Bang theory are right and that God is not “a magician with a magic wand”.
At a meeting of the Vatican’s Pontifical Academy for Sciences Monday, he said the two scientific theories weren’t incompatible with the existence of a creator. In remarks interpreted by many as putting an end to the idea of creationism, Pope Francis said, “When we read about creation in Genesis, we run the risk of imagining God was a magician, with a magic wand able to do everything. But that is not so”.
“He created human beings and let them develop according to the internal laws that he gave to each one so they would reach their fulfilment. The Big Bang, which today we hold to be the origin of the world, does not contradict the intervention of the divine creator but, rather, requires it.”
“Evolution in nature is not inconsistent with the notion of creation, because evolution requires the creation of beings that evolve.”
The church has long been held as anti-science. In the 16th century, Italian physicist Galileo was forced to retract his ‘heretic’ theory that the earth revolved around the sun.
But its position has gradually shifted. Recently, former pope Benedict XVI apparently endorsed the idea that ‘intelligent design’ underpins evolution, suggesting ‘natural selection’ alone is insufficient to explain the complexity of the world.

Sahil Khan assaulted by Sana Khan s beau Ismail KhanAccording to Sahil, Ismail attacked him alleging that he gave wrong news about Sana to the press.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:51 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 12:41 pm
‘Style’ actor Sahil Khan has alleged that he was assaulted by actress Sana Khan’s so-called beau Ismail Khan at a gym here.
The incident took place Oct 22 and Sahil registered a complaint with the Amboli police station on the same day. “Investigation is going on, can’t reveal anything right now,” an official from Amboli told IANS.
According to Sahil, Ismail attacked him alleging that he gave wrong news about Sana to the press.
“On Oct 22nd, I was gymming when Ismail attacked me. I didn’t know how to react because I didn’t know why he started hitting me. He started saying that you are jealous of Sana and you are the one who has given wrong stories about her to the press,” Sahil told IANS.
“Actually few days back, some stories about her and Ismail Khan’s fake passports had come out. I have got nothing to do with these reports. I don’t know why he dragged me into all this,” he added.
Sahil also claims that he was threatened for his life by Ismail.
When IANS tried to contact Sana and Ismail, neither returned the calls.

Vodafone  Airtel miss deadline to re-configure networksAirtel
(While seeking six months…)
NEW DELHI: Millions of mobileusers mainly in Delhi and Kolkata are set to face temporary coverage disruptions in the coming months, after the telecom department rejected the request of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India for more time beyond their November metro licence expiry deadlines to re-configure their networks to the new airwaves that were allotted recently.
While seeking six months of additional time, the telcos had warned that the eight-month delay in the allocation of bandwidth, which they had won in the February auctions, had left them little time to reconfigure their networks in the cities before the expiry next month, which will mean disruption of services.
For Airtel alone, this means temporary disruptions of close to 15 million subscribers in Delhi and Kolkata, circles where Vodafone India has a combined 14 million users, as per the August-end data.
The telecom department rejected the request, reasoning that any extension of airwaves will automatically increase the time frame of the allotment, which is typically for 20 years, a top official told ET.
"These operators are seeking an extension of six months. However, if we do so, they will then effectively get an extension of a total of one year for the spectrum that they won in February," the official said. "There could be some disruptions but the telcos would need to manage it." In Delhi, part of Airtel and Vodafone's airwaves in the efficient 900 MHz band were won by Idea Cellular, while the two telecom operators won Loop Mobile's airwaves in the Mumbai circle. In Kolkata, while Airtel got more airwaves than what it had before the sale,Vodafone won fewer units of the bandwidth.
More importantly, the frequencies of the new airwaves that have been allotted to these operators are different from what they had earlier and technical changes, therefore, have to be made to their respective networks.
"The issue here is that the telecom operators now have to reconfigure their networks to new spot frequencies within the same band," said Rajan Mathews, director general of Cellular Operators Association of India — the lobby group for GSM operators. Hence, even though Airtel lost only 3 MHz from its total 8 MHz holding in the 900 MHz band, the remaining 5 MHz has also changed in terms of the spot frequencies within 900 MHz.
With their reduced airwave holdings, telecom operators need "at least a couple of months just for network optimisation which will require them to assess the total load in a particular service area, the new quantum of spectrum and thus how many more towers are required," said Hemant Joshi of Deloitte Haskins & Sells.
The operators have been crying foul saying they are being penalised for a procedural delay on the part of the telecom department. The regulatory heads of Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular are scheduled to meet telecom secretary Rakesh Garg on Friday to discuss the matter.
Mathews confirmed this. "That is why we were asking the telecom department to expedite the allotment of airwaves to us so that we could reconfigure our networks to the new spectrum. Now we need another six months to do so. Operators are not going to earn any revenue from these swapped and newly allotted airwaves," he said.
The operators that won airwaves in the 900 MHz band in the February auctions were issued the earmarking last week. The earmarking letter gives permission to begin using the airwaves from November 30, coinciding with the date of expiry of the current licence holders to use the airwaves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nestle  ITC to become India s third largest FMCG cosconsumer-products maker
(The company spokesperson…)
MUMBAI: Procter & Gamble, one of the top two FMCG firms in the world, has topped Nestle and ITC to become India's third-largest consumer products maker after nearly doubling its sales in the country in the last three years. P&G's three entities in the country, selling a wide variety of products ranging from detergents and shampoo to razors to sanitary napkins, posted combined revenues of Rs 9,274 crore for the year ended March 2014, slightly ahead of Nestle India's Rs 9,197 crore and the FMCG business of ITC that had sales of Rs 8,099 crore.
"In fiscal 2014, we generated robust sales growth across all entities through a strong innovation programmes across product categories and pricing for added consumer benefits," a P&G spokesperson said. Market leader Hindustan Unilever (HUL) is, however, three times P&G's size in India and competes with it in most household and personal care categories. Number two, Amul, is twice as big with over Rs 18,000 crore in sales but doesn't compete with the US consumer giant in any segment.
The company spokesperson said India, one of the fastest growing markets globally for P&G, remains a priority for the Ohio-headquartered giant. Earlier this year, Procter & Gamble merged India, the Middle East and Africa into one IMEA region as part of a significant reorganisation to remove management layers and improve the execution of strategy.
P&G still has a long way to challenge Unilever in India where it trails its smaller global rival in every category in which they compete. "While P&G has significantly narrowed the gap with competition last decade, HUL has made a comeback in the last three years by grabbing back lost market share," said Abneesh Roy, associate director at Edelweiss Securities.
"It's a tough task for P&G now as HUL is getting more competitive as is evident from their marketing campaigns, product innovation as well as reach," he said.Roy said P&G's latest launch in India, Oral B toothpaste, has met with limited success despite years of planning.
P&G has three subsidiaries in the country — Procter & Gamble Health & Hygiene, which markets feminine hygiene brand Whisper and Vicks anti-cold balm; Gillette India, maker of razors and other shaving products; and Procter & Gamble Home Products, best known as the maker of Ariel and Tide detergents. P&G has been clocking compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of about 25% in the country since the last decade.
In the past two years, it has invested over Rs 2,000 crore in the country. Big investments have taken a toll on its local profitability though. The unlisted P&G Home Products posted a loss of Rs 100 core for FY14, down from a loss of Rs 481.5 crore in FY13. The company is unperturbed.
"We continued to drive profitability in a competitive market environment with strong sales growth and productivity driven cost savings," the P&G spokesperson said. "In addition, our focus on end to end efficiencies resulted in positive cash flows from operations." P&G completed setting up a new multi-product plant in Hyderabad last month, as part of a strategy to ramp up local production and distribution to match up HUL in terms of product prices and reach.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dr Reddy s second quarter profit falls 17 pe...Dr Reddy's second quarter net down 17 per cent at Rs 574.1 crore
ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.16AM IST
Tags:
profit
(The company reported sales…)
HYDERABAD: Dr Reddy's Laboratories, the country's second-largest drug maker by sales, reported 17% fall in its net profit for the quarter ended September, which it attributed to price erosion and absence of major product launches in its largest market, the US.
The Hyderabad-based Reddy's reported sales of Rs 3,587 crore in the second quarter, 7% more than a year earlier, while net profit slipped 17% to Rs 574 crore.
Abhijit Mukherjee, chief operating officer at Dr Reddy's, said the US market, which accounts for half of the firm's global generic sales, did not see meaningful launches owing to delay in regulatory approvals. "Increased competition in the US market has also led to customer consolidation, resulting in price erosion.Wherever we are bidding, there is erosion in base business," he told journalists on Wednesday .
Weakened currency in Russian and Ukrainian markets too impacted Dr Reddy's performance in the second quarter.
During the quarter, the company's research and development costs swelled by more than a third Rs 410 crore while its selling, genateral and administrative expenses grew 10% at Rs 1,070 crore.
Dr Reddy's stock slipped 1.11% to close at Rs 3,046 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Wednesday as the results fell short of street expectations. The exchange's benchmark Sensex gained 0.81% to close at 27,098 to close at 27,098 points.
The company saw insignifi cant growth of 8% in its North America generic sales at Rs 1,430 crore, largely due to limited competition drugs it launched during It suffered a 19% the last fiscal. It suffered a 19% fall in Europe sales at Rs 143.4 crore while it reported 11% drop in Russian revenues at Rs 410 crore.
Dr Reddy's sales in India, which accounts for a sixth of its generics revenues, however, rose 14% Rs 480 crore to Mukherjee said Dr Reddy's hoped the second half of the fiscal will be better, although "not very substantial".
Corroborating these hopes, Alok Dalal, analyst with Motilal Oswal Securities, said: "We expect Russian revenues to pick up slightly in the second half due to the onset of winter, which will push sales up. Apart from some launches in the US market, we also expect slight improvement in pharmaceutical services and active ingredients business. Overall, we expect a growth of around 10% in revenues and 7% in net profit for the current fiscal."
 
Dr Reddy's has also announced entering into an asset purchase agreement with Novartis consumer Health Inc to buy title and rights to Habitrol franchise, an over-the-counter nicotine replacement therapy transdermal patch that helps people to quit smoking, in the US market.Calculus 19 Dr Reddy's Labs (DRL) has little to offer to short-term investors. India's second-largest pharmaceutical company is busy investing in its future growth drivers. The company's September quarter performance and the management's commentary on it validates that. Single digit growth (7%) in consolidated revenues and 400 basis points (bps) drop in its operating margin proved to be disappointing. Underperformance of its US business, which contributes the lion share (40%) to the total revenues, was the prime reason of the subdued show.
The US business was impacted by lack of new launches, price erosion and a delay in new approvals. Its business in Russia and Ukraine was hit due to political turmoil and depreciation of the Rouble. While DRL's growth in the local business was better than the industry rate, it couldn't pep up the overall show. The current fiscal may be of moderate growth as risk of price erosion and lack of any major product launch in the US is likely to restrain growth.While structural changes like reduc ing the low margin products and controlling costs are being attempted to improve margins, but their impact cannot be certainly discounted.

2G court summons Maran brothers in Aircel-Maxis caseComments
A special court on Wednesday summoned former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and others in the 2006 Aircel-Maxis deal — as part of the larger 2G spectrum allocation scam case — asking them to appear before it on March 2 next year.
Presiding over the case, special court judge OP Saini said he had gone through the chargesheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and found enough incriminating material to go ahead with the prosecution.
The CBI filed the chargesheet in August, saying they had evidence that Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran, Malaysian businessman T Ananda Krishnan and four others were involved in the dubious deal where Krishnan allegedly paid over Rs. 3,390 crore for 74% equity in cellular services company Aircel. The telecom ministry granted Aircel licences to operate in 14 cash-rich circles.
“I have carefully gone through the copy of the first information report, chargesheet, statements of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case,” the judge said. “I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on the record to proceed against the accused person.”
The CBI in its chargesheet said the former telecom minister used his influence to help Krishnan acquire Aircel by coercing its owner C Sivasankaran to part with his stake. The investigating agency booked all accused under charges of criminal conspiracy and under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Sivasankaran alleged that Maran favoured the Maxis Group in the takeover of his company, saying Maxis in return, made investments through Astro Network in a company owned by the Maran family.
Four companies — Chennai-based Sun Direct TV, UK-based Astro All Asia Networks, Maxis Communications Berhad of Malaysia and the South Asia Entertainment Holdings of Mauritius — have been also named in the CBI chargesheet.

Maharashtra: Devendra Fadnavis elected CM; but can he deliverComments
Can chief minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis transform the state the way former chief ministers Narendra Modi and Nitish Kumar changed Gujarat and Bihar respectively or how Manohar Parrikar is changing Goa?
That is the big question as the new lean BJP government comes to power under Fadnavis on Friday.
If the BJP has to deliver on the aspirations of crores of Maharashtrians, Fadnavis will have to overcome the limitations of not having clear majority in the Assembly to make a substantial impact on the state in the next five years.
And he will have to prioritise on two aspects the BJP had been crying hoarse about in its poll campaign — development and a corruptionfree government.
“Coalition politics diluted the CM’s power. That needs to be reinstitutionalised for any real progress. Strong support must be given to the bureaucracy by getting the best people to man key departments," said B Venkatesh Kumar, political analyst.
And, therein perhaps lies the challenge for Fadnavis. If the young CM-elect has to do a Modi, he will have to dominate over his senior colleagues in the government like Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde besides tackling an unhappy Sena if it joins the government.
If the Sena does not join the government, Fadnavis will have to keep the NCP happy even as he takes corruption head on. On the face of it, these are mutually exclusive goals.
“Sitting in the opposition and running a government are two different things. It remains to be seen how Fadnavis overcomes these limitations. Can he take dynamic and speedy decisions to spur infrastructure if he is constantly worried about his government’s clean image. Can he get the bureaucracy out of its lethargy and wariness post the Adarsh and irrigation scam?" a senior bureaucrat said.
Experts feel even if Fadnavis delivers on a few key priorities, he will make a big change. “The top priorities should be infrastructure and improving governance.
The city’s makeover should be back on the agenda with certain key projects such as the transharbour link getting immediate priority.
Transformational legislations such as the Right to Services [also introduced as a bill by Fadnavis earlier], which promises timely delivery of citizen services whether it is registration of property or a licence, should be carried out,’’ said Sanjay Ubale, a former bureaucrat and CEO at Tata Infrastructure, who headed the Mumbai makeover in 2003, before leaving the IAS service.
 

Vietnam PM-Modi meet helps bridge gapprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Vietnamese counterpart, Nguyen Tan Dung, at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi. (Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
The strategic gap that kept India and Vietnam apart in the past may have at least been bridged with the present Vietnamese prime minister's visit.
The two have a bond going back to India's support for Vietnam in its successive wars with France, the US and China. Both have territorial disputes with China and want to use third countries to counterbalance Beijing's preponderance. But geography has been an issue: India cannot project its naval power into the South China Sea and Vietnam is too far to help New Delhi in its border issues with Beijing.
The 2007 strategic partnership struggled to get substance. The two countries have flirted, but have seen other countries as more useful for keeping the dragon at bay.
Countries often pose tests to each other, asking the other side to show the depth of their strategic love. Until recently, India and Vietnam were failing each other's tests.
India had seen a planned $5 billion Tata Steel plant in Vietnam as a test given evidence that Beijing, using a front company, was the obstacle. When the plant foundered, industry sources say, Hanoi stepped in and Tata Power wound up with a $3.8 billion thermal power project in "record time."
Vietnam, in turn, begged for the Brahmos cruise missile as it desperately needed a ship-killer to counter China's naval superiority. Until last year, the other Brahmos partner Russia had declined to allow the sale. After Moscow gave the green signal, it was up to India.
Read: India to strengthen defence cooperation with Vietnam
New Delhi, say official sources, have now told the Vietnamese that they would be provided "anything they wanted militarily" - Brahmos included. However, India was in the process of negotiating its entry into the Missile Control Technology Regime, a global technology denial regime for 300-km plus range missiles that had so far kept India out. Once it got into the MTCR, India would have access to top-end missile and rocket technology and greater ability to export the same. Message to Hanoi: the missile is yours once we're in. A civil nuclear agreement could follow when India joins another technology denial regime, the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Jay Ranade, head of the Centre for China Analysis and Strategy, says that "At the very least, India should begin negotiations with Vietnam. This would in any case take some time and would allow us to, one, monitor developments on the Chinese front and, two, send a message to Beijing."
India also wants to diversify its investment portfolio in Vietnam. New Delhi is concerned that it will be unable to join the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement presently being negotiated and wants to use Vietnam, a likely member, to serve as a gateway into the TPP market later on. The two sides also had informal talks about a possible trilateral with Japan, another strategic hedge that both sides are considering.
China will be unhappy, say sources, but as the recent Chinese nuclear submarine docking in Sri Lanka showed, India's sense is that it will need a Vietnam to give a similar naval poke to China as and when needed.

Global consumer confidence: India at top  says NielsenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How women can get the first daterightPrint
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:44 pm
If you have only talked over the phone, looked at a profile picture or texted each other – he really doesn’t know exactly how you look until you turn up on your first date. So the first important thing is to dress right for the first meeting.
Chiara Atik, a dating expert and author of “Modern Dating: A Field Guide,” feels that looks matter the most during the first date.
“We asked men what are the things they first notice about women. One thing they brought up often was clothing. Indeed, it does say a lot about who you are. The date uses clothing to determine if he might like you and if you might get along,” femalefirst.co.uk quoted Atik as saying.
Choosing the right colour is the best way to start with.
Different colours can be symbolic of aspects of your personality so choose one that describes you best. Here are the colours with their significance:
Red: Your are exciting, dangerous and sexual. Men believe that you are more likely to agree to sex wearing this colour.
Blue: You are calm and encouraging and a creative thinker. Blues are associated with summer skies and clear oceans – holidays and days off come to mind when seeing this colour.
Grey: You are authoritative and have direction in everything you do. That is why many businesswomen choose this colour – one that encourages people to take you seriously.
Yellow: You are gentle, friendly and approachable. Think bunches of flowers and sunshine- it brings out the happy, carefree side in you and your date.
White: It’s bridal, virginal and symbolic of innocence, so it’s no surprise that men think that you are least likely to agree to sex in this colour. So if you are a third date kind of gal then this is the perfect colour to convey the message- ‘not tonight mister’!

India ranks 142 in latest  Ease of Doing Business  report: World Bank"Ease of Doing Business" report
(India’s ranking slipped…)
NEW DELHI: India has slipped further on the World Bank's 'Ease of Doing Business' index, at 142 among 189 countries as on June 1 from 134 last year, but the global lender has taken care to distance from this slide the Narendra Modiled NDA government which took charge barely a week earlier and soon set about improving the country's business environment and perception among overseas investors.
"We do not want to send the impression that the drop in India's ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation (government)," Augusto Lopez-Claros, director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics, World Bank Group said about the latest ranking released on Wednesday. Singapore retained the top spot in the ranking, followed by New Zealand, Hong Kong, Denmark and South Korea.
The NDA government has announced a series of measures to fast-track decisionmaking, reduce regulatory compliance burden and bring down cost of doing business, setting itself the goal of improving India's rank to within top 50 on this widely followed index."World Bank has used the data till May 2014, whereas most measures to improve doing business were undertaken subsequent to that, from June end," a senior government official said.
"We are now making structural changes towards business process re-engineering using a digital platform. Our target must be to come into the top 50. A lot of work has already started. It will be visible in the next year's doing business rankings," added the official, requesting anonymity.
India's ranking slipped even as its score was higher at 53.7, as a result of having undertaken three reforms, since the other countries reformed at a faster pace.
"The current ranking is relative to other countries and depends on the pace with which we take on these reforms. Going forward, India will not just have to improve on several parameters of doing business but also improve faster than other countries so as to improve its position in the overall ranking," DK Pant of India Ratings said.
While India made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, it also made it more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations, the report said.
The World Bank has made changes to how the rankings are compiled by increasing the number of indicators and extending the coverage to Delhi, the second largest business city in the country, which has also been taken into account this year along with Mumbai.
There was some good news, too, for India, with the report pointing out that the country follows the largest share of the good practices measured by the new indices introduced to capture protection of minority investors. These are extent of shareholder rights, strength of governance structure and extent of corporate transparency.
"Among 189 economies worldwide, India follows the largest share of the good practices measured by the new indices," the reported noted, putting India at the seventh place.Joshi of Crisil said India should figure higher in the rankings next year as attempts are being made to improve the business environment in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eveready Gains on Rival Duracell s Planned Sale by P&GIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Battery maker Eveready Industries India jumped 4.4 per cent, its highest since April 2006.
Rival Duracell's sale by Procter & Gamble Co will lead to higher relative valuations and aid market share, said traders.
Stock has added 7.4 per cent gain over last two sessions since P&G's announcement on Friday. Procter & Gamble said it would sell its Duracell battery business, probably through a split-off.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Dr Reddy s Labs Q2 disappoints  net falls 17% to Rs 574 crOct 29, 2014, 05.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dr Reddy's Labs Q2 disappoints, net falls 17% to Rs 574 cr
Consolidated operating profit during the quarter declined 12.2 percent year-on-year to Rs 646.5 crore and margin dropped 400 basis points to 18 percent as against expectations of Rs 800 crore (up 8.8 percent) and 21.6 percent, respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dr Reddy's Labs Q2 disappoints, net falls 17% to Rs 574 cr
Consolidated operating profit during the quarter declined 12.2 percent year-on-year to Rs 646.5 crore and margin dropped 400 basis points to 18 percent as against expectations of Rs 800 crore (up 8.8 percent) and 21.6 percent, respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Drug maker Dr Reddy's Laboratories ' second quarter consolidated net profit fell 16.8 percent to Rs 574 crore compared to Rs 690.2 crore in the year-ago period.
Profit was slightly above estimates but topline and operational performance missed street expectations. Profit was expected at Rs 537 crore on revenue of Rs 3,702 crore (up 10.3 percent) for the quarter, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Net sales grew by 6.9 percent to Rs 3,588 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 3,357 crore in same quarter last year. The slow growth in sales was due to tepid growth in North American market (up 8 percent only) and fall in Russian business.
Consolidated operating profit during the quarter declined 12.2 percent year-on-year to Rs 646.5 crore and margin dropped 400 basis points to 18 percent (hit by high R&D expenses) as against expectations of Rs 800 crore (up 8.8 percent) and 21.6 percent, respectively.
Research and development expenses continued to be very high during the quarter, rising 36 percent year-on-year to Rs 411.3 crore in July-September quarter. Contribution of R&D expenses to revenues increased to 11.5 percent in the quarter from 9 percent in Q2FY14.
Selling, general and administrative expenses climbed 9.6 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 1,067.33 crore (contributed 30 percent to total revenues). Tax expenses jumped 51 percent to Rs 119.64 crore from Rs 79.3 crore during the same period while other income slipped 58 percent to Rs 26.56 crore from Rs 64 crore.
Global generics revenue increased by 9 percent on yearly basis to Rs 2,886.8 crore with EBIT rising 7.7 percent to Rs 1,892.7 crore, primarily driven by India, rest of the world market territories (primarily Venezuela) and North America. North America territory reported a 8 percent growth while emerging markets and India reported 14 percent growth each but in emerging markets, revenues from Russia declined 11 percent on account of the Rouble devaluation.
PSAI (pharmaceutical services and active ingredients) business reported a 6 percent growth at Rs 830 crore with EBIT climbing 8 percent to Rs 171.2 crore during the quarter.
The drug maker earned a net finance income of Rs 42.1 crore during the quarter, increased compared to Rs 29.1 crore in Q2FY14.
During the quarter the company launched nine new generic products, filed 10 new product registrations and 28 DMFs globally.
Meanwhile, Dr Reddy's Labs said (on October 18) it entered into an asset purchase agreement with Novartis Consumer Health Inc to acquire title and rights to Habltrol franchise (an over-the-counter nicotine replacement therapy transdermal patch) and to market product in the US territory.
At 12:58 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,031, down Rs 49.65, or 1.61 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Fed easy-policy stance to stay; S&P may breach old highs: Macquarie08:00 am
The US Federal is expected to wrap up its bond-buying program by October as scheduled but it is expected to keep interest rates low for longer than previously expected, according to Richard Gibbs, Global Head of Australia-based Macquarie Securities.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Gibbs said both stock and bond markets around the world will take the end of quantitative easing in their stride, and that aided by lower crude prices, the “risk rally” continues to remain under way.
“We see the prospect of a strong November,” Gibbs, said adding that the S&P 500 in the US could take out the all-time highs it had scaled recently. “This would be on the back on strong US consumption. There’s nothing like lower gasoline prices to warm the hearts of US consumers as they move into Thanksgiving. That is going to augur well for markets around the world.”
Low crude prices were also good news for markets such as India, he said, adding that he would favour stocks such as cyclicals and some consumer plays.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Is it pretty much certain that the Fed will indicate that the bond buying will end. What will you look for in the statement?
A: That’s certainly is the indication that the bond buying and the tapering programme will be wrapped up in October as we had expected. What we will be looking for in the statement is whether or not is there any change in relation to the Fed funds rate being maintained at a very low level for considerable amount of time after we have concluded the tapering programme or the asset purchase programme. If there is any change in that language like the removal of the words ‘considerable time’, it will be taken as a more hawkish approach or statement by the Fed. At this stage, the market is expecting a fairly dovish approach by the Fed and that is to say that though we are maintaining zero interest rates for longer than previously expected.
Sonia: The month of November will be the first month in 37 months that the Fed will not be buying long-term securities. How do you think the global markets will take that?
A: Global markets today are taking it pretty well. We are seeing four days of rally now in Asian markets including India – that’s a good sign, it suggests that the concerns about policy spillover effects of last year maybe well behind this now and that’s another good sign. We have got two other important developments occurring as we move into November: if US consumers are feeling pretty good about them in the world and that’s pretty important as we move into Thanksgiving holiday period of trade and the the ongoing decline in the price of crude oil.
Latha: You think that now the risk rally is on once again. It had petered out in late September and early October. Do you think its back in all its ferocity and it’s only a matter of days before that 2,000 or 2,010 on the S&P 500 is conquered?
A: You are right and we have talked this few months ago with a prospect of strong November and finish through the year. It has happened in the past and it may well be positioning to happen again this time particularly on the back of much more buoyant US consumers and consumption and there is nothing like lower gasoline prices to warm the hearts of US consumers as they move into Thanksgiving. I have just come back from US and I have got to say that the sentiment is on the up and up and that is going to augur well for the market sentiment around the world.
Latha: What is your pecking order of equity markets now in the emerging market space and what is the attitude to India? Do valuations look justified now or even undervalued because crude is such a big input?
A: I think crude is a big input and that is the important variable now that we are now looking at. The pecking order revolves around south Asia as we speak and north Asia at this point in time tided a bit by China and what we are seeing with China in the potential for the emergence of a lower growth trajectory there and uncertainty as well about the 2015 growth target for the Chinese authorities. That’s got a shadow over that market for the time being.
Certainly lower crude prices will figure prominently through south Asia and those markets also will assists Indonesia importantly in south east Asia with a very high consumption base and India. So, they are probably the two key markets at this point in time; India and Indonesia, which are coming to the fore. Eastern Europe emerging caught up with Russia now and the recession there, so they are not looking good and in Latin America of course Mexico continues to be the standout there in stock contrast to Brazil to what we are seeing there with the economy recessing, Argentina and Chile and Columbia into the mix as well for those emerging markets in Latin America.
Sonia: Between developed and emerging markets which pocket will outperform for the next 6-12 months?
A: I still think the United States is the key market and it’s a signature market for global risk markets, equity markets generally, but the valuations there still seems reasonable, earnings growth and performance that we are seeing coming in is – if its not impressing that much it certainly passing the test and that is the market that is going to remain on the vanguard.
Having said that US dollar of course and US dollar denominated assets generally are going to remain at the top of the pecking order for most investors. You then place behind that most likely the euro zone and remain to be seen have much more the European Central Bank (ECB) does, of course UK is also doing reasonably well in the mix of things and Japan behind that.
Latha: Is there any more colour you can give in terms of your stock selection or sector selection in India. You identified it as one of your preferred markets in the emerging space. Would it be cyclical stocks because of this crude advantage? Would it be the IT, defensive, pharmaceutical names? What will you like?
A: We are out of the defensives at the moment because the market is taking on risk again, capital is flowing and I expect we are going to have a strong November into December. We are looking at those cyclical, obviously in that space as well transportation and infrastructure to an extent look good but certainly transportation, logistics with the expectation that we are going to see lower crude prices – that’s also going to feature on the consumption side. So, of course consumer stocks are also looking to be well placed in that environment. Yes, we will be looking for cyclical. Deep growth cyclical remains to be seen but I suspect its going to be back to risk on as we move towards the end of the year.
RELATED NEWS

OBC Q2 profit rises 16% to Rs 291 cr  asset quality weakensOct 29, 2014, 01.30 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
OBC Q2 profit rises 16% to Rs 291 cr, asset quality weakens
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and interest expended, grew by 2.7 percent to Rs 1,246.3 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 1,281 crore in the year-ago period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OBC Q2 profit rises 16% to Rs 291 cr, asset quality weakens
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and interest expended, grew by 2.7 percent to Rs 1,246.3 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 1,281 crore in the year-ago period.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Public sector lender  Oriental Bank of Commerce  (OBC) met street expectations with the second quarter profit rising 16 percent year-on-year to Rs 291 crore supported by other income and tax writeback but the asset quality of the bank weakened and provisions increased further during the quarter.
Net interest income, the difference between interest earned and interest expended, grew by 2.7 percent to Rs 1,246.3 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 1,281 crore in the year-ago period.
Net profit was expected at Rs 285.4 crore and net interest income at Rs 1,257.5 crore for the quarter, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Other income climbed 25.9 percent to Rs 392.65 crore in September quarter from Rs 311.87 crore in same quarter last year.
Provisions and contingencies jumped 18.4 percent sequentially and 16.5 percent on yearly basis to Rs 641.2 crore during the quarter with the provision coverage ratio at 58.96 percent as on September 2014.
On the asset quality front, gross non-performing assets (NPAs) increased 41 basis points Q-o-Q (up 97 bps Y-o-Y) to 4.74 percent and net NPA rose 18 bps Q-o-Q (up 60 bps Y-o-Y) to 3.29 percent in the quarter gone by.
There was a net tax writeback of Rs 78 crore during the quarter as against tax paid of Rs 23 crore in the year-ago period.
At 13:29 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 266.50, down Rs 12.35, or 4.43 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Happy New Year adds to big bonanza for PVR during DiwaliOct 29, 2014, 01.17 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Happy New Year adds to big bonanza for PVR during Diwali
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Kamal Gianchandani, President of PVR Pictures spoke about sales exceeding company’s expectations backed by pre-festivities and Diwali cheer.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Happy New Year adds to big bonanza for PVR during Diwali
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Kamal Gianchandani, President of PVR Pictures spoke about sales exceeding company’s expectations backed by pre-festivities and Diwali cheer.
Post your opinion here
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar, Kamal Gianchandani, President of PVR Pictures  spoke about sales exceeding company’s expectations backed by pre-festivities and Diwali cheer.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you tell us about how has the occupancy panned out pre-festive season as well as performance of new releases along with the latest release Happy New Year?
A: Well, the pre-festive season and I will go back to the Dussehra holidays has been extremely encouraging. I would say that the expectations that we had with the festivals have been met with and in case of Diwali those expectations have been exceeded.
For Dussehra, we had Bang Bang and Haider competing with each other for patrons and for mindshare of audiences, as we were expecting an ideal situation where both films co-existed and flourished at the box office and that is exactly what happened. Bang Bang turned out to be a big commercial success and Haider turned out to be great counter programming initiative where it attracted absolutely different set of audiences.
Quite honestly, the week before Diwali, so Dussehra last for 2 weeks, the sort of impact for these two pictures lasted for about 2 weeks, then we got into the pre-Diwali week which traditionally has been the weak period. It was as per expectations this year as well.
With Diwali, we had Happy New Year which had Shah Rukh and Farah coming after two successful films- Main Hoon Na and Om Shanti Om. Red Chillies is producing it and solo release on Diwali, Diwalli day as the release date. Shah Rukh Khan has had traditionally a very strong relationship and this year was no exception. Happy New Year has turned out to be a bonanza at Diwali for both patrons and exhibitors. The film is a blockbuster. Even Monday, which is a weekday after a humungous start at Friday, Saturday, Sunday, the film is sustaining really well. Occupancy at some cinemas is as high as 70-75 percent, which is exceptionally high for weekdays. Therefore, we are extremely satisfied; I would go to the extent to say that this Diwali has exceeded our expectations.
PVR stock price
On December 05, 2014, PVR closed at Rs 693.00, down Rs 6.75, or 0.96 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 746.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 465.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.90 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 77.87. The latest book value of the company is Rs 94.59 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.33.
RELATED NEWS

Adani hires Parsons Brinckerhoff for Australia coal projectOct 29, 2014, 12.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Adani hires Parsons Brinckerhoff for Australia coal project
Brinkerhoff, a project management and infrastructure consulting firm, will be Adani's PMC partner for the Phase 1 contract encompassing Adani's planned works for the Carmichael mine, North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) and expansion at the port of Abbot Point.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Adani hires Parsons Brinckerhoff for Australia coal project
Brinkerhoff, a project management and infrastructure consulting firm, will be Adani's PMC partner for the Phase 1 contract encompassing Adani's planned works for the Carmichael mine, North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) and expansion at the port of Abbot Point.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian conglomerate Adani Wednesday named the US-based Company Parsons Brinckerhoff as its project management contractor for the long-delayed USD 15 billion Carmichael mine, rail and port project in Australia.
Brinkerhoff, a project management and infrastructure consulting firm, will be Adani's PMC partner for the Phase 1 contract encompassing Adani's planned works for the Carmichael mine, North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) and expansion at the port of Abbot Point, the company said in a statement.
The Carmichael Mine will supply high quality, cost efficient coal to India and other Asian markets. The mine received final environmental approval from Australia in August.
The NGBR, the principal component of the company's planned 388-km rail link from Carmichael to the port at Abbot Point, will be Queensland's first standard gauge rail line, helping drive lower costs for Adani and other producers. It received environmental approval from Australia last month.
The port at Abbot Point, which has operated safely and without incident for 30 years, will be expanded to help deliver these vital exports from the Galilee Basin to markets in India and throughout Asia, helping to provide energy security and light the lives of millions of families.
This integrated mine, rail and port project will provide more than 10,000 jobs in Queensland, supply opportunities for small and medium sized businesses in the state, and deliver a multi-billion dollar royalty stream that will underpin the delivery of essential services in local communities.
Parsons Brinckerhoff will be responsible for leading an integrated Adani/Parsons Brinckerhoff PMC team, delivering and managing assurance services for the various engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) contracts associated with the integrated project on behalf of Adani Mining.
Adani Mining CEO and Australian Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said the Parsons Brinckerhoff contract reflected the growing confidence leading infrastructure firms have in the progress of the company's integrated mine, rail and port project, as Adani's integrated project promptly shifts to the build phase.
"Taken together with Adani's recently concluded agreement with POSCO E&C to deliver EPC management for the NGBR, and the recent finalisation of our environmental approvals, as well as the royalty deal with Linc Energy to help drive yet lower production costs, we are well placed to commence construction in the first quarter of 2015 in line with our guidance of first coal in 2017."
Brinckerhoff's current PMC portfolio includes major sites such as Roy Hill and, globally, projects with an aggregate value of USD 100 billion.
Further partnership announcements are anticipated prior to the end of this calendar year, ahead of construction works on some components of the project commencing in Q1, 2015.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex holds 27000  midcap smallcaps rally too; autos upOct 29, 2014, 12.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex holds 27000, midcap & smallcaps rally too; autos up
Midcaps and Smallcaps traded with gains of more than 0.6 percent while the market breadth remained firm with two shares advancing for every share declining on the NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex holds 27000, midcap & smallcaps rally too; autos up
Midcaps and Smallcaps traded with gains of more than 0.6 percent while the market breadth remained firm with two shares advancing for every share declining on the NSE.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:30pm Dr Reddy's Labs disappoints street
Drug maker Dr Reddy's Laboratories' second quarter consolidated net profit fell 16.8 percent to Rs 574 crore compared to Rs 690.2 crore in the year-ago period.
Profit was slightly above estimates but topline and operational performance missed street expectations. Profit was expected at Rs 537 crore on revenue of Rs 3,702 crore (up 10.3 percent) for the quarter, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Net sales grew by 6.9 percent to Rs 3,588 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 3,357 crore in same quarter last year.
Consolidated operating profit during the quarter declined 12.2 percent year-on-year to Rs 646.5 crore and margin dropped 400 basis points to 18 percent as against expectations of Rs 800 crore (up 8.8 percent) and 21.6 percent, respectively. The stock fell nearly 4 percent.
12:00pm Market Check
The market continued to trade strong on the back of positive global cues and strong buying in heavyweights like Infosys, ITC and Reliance Industries. Midcaps and Smallcaps traded with gains of more than 0.6 percent while the market breadth remained firm with two shares advancing for every share declining on the NSE.
The 30-share BSE Sensex rose 164.73 points to 27045.55 and the Nifty climbed 42.65 points to 8070.25.
Hero Motocorp held more than a percent gains as RBI allowed foreign investors to buy up to 49 percent of the paid up capital of the company. As of quarter ended September 2014, FIIs held 34.34 percent stake in the company.
Tata Motors kept its top position in the buying list, up 2.7 percent followed by Mahindra & Mahindra and Tata Steel with more than 2 percent rally. Infosys and Reliance Industries climbed over 1.5 percent while ITC gained 0.9 percent.
Just Dial bounced back with 6 percent gains after losing 16 percent in the last 2 days.
Asian markets extended the rally with the Shanghai, Hang Seng and Nikkei rallying more than a percent on positive US cues.
11:01

Amitabh Bachchan now focuses on movies  says await verdict ofmassesAmitabh Bachchan is currently shooting for three projects - 'Shamitabh', 'Piku' and 'Wazir'.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:47 pm
After wrapping up the eighth edition of game show ‘Kaun Banega Crorepati’ (KBC), megastar Amitabh Bachchan now awaits the “verdict of masses” on his forthcoming films set for a 2015 release.
The 72-year-old is currently shooting for three projects – ‘Shamitabh’, ‘Piku’ and ‘Wazir’.
Director R. Balakrishnan, fondly called Balki, is helming ‘Shamitabh’ that also features Dhanush and marks the Bollywood debut of southern superstar actor Kamal Haasan’s daughter Akshara.
Filmmaker Shoojit Sircar’s ‘Piku’ will see Amitabh along with Deepika Padukone and Irrfan, while ‘Wazir’ is Bejoy Nambiar’s directorial venture, which is written and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. The film also stars Farhan Akhtar and Aditi Rao Hyadri.
“KBC over shall mean greater concentration on the films on hand .. with ‘Shamitabh’ and ‘Piku’ and ‘Wazir’ the Vinod Chopra produced Bijoy Nambiar directed film on the floors now …,” he said in his blog post.
“All to be released by the year of 2015…and I await the verdict, as do many that are involved in it, when it shall reach the masses… the masses … the final answer, the final question, the final outcome…”
The grand finale episode of the eighth edition of KBC will be aired Nov 9 on Sony Entertainment Television.

Amole Guptes Hawa Hawaai wins top honour at Germany FilmFestivalPrint
It's the season of awards and some Indian movies are going great as far as these coveted trophies are concerned. After Shahid Kapoor's 'Haider' winning the People's Choice Award at the recently concluded Rome Film Festival, another Indian movie has bagged a top honour at another International Film Festival.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:09 pm
It’s the season of awards and some Indian movies are going great as far as these coveted trophies are concerned. After Shahid Kapoor’s ‘Haider’ winning the People’s Choice Award at the recently concluded Rome Film Festival, another Indian movie has bagged  a top honour at another International Film Festival.
Filmmaker Amole Gupte’s ‘Hawa Hawaai’, which opened to good reviews in India, has won the Top Award for Best Film in the 19th Schlingel Film Festival held in Chemnitz, Germany in the Junior Film Category. There were 136 movies from 40 countries in the running for the award.
Featuring Partho Gupte (Amole Gupte’s son) and Saqib Saleem, the movie was produced by Fox Star Studios and directed by Amole Gupte. The movie is a tribute to people who dare to dream and had amassed critical acclaim when it released in May 2014 in India.
After winning the honour, Amole Gupte was quoted saying, “I am so thankful to this learned jury for recognising the art and the intent in the making of ‘Hawaa Hawaai’. This top honour puts the film on a very special shelf of cinema.”
Reportedly, the prize money for the top award equals to around a thousand Euros.

The new Kindle: Good upgrade  but you might miss abacklightPrint
The Kindle is still the best e-reader in the market. The latest version gives you better features at a very affordable Rs 5,999.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:01 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 2:05 pm
The Kindle e-reader has for the past seven years been the saviour of the written word. While there is no replacement for the trophy value of a book, the Kindle has given bookworms a mobile, viable alternative. Over the years, the Kindle has morphed into many versions adding usability and offering different price points. The latest entry-level Kindle is a upgrade that adds some simple new features.
Design and Readability: The new Kindle does not look much different from the last Kindle or even the Paperwhite. The one big difference that is noticeable is the 6-inch touchscreen, which is now glossy and smooth. It is a bit lighter than before, even with the cover on.
It also has much less glare, even in sunlight. But this does not mean there is no glare at all. I had issues while reading at night and had to get the position right to reduce glare from the tubelight in the room. This version does not come with a backlight and hence you will need a light while reading indoors.
The other big change is the lock screen, which now shows promotions from Amazon. You can click to go directly to the book and purchase — this is most often a book that is at a discounted price. There is also a swipe to unlock option on the lock screen now.
Performance: This Kindle comes with most features you would see on top end version. Yes, you will miss the backlight if you have used a Kindle with one before. But you will also notice that this one is faster than the older version. Page flips are instant and ghosting is reduced. You will see the last page hang around for longer if there were images on it. But this is not an issue with text-only pages.
Even with the experimental browser, this one connect faster to the web than before. In fact, my Paperwhite forget the home network quite often, but I did not face this issue with the new Kindle.
First time users will love the ability to share what you are reading on your social networks, as well as the Goodreads features that show what your friends are reading. While the impatient among us can flip through the pages and come back in an instant. There is also the X-ray feature, that comes in handy when you are reading books with complex plots and far too many characters.
Verdict: The Kindle is still the best e-reader in the market. The latest version gives you better features at a very affordable Rs 5,999, while opening up access to an ever-expanding digital library. If you love books, then this is a must-have. If you can afford it, I suggest you get the Kindle Paperwhite just for the backlight.

Corrections  Clarifications andDisclaimersPosted: October 29, 2014 1:54 pm | Updated: November 12, 2014 10:26 am
November 11
Responding to a report, ‘Trilokpuri riots: Police were violent with Muslim women’ (November 9) , the Delhi Police has said that the headline and contents of the news item were “misleading and far removed from the truth”.
“The report states that male police officers had used force against Muslim women. Fact is that a large contingent of women police force was deployed in the area, so the question of male police officers dealing with women did not arise… not a single case of crime against women, or even misbehaviour with women has been reported in Trilokpuri during the time the riots broke out or even after that,” Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said.
The reporter replies: The report is based on a complaint filed before the Delhi Minorities Commission by the Social Democratic Party of India. The report only cited the contents of the complaint. The commission is seized of the complaint and is examining the contentions raised in it. The report also quotes the chairman of the commission saying that the commission did not have the police version in the case. This too has been stated in the report. The Indian Express, on its part, also contacted the Delhi Police for its reaction to the allegations made in the complaint. The report included a quote from a senior police official who, speaking on the condition of anonymity, denied the allegations.
October 29
The report ‘ Surya Prakash appointed Prasar Bharti chairman ‘ described Prakash as a Fellow at the Vivekananda International Foundation, the New Delhi think tank from where ‘National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Principal Secretary (to the PM) Nripendra Misra and Additional Principal Secretary (in the PMO) PK Mishra were all handpicked”. This is incorrect. P K Mishra, a former IAS officer of the Gujarat cadre and former Agriculture Secretary, was never associated with the VIF.
The error is deeply regretted.
October 28
The article ‘ Modi, moment, constitution ’ by Salman Khurshid on the Edit Page referred to “the famous Hindutva judgment of Justice A.N. Varma”. The judgment was delivered by the late Chief Justice J S Verma.
October 27
The report ‘ NSA Doval may visit Burdwan blast site today… ’ referred to the “hands of a Bangladeshi terror group” instead of ‘the hand of’.
The ‘Explained’ on ‘ The rise and fall of Artha Tatwa ’ used the figure of speech “promised the moon”, but without the ‘the’.
The errors are regretted

Unearthing black money can add $30 bn to FX reserves: BofA | Govt submits listBOFA
(BofA-ML has worked with…)
MUMBAI: The ongoing efforts to bring back black money could help in shoring up foreign exchange reserves by a whopping $30 billion to $35 billion, a brokerage report said today.
The government placed a list with the names of 627 Indian account holders in HSBC Bank, Geneva before the Supreme Court today, in a sealed envelope, after the apex court had lashed out at the government yesterday and ordered disclosure of all the names of black money holders abroad.
"The government can add $30 billion to $35 billion to forex reserves , over time, if it is able to unearth some of Indians' black money abroad," Bank of America-Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) said in a report.
The country's foreign exchange reserves stood at $13.682 billion as of the week ended October 17, according to Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) data.
According to an estimate, Indians' deposits in Swiss bank accounts is in the range of $2 billion to $2 trillion.
BoFA-ML said that it had worked out an estimate of capital flight of about $200 billion, based on a recent research study.
"If even half of this amount is unearthed and taxed at 30 per cent to 35 per cent, this could add three to four months of current import cover to foreign exchange reserves, overtime, when import cover is running low at 8.3 months," the report said.
The report also said the RBI would need to buy $30 billion to $35 billion of US currency to maintain an eight- month import cover by March 2016.
It expects the RBI to hold the Indian rupee at the 58-62 level assuming that the Euro/US dollar remains around current levels.
The report said the government is unlikely to announce a tax amnesty scheme to bring back black money stashed away in Swiss bank accounts.
"In our view, VDIS schemes discriminate against honest tax payers, although they allow the government to raise revenue quickly," the BofA-ML report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hidden gems in midcaps that can become multi...Hidden gems in midcaps that can become multibaggers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.17PM IST
(Analysts are advising investors…)
MUMBAI: The broader markets moved higher in trade today as retail investors continued buying stocks in anticipation of continuation of the rally as economy picks up.
Analysts are advising investors to stick to quality companies that have strong balance sheets and good corporate governance.
The momentum in the midcaps and largecaps is expected to continue in the long term with some short term jitters such as concerns of hike in interest rates in the US, slowdown in Europe and China and uptick in inflation back home.
Well many stocks from broader markets have rallied in the recent rally; analysts have picked stocks that have the potential to give solid returns in the long term.
Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India
Datamatics
Datamatics is one small company in the IT sector. It did not do anything recently. This is a stock I got around Rs 35 levels a year ago. Now it is around Rs 70. Look at the consolidated numbers of this company, everything is in place and this looks to be a good stock.
Nitta Gelatin India:
It is a Kerala-based company listed only with the BSE. They had some labour and environmental problems, but all these have been solved today.
It is a joint venture between the Kerala Government and Nitta Gelatin of Japan. It is a small company, but it has the potential to grow big and the stock is very illiquid.
HPCL:
The stock can double from the current levels. After many years, I bought a PSU company for my portfolio first time last year. Then HPCL was at around Rs 250 levels and today it has come to around 500 levels. They gave huge dividends also.
I prefer HPCL for the capability for its marketcap to go up more than others. If it is allowed to function commercially — with commercial freedom — then it will do wonders. This is a publicly-held company. It is wrong for the government not to allow this company to function commercially.
Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors
Thomas Cook:
As the economy grows, a lot of people will travel on business within India and abroad. One can look at names like Thomas Cook, which deals in holiday packages for flights travellers.
I am less inclined to look at the airlines at the moment because of all the problems that we know exist within the industry. I would like to find the suppliers to people's needs in the service sector.
Indian Hotels
The whole supply theme is going to play out over the next two years across all sectors. One of the companies service sector to look at is Indian Hotels.
It does not sound like a manufacturing company, but it supplies hotel rooms. If occupancy rates are growing at 50-60 per cent, then it is going to move up by 70 per cent.
This means huge operational gearing for this company. And, of course, they will have pricing power as well. So, it is about supplying things across different sectors.
Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities
Mangalam Cement
We are looking at price target of Rs 350 for Mangalam Cement. The opportunity in Mangalam is much more than most of the other companies. Cement as a sector is definitely good. You can pick up any of midcap cement companies and make money in it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money case: Centre submits list with 627 names of foreign account holders to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Nasa s Antares rocket explosion in 11 mind-blowing picturesNasa's 14-story unmanned Antares rocket headed for the International Space Station exploded on Tuesday, seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad on Virginia's eastern seaboard.
related stories
Nasa rocket blast: Russian-built engines suspected
"Something went wrong, and we will find out what that is," Frank Culbertson, executive vice president at Orbital Sciences, said at a press briefing.
Thankfully, no loss of life has been reported. Orbital Sciences said in a statement on Tuesday, "We've confirmed that all personnel have been accounted for. We have no injuries in the operation today," Reuters reported.
Furthermore, NASA Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier told the press, "there was no cargo that was absolutely critical to us that was lost on that flight. The crew is in no danger."
Nasa stressed on how the crew at ISS has enough food and other supplies aboard to last four to six months.
Here are 11 snapshots that capture the explosion:
The unmanned spacecraft exploded six seconds after launch on a resupply mission to the ISS. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
It was the first nighttime launch of an Antares rocket and was to be Orbital's fourth trip to the space station. Here's a file photo (taken October 26, 2014) of the rocket. (Reuters Photo/Nasa/Handout)
Here's the spacecraft just moments before exploding at Wallops Island, Virginia. Investigators are yet to establish the cause of the accident. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
After the countdown, the base of the tall, white rocket ignited on cue, then rose a short distance into the air before it suddenly exploded in a fiery blast six seconds later. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
The unmanned Cygnus cargo ship was carrying 5,000 pounds (2,200 kilograms) of supplies for the six astronauts living at the research outpost. (AFP Photo/Nasa)
The Cygnus craft, which is shaped like a massive beer keg, made its first journey to the ISS in 2013. (AP Photo/Eastern Shore News)
The launch had previously been delayed by a day after a boat sailed into a restricted safety zone beneath the rocket's intended flight path. (AP Photo/NASA TV)
As night fell, fires were seen burning at the coastal launch pad, where waves lapped at the shore. In this photo, spectators in Virginia are seen watching the fireball from the explosion. (AP Photo/The Virginian-Pilot)
People who came to watch the launch can be seen walking away after the explosion. (AFP Photo)
NASA mission control in Houston described the blast as a "catastrophic anomaly. The accident has raised fresh questions about the use of Russian engines in US rockets. (AFP Photo)
Here's a combination image of the various stages of the rocket's launch and subsequent explosion. (Reuters Photo/Nasa TV/Handout)
 

Sachithra Senanayakes bowling action to be scrutinized at Chennai testingcentreBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:59 pm
Sachithra Senanayake, the Sri Lankan off-spinner banned for illegal bowling action, is to proceed to Chennai’s ICC accredited centre for suspect actions.
Jerome Jayaratne, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) head bowling coach, said that the off-spinner has corrected his action since being banned by the ICC.
The SLC executive committee, convinced now of the correctness of Senanayake’s bowling action, has approved the off-spinner’s departure for testing at Chennai’s Sri Ramachandra University, Jayaratne added.
In August, Senanayake underwent correction programme to remodel his bowling action at the University of Westen Australia in Perth.
He was suspended by the ICC mid July following tests conducted at the Cardiff University in England.
The ICC said that a comprehensive analysis had revealed that all Senanayake deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance.

US ends QE today: Why Indian mkts will continue to get  easy moneyYou are here: Home > Collections
US ends QE today: Why Indian markets will continue to get 'easy money'
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 02.39PM IST
(The central bank has employed…)
NEW DELHI: As widely expected, the US Federal Reserve is likely to end its third round of the so-called quantitative easing program or QE3, when it concludes its two-day policy meet today.
The central bank has employed three rounds of bond-buying programs, since the 2008 crisis, to stabilize the economy and support the financial system, which pushed the asset prices higher across the world.
Strong global liquidity and the BJP victory in the general elections were prime reasons which pushed the index to record highs. The index rose 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, as of data collected on 29 October.
So, with the QE almost coming to an end, will the Indian markets correct significantly from here? May be not, say experts.
Yes, volatility cannot be ruled out. But the flow of money will go on and India happens to be in a sweet spot compared to the rest of the emerging market economies, they say.
"It is a given that QE is going to end from the US, but at the same time, ECB is looking to start another round of QE. Bank of Japan will come up with another QE, but the dollar is going to be strong and it is the dollar that determines the liquidity in the world," says Rahul Chadha, Co-CIO of Mirae Asset Global Investments.
"The way we look at it is that countries which do the necessary reforms will get the capital because there is going to be enough capital in the world. Thus, it is not a question of everybody getting free money, which is why we remain more confident about India than other economies like Brazil, Russia, etc," he added.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors, which is a very good thing, when compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital to India.
FIIs have already pumped in USD 14 billion into the domestic equities so far this fiscal and it is all set to increase next year. The total exposure of FIIs in the domestic market is USD 25 billion, with USD 11 billion in the government bonds, said a PTI report.
"There are a lot of positive thoughts around the Indian economy right now, largely thanks to the impressive election victory by Mr. Modi's party," said William Hobbs, VP Research, Economics & Strategy at Barclays.
"If they achieve some of the things that they set to achieve in terms of making the Indian economy less bureaucratic to a certain extent and more efficient, then that could see growth rates rise," he added.
Will US interest rate hike impact markets?
One thing which experts feel will fuel volatility is comments from the US Federal Reserve on interest rate hike, which could probably happen in the second half of calendar year 2015.
Ending a two-day discussion on Wednesday, the US Fed is expected to announce the end of its monthly bond buying program. But experts feel that the first rate hike will be somewhere in the mid next year, which is not going to be as severe as most people expect it to be.
"As of now, India is definitely much better placed than any other economy or any other market in the world. With the way the US economy is expanding gradually and with interest rates remaining low for some time, you might have these bouts of volatility from time to time," said Vibhav Kapoor, Group Chief Investment Officer of IL&FS.
"But a very sustainable sharp correction in the Indian markets is unlikely. Investors need to keep a buy and hold sort of position in the market and hope that over the next 12 to 18 months, you will get very good returns from your portfolio," he added.
Experts feel that India is more prepared than before to face QE tapering and the impact might not be that much. It will only be a sentimental pull back which should be used as buying opportunity by long-term investors.
"As far its impact on emerging markets, in particular India is concerned, as I said, India has made an adjustment since last year," said Dr. Duvvuri Subbarao, Distinguished Visiting Fellow, NUS Business School.
"When QE is reversed, there will be a hiccup, there will be some capital outflow, there will be some adjustment, but that will be nothing compared to the taper tantrums we had last year," he adds. There will be a quick adjustment through a fairly stable equilibrium I believe, added Subbarao.
Overall the market sentiment is extremely positive and given the fact that the domestic macro environment is stable and we are in the earnings upgrade cycle - things should look up.
"The next big trigger for the market could come in from the rate cut, which the market is hoping to happen in the next three to four months' time," said Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan.
"So, overall, there could be a bit of volatility in the short run, but we think that given the strong earnings growth that we are likely to witness, there should be a good upside in this market," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WhatsApp: FB s $21.8 bn acquisition lost $13...(WhatsApp's audience may…)
By David Gelles
There was never any doubt that Facebook's acquisition of WhatsApp - now valued at $21.8 billion - was about gaining users before profits. And still, a new regulatory filing lays bare the profound unprofitability of the messaging service for which Facebook traded a full tenth of its market value.
WhatsApp reported a meager $10.2 million in revenue last year, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . The money presumably came from charging some users $1 a year to use the mobile application, which lets users share text messages and images, since WhatsApp does not allow advertising.
To generate that revenue, WhatsApp spent heavily across the board. Research and development at the startup, which employed just 55 people at the time it was sold, totaled $77 million, a figure that includes some salaries. General and administrative costs amounted to $18.6 million. In total, WhatsApp spent about $149 million last year, resulting in a net loss of $138 million. That far exceeds the net loss reported in 2012, a relatively modest $55 million.
For this, Facebook offered $4 billion in cash and $12 billion in stock, with the company's founders eligible for an additional $3 billion in restricted stock. But as Facebook's own stock has continued to rise, so has the value of the deal. The final tally came in at $21.8 billion.
Of course, Facebook can afford to spend lavishly. Since announcing its acquisition of WhatsApp, Facebook stock has risen 20 per cent, giving it a market value of $208 billion. Investors appear unfazed by founder Mark Zuckerberg's willingness to make huge bets on money-losing companies, instead trusting Silicon Valley logic over conventional measures of corporate worth.
And acquiring WhatsApp was never about making money for Facebook, at least not yet. Instead, Zuckerberg was enticed by the company's swift accumulation of 450 million users at the time of purchase. "Services in the world that have 1 billion people using them are all incredibly valuable," Zuckerberg said on a conference call at the time of the deal, anticipating further growth.
WhatsApp's audience may indeed be valuable to Zuckerberg. But at this rate, it will take a couple of millennia for the company to make back its purchase price. Using one common measure by which deals are assessed, Facebook may have set a new record of sorts. Based on the data in the new filing, Zuckerberg's company paid about 2,000 times annual revenues for WhatsApp.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex roars over 200 points | End of QE no worry for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex trades firm above 27000; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.14PM IST
("After struggling to hold…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 200 points in trade on Wednesday to surpass its crucial psychological level of 27000, led by gains in Tata Motors, Infosys, RIL, ITC and Mahindra & Mahindra.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8050, supported by gains in realty, IT, FMCG and auto stocks.
At 3:10 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27096.87, up 216.05 points or 0.0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 27,062.12 and a low of 26991.03 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8092.20, up 64.60 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 8081.05 and a low of 8059.25 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
HPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 552 and a stop loss of Rs 520
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 262 and a stop loss of Rs 245
Eicher Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 12800 and a stop loss of Rs 12200
RIL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 980 and a stop loss of Rs 930
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Punjab National Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 890 and a stop loss of Rs 930
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 536 and a stop loss of Rs 514
Dish TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 60 and a stop loss of Rs 55.50
Apollo Hospitals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1155 and a stop loss of Rs 1084
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 545 and a stop loss of Rs 515
Dish TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 62.50 and a stop loss of Rs 55.00
Andhra Bank is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 73 and a stop loss of Rs 78
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
BGR Energy Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 160
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3890 and a stop loss of Rs 3805
M&M Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1320 and a stop loss of Rs 1283
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2460 and a stop loss of Rs 2320
Tata Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 96 and a stop loss of Rs 87
NMDC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 160
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP Securities
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 265 and a stop loss of Rs 248
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 680 and a stop loss of Rs 645
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 155 and a stop loss of Rs 138
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Midcap bets which can be multibaggers | Dr Reddy s slips 3% after Q2 resultsHidden gems in midcaps that can become multibaggers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.17PM IST
(Analysts are advising investors…)
MUMBAI: The broader markets moved higher in trade today as retail investors continued buying stocks in anticipation of continuation of the rally as economy picks up.
Analysts are advising investors to stick to quality companies that have strong balance sheets and good corporate governance.
The momentum in the midcaps and largecaps is expected to continue in the long term with some short term jitters such as concerns of hike in interest rates in the US, slowdown in Europe and China and uptick in inflation back home.
Well many stocks from broader markets have rallied in the recent rally; analysts have picked stocks that have the potential to give solid returns in the long term.
Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India
Datamatics
Datamatics is one small company in the IT sector. It did not do anything recently. This is a stock I got around Rs 35 levels a year ago. Now it is around Rs 70. Look at the consolidated numbers of this company, everything is in place and this looks to be a good stock.
Nitta Gelatin India:
It is a Kerala-based company listed only with the BSE. They had some labour and environmental problems, but all these have been solved today.
It is a joint venture between the Kerala Government and Nitta Gelatin of Japan. It is a small company, but it has the potential to grow big and the stock is very illiquid.
HPCL:
The stock can double from the current levels. After many years, I bought a PSU company for my portfolio first time last year. Then HPCL was at around Rs 250 levels and today it has come to around 500 levels. They gave huge dividends also.
I prefer HPCL for the capability for its marketcap to go up more than others. If it is allowed to function commercially — with commercial freedom — then it will do wonders. This is a publicly-held company. It is wrong for the government not to allow this company to function commercially.
Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors
Thomas Cook:
As the economy grows, a lot of people will travel on business within India and abroad. One can look at names like Thomas Cook, which deals in holiday packages for flights travellers.
I am less inclined to look at the airlines at the moment because of all the problems that we know exist within the industry. I would like to find the suppliers to people's needs in the service sector.
Indian Hotels
The whole supply theme is going to play out over the next two years across all sectors. One of the companies service sector to look at is Indian Hotels.
It does not sound like a manufacturing company, but it supplies hotel rooms. If occupancy rates are growing at 50-60 per cent, then it is going to move up by 70 per cent.
This means huge operational gearing for this company. And, of course, they will have pricing power as well. So, it is about supplying things across different sectors.
Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities
Mangalam Cement
We are looking at price target of Rs 350 for Mangalam Cement. The opportunity in Mangalam is much more than most of the other companies. Cement as a sector is definitely good. You can pick up any of midcap cement companies and make money in it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Syrian rebels enter Kobani from TurkeyMURSITPINAR, Turkey, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 15:27 IST
Syrian rebels enter Kobani from Turkey
AP
Tweet
Reuters In this October 28, 2014 photo, an explosion following an air strike is seen in the Syrian town of Kobani from near the Mursitpinar border crossing on the Turkish-Syrian border in the southeastern town of Suruc, in Turkey's Sanliurfa Province.
Reuters A man waves a Kurdistan flag as a Turkish military truck escorts a convoy of peshmerga vehicles at Habur border gate, which separates Turkey from Iraq, near the town of Silopi in southeastern Turkey.
Reuters In this October 28, 2014 photo, people wave to Kurdish Peshmerga fighters on their way to the Syrian town of Kobani, in Turkey's Dohuk Province.
TOPICS
international military intervention
Syrian activists and Kurdish officials say a small group of Syrian rebels have entered the embattled border town of Kobani to help Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State extremists.
The group of around 50 armed fighters is from the Free Syrian Army, an umbrella group of mainstream rebels fighting to topple Syrian President Bashar Assad.
Idriss Nassan, a Kurdish official from Kobani, said the group crossed to Kobani through the Mursitpinar border crossing with Turkey.
Their arrival early on Wednesday came several hours after a group of Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga troops arrived in Turkey, also on their way to Syria to help their Syrian Kurdish brethren fight IS militants.
The peshmerga fighters from Iraq are expected to cross into Syria later in the day.

Vaikos love-hate relationship with DMKstate politics
If DMK treasurer M.K. Stalin’s plan to reach out to MDMK general secretary Vaiko results in a formal alliance, it may set the stage for the two parties to face the Assembly elections together for the first time.
After the AIADMK quit the NDA in 1999, the DMK joined the BJP-led alliance, which included the MDMK, for the Lok Sabha elections.
But Mr. Vaiko left the DMK alliance in the 2001 and 2006 Assembly elections at the last minute, alleging that the DMK did not concede his party’s claim to a respectable number of seats.
Mr. Vaiko, expelled from the DMK two decades ago, launched the MDMK with the support of a considerable number of DMK district secretaries. In a bold decision, the MDMK contested the 1996 Assembly elections along with the CPI(M), but could not make any breakthrough, as the DMK and the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC), floated by late G.K. Moopanar, capitalised on the anti-AIADMK mood.
Mr. Vaiko tasted success when he allied with the A.B. Vajpayee-led BJP, the AIADMK and the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) in the 1998 Lok Sabha elections.
When the AIADMK’s decision to leave the BJP government led to its fall in 1999, Mr. Vaiko remained with the BJP, and the DMK replaced the AIADMK in the alliance. Gingee Ramachandran of the MDMK was made Minister of State for Finance in the Vajpayee Cabinet.
But Mr. Vaiko quit the DMK alliance in the 2001 Assembly polls alleging that constituencies preferred by him, including Sankarankoil, were not allotted to the MDMK. Though he became part of the AIADMK front, Ms. Jayalalithaa, as Chief Minister, did not spare him for his pro-LTTE views. He was arrested under the now-repealed Prevention of Terrorism Act and jailed for 19 months.
The DMK, campaigning for the POTA’s repeal, moved closer to Mr. Vaiko. DMK president M. Karunanidhi went all the way to Vellore to welcome him on his release. But after seat-sharing talks, Mr. Vaiko once again shocked the DMK leadership by going back to Ms. Jayalalithaa, who arrested him, in the run-up to the 2006 Assembly polls.
The alliance with the AIADMK continued, but Ms. Jayalalithaa, putting a premium on the DMDK, led by actor Vijayakant, was not keen on retaining Mr. Vaiko. As he could not get a decent share of seats, Mr Vaiko quit the alliance. He also kept away from the Assembly polls in 2011.
The 2014 Lok Sabha polls once again saw Mr. Vaiko in the company of the BJP, along with the PMK and the DMDK.

Sensex Surges Over 200 Points  Nifty Near 8 100You are here: Home Market
Sensex Surges Over 200 Points, Nifty Near 8,100
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 15:47 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty were firm in afternoon trade, buoyed by a rally in global markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve policy statement. The US Federal Reserve wraps up its two-day policy meeting later today. The Sensex was up over 200 points to 27,085 while Nifty rose to 8,089, up nearly 61 points.
Top Things to Know
Auto stocks were in limelight with Tata Motors, M&M, Eicher Motors, Maruti and Bajaj Auto rising between 1.5 per cent and 3.4 per cent.
Shares in Hero MotoCorp gained over 1 per cent after the Reserve Bank of India allowed FII investment of up to 49 percent.
Among other bluechips, Infosys added over 2 per cent and Reliance Industries advanced 1.8 per cent.
Some profit-taking was seen in banking stocks after a seven-day rally. Banking stocks have gained sharply in past seven sessions in hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India. PNB, Bank of Baroda and SBI fell today.
Also impacting the sentiment on banking stocks, Moody's Investors Service said high leverage in the Indian corporate sector could prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality at lenders over the next 12-18 months. It maintained its "negative" outlook on the country's banking sector.
Metal stocks also saw strong buying action today with Tata Steel, JSPL and Hindalco rising over 4 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE midcap index rising over 0.5 per cent.
The rupee gave up early gains and was trading at 61.34 against previous close of 61.32/33.
The US Federal Reserve ends its two-day policy meeting later today at which it is expected to end its bond purchases known as quantitative easing three (QE3), amid signs of strength in the US economy. Investors would be keenly awaiting the next guidance from the Federal Reserve on whether it will hike US interest rates sooner or keep them lower for longer.
The Federal Reserve is likely to reinforce its stated willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
European markets were higher today, tracking gains in Asian markets. (With Agency Inputs)
 

Sensex  Nifty firm; Hindalco  DLF  Tata Steel lead gainersOct 29, 2014, 03.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex surges 217 pts, Nifty ends at 8090 ahead of expiry
Hindalco Industries, DLF, JSPL and Tata Steel topped the buying list, up 4-5 percent followed by Tata Motors, M&M and Bajaj Auto with 2-3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex surges 217 pts, Nifty ends at 8090 ahead of expiry
Hindalco Industries, DLF, JSPL and Tata Steel topped the buying list, up 4-5 percent followed by Tata Motors, M&M and Bajaj Auto with 2-3 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended with smart gains ahead of October F&O expiry tomorrow. The Nifty was up 62.85 points at 8090.45 while the Sensex ended up 217.35 points at 27098.17.
About 1589 shares advanced, 1374 shares declined, and 115 shares were unchanged.
Hindalco was up 6 percent while Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Infosys and Bajaj Auto were other major gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers were NTPC, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, Bharti Airtel and SBI.
03:15 pm Buzzing
Investors of SRF are rejoicing as its shares hit record high at Rs 805.85, up 20 percent intraday. The manufacturer of chemical-based industrial intermediates reported a 60.87 percent increase in net profit at Rs 76.85 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 47.77 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago. Total income from operations during the quarter under review increased 9.98 percent to Rs 928.17 crore as against Rs 843.89 crore a year ago, SRF said in a filing to the BSE.
"The overall operations performed well this quarter. The company's strategy of growing the chemicals business is paying dividends. Our traditional business should pick once economy rebounds," SRF managing director Ashish Bharat Ram said.
Investors of SRF are rejoicing as its shares hit record high at Rs 805.85, up 20 percent intraday on Wednesday. The manufacturer of chemical-based industrial intermediates reported a 60.87 percent increase in net profit at Rs 76.85 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 47.77 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago. Total income from operations during the quarter under review increased 9.98 percent to Rs 928.17 crore as against Rs 843.89 crore a year ago, SRF said in a filing to the BSE. "The overall operations performed well this quarter. The company's strategy of growing the chemicals business is paying dividends. Our traditional business should pick once economy rebounds," SRF managing director Ashish Bharat Ram said.
Read more at: http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/buzzing-stocks/srf-hits-record-high20-as-sept-quarter-net-grows-61_1213997.html?utm_source=ref_article
02:50 pm LPG rate hike
Subsidised cooking gas (LPG) rates have been hiked by Rs 3 per cylinder after the government raised the commission paid to dealers.
The commission paid to dealers was last week hiked by Rs 3 per 14.2-kg cylinder to Rs 43.71. Consequently, retail selling price of subsidised LPG too have been increased in the same proportion, officials said.
Dealers' commission was last revised in December 2013 when it was hiked by Rs 3.46 per cylinder to Rs 40.71. The increase in commission - which as per practice is passed on to consumers - has been effected from October 23.
Subsidised LPG in Delhi now costs Rs 417 per 14.2-kg cylinder as against Rs 414 previously. In Mumbai, subsidised LPG will cost Rs 452 per 14.2-kg cylinder as against Rs 448.50 previously. Prior to the December hike in LPG rates, price of cooking gas was raised in October 2012 when because of an increase in dealers' commission the rates were raised from Rs 399 per cylinder to Rs 410.50.
02:30pm Moody's on domestic banks
International rating agency Moody's today retained its negative outlook on the domestic banking system, citing high leverage in the corporate sector that may prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality.
"Our outlook for the country's banking system remains negative, as it has been since November 2011. The negative outlook reflects our view that high leverage in the corporate sector could prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality, notwithstanding a moderate rebound in economic growth," the agency Moody's Investors Service said in a note issued from Singapore.
The report further said continuing poor asset quality, wherein the NPAs levels are set to touch 4.5 percent of the system, will require continued provisioning and strengthened
capital buffers. After provisions, profitability of public sector banks will generate insufficient internal capital for loan growth, the report added.
The negative outlook pertains mainly to the public sector banks as they represent more than 70 percent of total banking system assets. These banks have experienced higher growth rates in non-performing and restructured loans, as well as greater weakening in profits, than their private sector peers, Moody's said.
The report says while these trends are unlikely to improve for public sector banks, in contrast, private sector banks have stronger margins, reserves, and capital levels, which serve as buffers against conditions that remain challenging.
On growth, which inched up to surprising 5.7 percent in the first quarter of the current fiscal after logging in sub-5 percent growth in the past two fiscals, Moody's said GDP will
pick up moderately this fiscal, but remains constrained by the high interest rates due to inflation.
02:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks maintained morning gains supported by auto, metals, FMCG, oil and technology stocks. The Sensex rose 144.26 points to 27025.08 and the Nifty climbed 39.55 points to 8067.15.
About 1527 shares have advanced, 1297 shares declined, and 108 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco Industries, DLF, JSPL and Tata Steel topped the buying list, up 4-5 percent followed by Tata Motors, M&M and Bajaj Auto with 2-3 percent.
However, Dr Reddy's Labs reported a weak Q2 earnings as profit fell 16 percent year-on-year to Rs 574 crore while Grasim Industries reported pressure in its viscose staple fibre business, standalone profit dropped 28 percent to Rs 299 crore while Oriental Bank of Commerce shares lost 5 percent as bad loans increased in second quarter.
Global markets remained in fourth gear as investors are convinced that Fed will stay the course and end the third round of bond buying but also wait a “considerable time “ before hiking short term rates. Hong Kong closed up almost 300 points while European markets were trading with almost 1 percent gains.
Meanwhile, the NDA government today submitted a list comprising 627 names of Indians having accounts in foreign banks to the Supreme Court.
13:00

Biocon launches second-generation INSUpen EZOct 29, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Biocon launches second-generation INSUpen EZ
Biocon has launched INSUpen EZ, a second-generation insulin-delivery pen device, developed by Germany’s Haselmeier. “This is a low-cost pen, which will help us penetrate the market in a bigger way,” CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw told CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Nigel D’Souza.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Biocon launches second-generation INSUpen EZ
Biocon has launched INSUpen EZ, a second-generation insulin-delivery pen device, developed by Germany’s Haselmeier. “This is a low-cost pen, which will help us penetrate the market in a bigger way,” CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw told CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Nigel D’Souza.
Post your opinion here
 
This is a low-cost pen, which will help us penetrate the market in a bigger way.
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw
CMD
Biocon
Biocon  has launched INSUpen EZ, a second-generation insulin-delivery pen device, developed by Germany’s Haselmeier. “This is a low-cost pen, which will help us penetrate the market in a bigger way,” CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw told CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Nigel D’Souza.
Insulin is a big focus area for the company and it hopes to take INSUpen EZ worldwide, Mazumdar-Shaw said, adding that the overall global insulin and insulin analog market stood at USD 20 billion.
After revenues in its domestic business slipped in the penultimate two quarters, the Biocon CMD said the company was confident of ending the year with high double-digit growth levels.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: Yesterday one of your partners Haselmeier made an announcement that they along with Biocon have launched INSUPen EZ in India. How big is this particular development for Biocon?
A: Insulin is a very big area for us, we are focused on becoming the insulin company in the country in the years ahead. I think a very important part of insulin delivery is an insulin pen.
Our first pen that we introduced into the market was INSUPen which was also developed by Haselmeier for us but this is an expensive metallic pen and over the years.
Haselmeier has developed for us a pen which we call INSUPen EZ which is a lower cost pen which obviously will help us then to penetrate the market in a bigger way. So this is really what the news is about.
We see insulin as a huge global opportunity for us and therefore INSUPen EZ will not just be marketed in India but we hope to take INSUPen EZ worldwide.
Nigel: Could you tell us what is the total market size of this product and who are the competitors?
A: Insulin is a life saving diabetes drug that is used globally. Diabetes is a growing pandemic and insulin users are just increasing at double digit growth rates because of the incidence of diabetes and insulin dependence of many of the diabetics.
Insulin and insulin analogues account for almost USD 20 billion globally. Therefore the delivery devise also becomes very important as we look at this market opportunity. Biocon has partnered Mylan in insulin analogues and Biocon itself is developing the insulin and we are eyeing this huge global opportunity in a very aggressive way. So if we don’t have good devices, we will not be able to carve out the kind of market share that we are looking at.
Reema: Your domestic business has done well this quarter with a solid 17 percent growth in Q2 and this is after two quarters of a decline. So has the domestic business turned around for Biocon and can it deliver say a 15-20 percent growth from here on?
A: Certainly I think that this is a segment that we are very focused on, we are a speciality pharmaceutical segment with a large part of our products as biologics so we are highly differentiated. I think in this growth numbers I would like to say that a large part of these growth earnings have come from two key segments, one is our diabetes segment which is anchored by our insulin and insulin analogue and then we have our oncology segment which has also done extremely well.
Our recent launch of CANMAb has been doing extremely well. So we are very confident that we will end the year on these high double digit growth levels.
Reema: I believe in your various interactions with analysts post the earnings you indicated that Biopharmaceuticals is expected to remain weak for the rest of the fiscal. When you say weak do we expect that Biopharma base business will show a decline of 0-5 percent even in the coming two quarters?
A: The biopharma business actually has been affected by a couple of things, one is of course we were very dependent on a very high value product which was Fidaxomicin and Fidaxomicin offtake has been weak largely because the company themselves have basically reduced their offtake given that they have large inventory of this particular API.
Then we have also been affected quite seriously by the turmoil in the Middle East where many of our products were doing extremely well and because of the credit risk involved in the Middle East we have seen a decline in that area and that market. So based on that we are saying that we expect it to see muted growth for the whole Biopharma sector. But having said that there could be some upsides for us which will get captured over the next two quarters. But because these are unpredictable upsides I don’t want to comment on it or even say that we will deliver on these possible upsides.
Biocon stock price
On December 05, 2014, Biocon closed at Rs 462.50, down Rs 7.9, or 1.68 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 553.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 378.85.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 20.14 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.96. The latest book value of the company is Rs 120.89 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.83.
RELATED NEWS

Hold Bharat Forge  says Kunal SaraogiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Bharat Forge, says Kunal Saraogi
According to Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush, one may hold Bharat Forge. "One may buy it at around Rs 720," he adds.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, "One should hold on to Bharat Forge , it has got a great chart trajectory. This stock has been an outperformer all through and it is coming for bit of a correction which might actually take the stock a bit lower to maybe Rs 720 levels. The overall structure remains positive and one should continue to hold long positions and incase you can get some more capital at around Rs 720 it merits a fresh buy. So hold on to the stock and stock will continue to outperform like it has been."
At 15:01 hrs Bharat Forge was quoting at Rs 764.90, up Rs 4.65, or 0.61 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 934.40 and 52-week low Rs 287.50 on 11 September, 2014 and 28 October,  2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Jeera futures may continue to trade higher: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jeera futures may continue to trade higher: Angel
According to Angel Commodities, Jeera futures may continue to trade higher in the intraday. Good export demand may continue to support prices, says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Commodities' report on agri commodities
Jeera November futures traded on a positive note on Tuesday on firm exports data and overseas demand. However, huge carryover stocks and weak domestic demand capped sharp gains and settled 0.35% higher. Area under jeera in Gujarat was reported at 455,000 ha as against 335,200 ha last year while about 390,000 ha were sown in Rajasthan. Geo-political tensions in Syria and Turkey have led to a supply crunch in the global markets raising supply concerns from the two major exporting countries. Export orders are diverted to India. Production is also expected to fall in Syria and Turkey due to crop failure.
Exports of Jeera between Apr-July 2014 stood at 58,000 tn, up 40% as against 43,898 tn between Apr-July 2013. (Source: Spices Board) According to IBIS India’s Jeera exports have crossed 1,00,000 tonnes till Feb’14. Production of Jeera in 2013-14 is expected around 45-50 lakh bags (55 kgs each), higher than 40-45 lakh bags last year.
Outlook
Jeera futures may continue to trade higher in the intraday. Good export demand may continue to support prices. However, comfortable supplies may cap sharp gains.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Stay invested in Bharat Forge: Vishal Jajoo02:00 pm
Vishal Jajoo of Nirmal Bang Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Bharat Forge has been a wealth creator and has been a ranked outperformer for the past few quarters. It was only into niche segment of forging; it has diversified very well from auto ancillary player to power, oil and gas and other sectors and recently there have been some talks with regards to the recent deal which the company had signed in the aerospace segment, so defence aerospace is the new buzzword.”
“A lot of things happening; diversification in the right direction plus improvement in the margin, so, the outlook seems to be buoyant enough. The valuations are expensive but it is a good company, had a strong pedigree and barring a few years which the company had seen on account of the weakness it had a very strong history of giving decent returns. I think one should hold on and one should be surprised if Rs 950 or Rs 960 over the next three quarters comes,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

The State Of Drug Use In America  In 9 MapsAmerica just doesn't do drugs like it used to. From opiates to alcohol, American substance use has shifted drastically in recent decades.
1. Cigarette smoking has plummeted.
2. Alcohol consumption has, too.
Note: The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism converts alcohol beverages into gallons of ethanol (pure alcohol) to compare between types of drinks
3. Americans are drinking more wine, though.
4. Many more people use marijuana in the Northeast and along the West Coast than in other parts of the country.
5. A big switch happened around the turn of the century: More Americans began dying from drug use than from drinking.
6. A large part of the problem has been the rise of of painkillers and heroin, especially in the Northeast.
(Map shows the drug most commonly cited in drug treatment admissions in each state)
7. Here you can see the specific counties with the worst opioid and heroin problems
8. The Midwest has the worst meth problem, especially in rural areas with limited job opportunities.
9. But overdose victims are more likely to die in states without "Good Samaritan" immunity laws to protect those seeking medical help for overdoses.
Infographic by Alissa Scheller for The Huffington Post.
More:

Economists Say We Should Tax The Rich At 90 PercentEconomists Say We Should Tax The Rich At 90 Percent
Posted:
reddit
America has been doing income taxes wrong for more than 50 years.
All Americans, including the rich, would be better off if top tax rates went back to Eisenhower-era levels when the top federal income tax rate was 91 percent, according to a new working paper by Fabian Kindermann from the University of Bonn and Dirk Krueger from the University of Pennsylvania.
The top tax rate that makes all citizens, including the highest 1 percent of earners, the best off is “somewhere between 85 and 90 percent,” Krueger told The Huffington Post. Currently, the top rate of 39.6 percent is paid on income above $406,750 for individuals and $457,600 for couples.
Fewer than 1 percent of Americans, or about 1.3 million people, reach that top bracket.
Here is the conclusion from the report, charted:
What you’re seeing is decades of a more or less strict adherence to the gospel that tax cuts for the highest income earners are good. The trend began with President Kennedy, but his cuts were hardly radical. He lowered rates when the American economy was humming along, no longer paying for World War II and, relative to today, an egalitarian dreamland. To put things in perspective, Kennedy cut rates to around 70 percent, a level we can hardly imagine raising them to today. The huge drops -- from 70 percent to 50 percent to less than 30 percent -- came with the Reagan presidency.
In comparison to decades of cuts, Presidents George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama each raised taxes at the top by a historically insignificant amount. Obama also proposed modest tax increases, raising taxes on families making more than $250,000 from 33 to 36 percent, and on individuals making more than $200,000 from 36 to 39.6 percent. These increases failed in the House.
A 90 percent top marginal tax rate doesn’t mean that if you make $450,000, you are going to pay $405,000 in federal income taxes. Americans have a well-documented trouble understanding the notion of marginal tax rates. The marginal tax rate is the amount you pay on your income above a certain amount. Right now, you pay the top marginal tax rate on every dollar you earn over $406,750. So if you make $450,000, you only pay the top rate on your final $43,250 in income.
A very high marginal tax rate isn’t effective if it’s riddled with loopholes, of course. Kindermann and Krueger's paper is also focused solely on income, not wealth, and returns on wealth are how the truly superrich make a living.
Despite these limitations, Kindermann and Krueger say that a top marginal tax rate in the range of 90 percent would decrease both income and wealth inequality, bring in more money for the government and increase everyone’s well-being -- even those subject to the new, much higher income tax rate.
“High marginal tax rates provide social insurance against not making it into the 1 percent,” Krueger told The Huffington Post. Here’s what he means: There’s a small chance of moving up  to the top rung of the income ladder, Krueger said. If rates are high for the top earners and low for everyone else, there’s a big chance you will pay a low rate and a small chance you will pay a high rate. Given these odds, it is rational to accept high income tax rates on top earners and low rates for the rest as a form of insurance.
This insurance takes the form of low-income people paying dramatically less in taxes. “Everyone who is below four times median income” -- that’s about $210,000 for households -- “pays less,” Kruger said.
The paper assumes that tax rates won’t stop a future Bill Gates from wanting to start Microsoft. Instead, what it finds is that labor supply among the 1 percent would decline -- translation, they would work a little less -- but it “does not collapse.” That’s because of who the authors assume makes up the top income bracket: celebrities, sports stars, and entrepreneurs -- people with innate talents that are hugely rewarding, but only for a short period of time. They only have a few years to use their skills to make most of the money they will ever make. High tax rates don’t lessen their degree of desire to be productive, the authors said.
Krueger described the phenomenon like this: “How much less hard would LeBron James play basketball if he were taxed at a much higher rate? The answer is not much. “James knows he only has five years,” or so of peak earning potential, Krueger said, and so he will work to make as much as he can during that time. If high income tax rates robbed the would-be 1 percent of their stick-to-itiveness, the paper’s conclusions would change.
(LeBron James responds to a 90 percent top marginal tax rate)
And so whether you agree with this paper’s conclusion comes down, to a certain extent, to what you think of the 1 percent of income earners: who they are and why they make so much money. Over the last few decades, a huge portion of the rapid growth of the very highest incomes relative to the rest of us has been driven by rising executive and financial sector pay. The question, then, is if confronted with a vastly higher tax rate, would Jamie Dimon still behave like LeBron James.
More:

Why Spain s Poor Fear Goldman SachsWhy Spain's Poor Fear Goldman Sachs
Reuters  | By                                                                Sonya Dowsett
reddit
Madrid, Oct 24 (Reuters) - Last year Madrid's city and regional governments sold almost 5,000 rent-controlled flats to private equity investors including Goldman Sachs and Blackstone. At the time, the tenants were told their rental conditions would remain the same.
But as old contracts expire, dozens of people have received demands for higher rent, been told their rents will increase dramatically, been threatened with eviction or moved out to escape the insecurity. Thousands of Spain's poor now depend for their homes on the generosity of private equity.
Jamila Bouzelmat is one of them.
The mother of six lives in a four-bedroom flat on the outskirts of the Spanish capital that was bought jointly by Goldman and a Spanish firm. The 44-year-old said that until March her family paid 58 euros ($73) a month in rent out of her husband's 500-euro unemployment benefit. In April, her bank statement shows, her new landlords suddenly took 436 euros from her bank account.
She discovered the payment when she tried to pay an electricity bill.
"We went to take money out and there wasn't a cent left in the bank," she said, her 18-month-old daughter playing at her feet. She got charity hand-outs to feed her children, aged between 18 months and 19 years, and now lives in fear of the rent bill. Goldman declined to comment.
In the buildings sold to the funds, Reuters has spoken to more than 40 households who face similar difficulties. They include some of Madrid's most vulnerable people: an unemployed single mother of five with a severely disabled daughter, for example, and an HIV patient with one lung. Both faced evictions that were temporarily halted at the last minute.
There is no suggestion the buyers have acted illegally. Having bought around 15 percent of Madrid's publicly held social housing, the new owners are simply exercising their right to charge commercial rents once reduced rents that tenants have paid expire.
However, Socialist councilors in Madrid have launched lawsuits directed at the state bodies that sold the rent-controlled homes, and tenants meet weekly to organize street protests. Evictions ordered and postponed by the new owners are an increasingly common sight in Spain's media.
The ructions in Madrid come as Spain tries to recover from its historic property-market collapse and deep economic crisis. Between 2007 and 2013, Spanish property prices fell by nearly 40 percent. More than 3 million houses and apartments sit empty, according to official figures. Spain has one of the smallest stocks of social housing in Europe, but as Madrid's authorities cut their budgets, they have sold what they can at fire-sale prices.
For the private equity firms that bought the flats, the deal was good business. For tenants, less so. The poorest had long benefited from rent reductions - some of them officially documented contracts, others informal arrangements with well-meaning public officials.
Of the homes Goldman bought, around 400 benefited from official rent reductions, according to one government source. Such cuts were agreed individually for up to two years, and some tenants used to pay less than 20 percent of the going rate. The informal deals are hard to count.
The apartments were sold by two government agencies. One of them, the Madrid city housing body, told Reuters the sales were crucial to paying its debt, but did not answer questions on the number of tenants affected or their situation.
The other, the regional housing body known as IVIMA, sold its flats to Goldman Sachs International and Azora, a Spanish private equity firm which invests in rental accommodation. Azora set up a management firm, Encasa Cibeles, to manage the flats, and both Goldman and Azora referred inquiries to Encasa Cibeles.
In the case of Bouzelmat, whose rental agreement ended in March, an Encasa Cibeles spokesman declined to comment on "processes and methods of payment." But he said Bouzelmat had been paying by direct debit. The company said it respects all ongoing contracts, including rent reductions, and once these expire, reviews each tenant case-by-case. "Evictions occur in an extremely small number of cases," the spokesman said: "Our priority is to help those in need and we are doing this with a team of social workers looking to help the most vulnerable."
Pablo Sola, a spokesman for IVIMA, said the deal had been exemplary and IVIMA meets Encasa Cibeles every week to ensure "no family that wants to pay" is evicted. "The Madrid government has not washed its hands of the management of these flats. We are following up the process to avoid the eviction of any family in financial difficulty."
The public-sector real estate workout is creating winners and losers. Spain needs new investment to put a floor under its property market - a necessary condition for a broader recovery - and at the same time its social safety net needs funds. Economist Miguel Hernandez said foreign investors play an important role by providing cash to public institutions.
"These funds may appear to be acting like vultures, but they are also helping the system, because the administrations had very few options to get the cash they needed," said Hernandez, professor at IE Business School.
"A GOOD PRICE"
The red-brick development where Bouzelmat lives is in Vallecas, a working-class area in the south of Madrid. Thousands of new flats - many of them state-owned social housing - were built there during Spain's property boom in the early 2000s.
When boom turned to bust in 2008, Spain's budget for housing collapsed. It was 1.4 billion euros in 2008 and is now 800 million. That left local governments scrambling to cut costs, and eyeing privatizations. To lure foreign investors, Madrid overhauled rental laws, making it easier for landlords to evict non-paying tenants. It worked: Investment in Spanish real estate increased 12-fold last year to 5.2 billion euros.
A confidential May 2013 report - commissioned by Madrid city council and prepared by PriceWaterhouseCoopers - found that the city's housing unit, known as EMVS, was unsustainable. EMVS, set up over 30 years ago to house the poor and disadvantaged, had higher debt repayments than its cash income. PWC's report advised Madrid to sell some flats immediately.
In July 2013, the city sold 1,860 properties to a fund jointly owned by Blackstone and Spanish fund Magic Real Estate. The average price per apartment was around 67,200 euros.
EMVS said the sales were crucial to paying down its debt. Opposition United Left councilor Angel Perez said it was an outrage. "You are playing with people's lives," he told an angry town hall session at the time. Blackstone declined to comment. Magic Real Estate did not respond.
Within weeks of the Madrid City Council's sale, IVIMA, the regional housing body, sold another 2,935 apartments - including Bouzelmat's - to Goldman Sachs and Azora for roughly 68,500 euros per unit.
Taking an average size of around 70 square meters for the flats sold, Goldman and Blackstone and their Spanish partners paid around 970 euros per sq m for the properties. Flats in Vallecas sell for around 2,000 euros per sq m, real estate agent websites show - about 200,000 euros for a 100-sq-km home. "The price per unit was very cheap," said Fernando Encinar of Madrid-based real estate agent Idealista. "In any market, if you buy in volume you get a good price."
"TAKE NO ACTION"
Last October, Pablo Cavero, Madrid councilor for transport, infrastructure and housing, told a council session that the only change for the IVIMA tenants would be "the name at the top of the rent bill," the minutes show. He declined to be interviewed.
That month, tenants in Bouzelmat's block, some of whom had official rent reductions, received a letter from Encasa Cibeles saying: "The rental contract will not suffer any change. You will maintain the same rental conditions that you have currently, including the monthly rent and the length of your contract." The letter, seen by Reuters, said tenants needn't do anything.
It did not mention what would happen after the contracts ended, nor did it refer to reduced rents. These were separate arrangements that each tenant made with their state landlord. For instance, if a tenant lost their job, they would submit documentation and IVIMA would grant a discretionary reduction for a fixed period, documents seen by Reuters show. Of the 20,000 homes IVIMA now owns, around 27 percent have a formal rent reduction of between 5 percent and 95 percent, a source close to IVIMA said.
Late last year, Encasa Cibeles invited four tenants' representatives from Bouzelmat's block to a meeting. The company told them rent reductions would not be renewed once contracts expired. "Encasa Cibeles told us they would respect reductions until the contract ended but then it would return to the base rate, because they were not a charity," said Saida Juarez, the tenant representative from the block.
"FULL PAYMENT"
Unemployed hairdresser and mother-of-three Yasmin Rubiano lives in a flat now owned by Goldman and Azora. Rubiano said she stopped getting a printed rent bill once her reduced rent of 50 euros per month ended in December, but got no word from the new owners.
In January she started to receive monthly text messages from her bank, which she showed a reporter, advising that it had received a demand for 498.18 euros. She has been paying 100 euros a month to show goodwill, but cannot pay more. In March, Rubiano said, she received a letter from Encasa Cibeles demanding full payment or threatening legal action.
The Encasa Cibeles spokesman said it had nothing to do with the text messages. Social workers have been working for some time to find the best solution for the family, who still live in the flat, he added. "Encasa Cibeles has not started any legal action against them."
The situation with Blackstone and Magic Real Estate is slightly different. Their tenants generally have longer contracts and fewer formal deals for reduced rents, though most pay below market rates. As with the Goldman flats, tenants were told nothing would change: "The contracts ... are guaranteed," seller EMVS said in a July news release. "The only thing that will change in the rent statement is the issuer."
As leases near expiry, at least 20 tenants in one block have signed new contracts for sharp rent rises, said a source with knowledge of the matter.
When Blackstone and Magic Real Estate bought the flats, Jaime Gamarra, an unemployed 62-year-old receiving benefits of less than 400 euros a month, had not been paying full rent for around a year. After he lost both his jobs, a woman at the council had told him to pay what he could afford.
On March 12, he got a letter from the new management company, Fidere, saying he owed them 5,133.54 euros in "inherent obligations" to be paid by March 5.
"I started to panic," he said. He met Fidere and was told his arrangement with the council was not viable for the firm. On June 24 he got a letter of eviction. A judge overruled this in September, but Fidere can appeal. Gamarra fears he will be thrown out.
"These flats were built with public money for people in difficulty," Gamarra said.
Jorge Arriba, a 37-year-old car mechanic, lives in a Blackstone flat; his 10-year contract ended in August. He used to pay 415 euros per month in rent, around a third of his salary. When he met Fidere in May, he said, they told him the rent would go up from September.
On Aug. 6, the 20 tenants in Arriba's block signed new contracts with Fidere, some of them seen by Reuters, which stipulate a rise of more than 40 percent in rent over three years. Blackstone referred inquiries to Fidere.
"It is not true that it is our intention to increase rent once the contracts end," Fidere spokesman Miguel Onate said in an email. Later, he said "some people have lost the public subsidy they received from the council." Of the flats under Fidere's management, he said, fewer than 2 percent have recurring problems with payments.
Six sources involved in the bidding process told Reuters that bidders knew the straitened circumstances of the tenants. The funds that entered final bidding - nine in all - were given detailed information. The sale terms, seen by Reuters, show the regional government stressed that the new owners must honor all the tenants' rights and obligations.
Goldman went for the Madrid homes after a successful pair of similar deals in Germany, a person familiar with the matter said. Goldman looked at the profiles of the tenants and considered whether the properties were "under-managed from a yield perspective" and whether new ownership could "improve rents." The deal was particularly appealing because 85 percent of the flats were occupied and most tenants were paying rent, in contrast to other properties with high percentages of defaulted mortgages or laws that made it hard to raise rents.
Some local politicians say IVIMA acted illegally by selling the flats cheap. IVIMA Director Ana Gomendio declined to comment.
Now a judge will decide who, if anyone, to blame. Any tenants evicted can reapply for social housing. Around 13,000 households are already on the waiting list for flats owned by Madrid city council, a source close to the council said. (Edited by Sara Ledwith)
More:

The Gun Conversation We Need to Havereddit
On Wednesday a gunman opened fire in Ottawa and killed a soldier at a war memorial. It is a stark reminder of the kind of world we live in every time a life is taken through violence. My prayers are with the victim and his family and for the authorities leading the investigation in trying to understand the shooter's motives.
Like Ebola and ISIS, the shooting is spreading fear around the world. It is not unnatural to experience fear as a reaction to danger. However, reacting out of fear instead of wisdom is the mistake we must stop making.
What happened in Ottawa is also a reminder for me that while we can't remove all violence, we can take steps as a country to reduce it. In 2011, the last year complete numbers are available, 31,897 died in America due to gun related deaths . In Canada, 2009 is the last year complete numbers are available, but the total number of gun related deaths for that year is 730 . While gun violence can happen anywhere, as Ottawa shows, it happens much more in the United States than any other developed country.
Why the discrepancy? The full answer is complicated, but one of the driving factors is not. Gun manufacturers, led by their powerful NRA lobby, stand to lose significant amounts of money if our country institutes legislation that reduces gun violence.
A significant amount of firearm sales in this country are not currently subject to background checks. And current protections for gun sellers make it difficult for law enforcement to identify "straw purchasers" who can pass existing background checks but then sell guns illegally to those who can't.
Closing these loopholes would make our country safer but also hurt gun manufacturers' bottom lines. So even though nine out of 10 Americans support universal background checks and three out of four NRA members agree , the gun lobby fights it anyway. And they are winning, as evidenced by gun violence being dropped from midterm election conversations. But because the gunrunners have bought the political process, it is up to us to keep gun violence at the top of our political and public agendas -- for the sake of our society.
If things are ever going to change in this country, we need to start by educating others and letting them know that a different world is possible. That's why we've put together videos and a free downloadable resource specifically designed for local congregations and communities to do just that.
It's not going to be easy and it won't happen overnight but we can't stand idly by as lives are lost needlessly every day.
If you aren't sure you can make a difference, I understand. It's a daunting task.
But, before you give up, take a look at one of these videos . Hear the story of a parent losing their child and their plea for help.
It's true, your contribution might be small. But know that it matters and it just might save a life.

Silence Encourages the Tormentor  Never the Tormentedreddit
Every time I look into the eyes of a victim of domestic violence and listen to her or his story, I can see and hear how important it is for them to speak safely about what they've endured. In the decade I've worked with survivors and advocated on their behalf, I've come to understand that nothing amplifies violence like silence.  As Elie Wiesel said, "Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented."
That's why I've committed my career to amplifying the voices of those who are too often unheard.
Many take our freedom of speech for granted, especially in a noisy election season, or when the Supreme Court denigrates its importance through decisions like Citizens United. But for too many victims, the freedom to speak up about the nightmare of domestic violence is still a dream.
For a long time, domestic violence was a problem without a name. As long as it wasn't discussed, it wasn't possible for individuals to address it or for communities to unite around their shared experiences and demand change.
A generation of brave survivors has led us out of that darkness, including those who established October as Domestic Violence Awareness Month . But many more roadblocks remain in our way.
First, the scene of the crime is often the privacy of one's own home. Abuses at the hand of a partner or lover are no less terrifying and damaging than those committed by strangers -- sometimes even more so -- but they can also be even scarier to report.
Second, the power dynamics at play are entirely about silencing victims. Perpetrators try to control and intimidate their victims long after the physical abuse ends, making it even harder to talk about.
Third, even though domestic violence is happening right in front of us, even though it happens to and by people we know and admire, we're still not comfortable as a society having an honest conversation about it.
Fourth and finally, when victims do find the courage to speak out against abuse, the tables turn. Women are called outrageous slurs -- crazy, hysterical, liars -- all designed to undermine their credibility. I know something about the way our culture tries to silence and stigmatize women like this; I lived through it myself in the very public way.
Women are also asked insulting and irrelevant questions -- "What did she say to him to cause that reaction?" -- as though any answer could justify or nullify the abuse she's suffered.
We saw this happen very publicly in the extraordinarily case of NFL star Ray Rice, when the victim's character was questioned as much as the offender. People asked, "Why did she marry him?" and "Why does she stay with him?" -- seeking to blame the victim.
This behavior and these stigmas hold us back. They dangerously stand directly in the path of gender equality -- and a society free of violence.
There are a lot of good people working hard to break down these walls, including the advocates I worked with at Sanctuary for Families and Neighborhood Legal Services of Los Angeles , and other organizations that support survivors of domestic violence. Many of those organizations joined a statewide coalition I co-founded to successfully advocate for legislation that protects victims of intimate partner violence regardless of their sexual orientation and relationship status.
That legislation allowed countless victims of same-sex intimate partner violence and teen and elder victims of dating violence to break their silence for the first time and seek civil restraining orders, ensuring that by speaking out they wouldn't risk their own and their families' safety.  These individual and collective acts of breaking the silence and raising our voices are crucial to progress, to ending the violence, just as the act of "coming out" has been crucial to progress on gay rights.
It's equally critical that we make our voices heard at the ballot box, where we can make progress on such issues. This November, our ballots will determine whether extremists committed to rolling back women's rights will get promoted to Congress, governors' mansions and state houses across the country. There are referenda on several states' ballots designed to limit women's access to the health care they need -- and designed to turn out conservative voters. I'm proud to be running for office in California, a model in many ways for its progressive legislation protecting survivors, and I know that if we keep moving California forward, the country will follow our lead.
The good news is that young voters and progressive voters have a record of turning out enthusiastically to affect change. The challenge is that our interest wanes in local and state elections like this year's. We can't forget that most real change starts much closer to our houses than the White House; most legislation that affects our everyday lives is debated and determined in state houses and city councils.
That's why I'm running for a seat in Sacramento. My commitment to my community is that I will always raise my voice to defend and protect survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault. I will never stand for silence that comforts the tormentors. But I also can't do it alone: You must raise your voices with your votes.
Follow Sandra Fluke on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SandraFluke
More:

CVS And Rite-Aid Shut Off Apple PayCVS follows Rite-Aid, shuts off Apple Pay
Drug store giants may be joining with other major retailers in developing a competing mobile wallet.
Post to Facebook
CVS follows Rite-Aid, shuts off Apple Pay Drug store giants may be joining with other major retailers in developing a competing mobile wallet. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tWmG5Y
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
191
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
CVS follows Rite-Aid, shuts off Apple Pay
Paul Ausick, 24/7 Wall St. 6:06 p.m. EDT October 26, 2014
CVS announced in February it would no longer sell tobacco products.
(Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
4879 CONNECT 781 TWEET 372 LINKEDIN 191 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Last Thursday drug store chain Rite Aid Inc. (RAD) reportedly stopped accepting payments made through the just launched Apple Pay system from Apple (AAPL) . On Saturday, CVS Health (CVS) was reported to have followed suit at its CVS pharmacy stores.
The issue appears to be a conflict between Apple Pay and a mobile payment system called CurrentC that is being developed by a retailer-owned mobile technology outfit called Merchant Customer Exchange ( MCX ). Unlike Apple Pay, CurrentC does not use an NFC chip, but instead generates a QR code that is displayed on the merchant's checkout terminal. Customers who have already linked their bank accounts to the CurrentC system scan the QR code from the terminal and the transaction is completed.
Apple Pay launches with few hiccups
When Apple announced Apple Pay in early September, both Wal-Mart Stores (WMT ) and Best Buy (BBY) said they had no plans to adopt the new system. Both are partners in MCX along with other major retailers like Target (TGT) , Darden Restaurants (DRI) , and Sears Holdings (SHLD) .
MCX has been working on a mobile payment solution since 2011, and the driving force behind the effort is to enable the merchants to avoid paying the 2% to 3% credit card transaction fees charged by the likes of Visa (V) and MasterCard (MA) . How much do these big retailers dislike paying fees to Visa and MasterCard? Former Walmart CEO Lee Scott is reported to have said, "I don't know that MCX will succeed, and I don't care. As long as Visa suffers."
That kind of attitude ought to help drive adoption of Apple Pay as well, but retailers have an investment in CurrentC and the system has begun real-world testing and is scheduled to go live early next year. The advantage of CurrentC is that it works with existing checkout terminals, while Apple Pay requires that most retailers purchase new equipment to communicate with the NFC chip in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Among the retailers that do not need to buy new terminals are Best Buy, Rite Aid, and CVS, so their reason for shutting down access to Apple Pay is very likely contractual or an act of solidarity with their fellow CurrentC backers.
CVS and the other CurrentC companies will almost certainly use the system exclusively for a relatively short time. If, as most observers expect, customer demand for NFC-based systems like Apple Pay grows rapidly, these retailers are not going to adopt a "my way or the highway" attitude with their customers. They have learned that when it comes to technology, it's a consumer-driven world and they just live in it. And one other thing retailers have — or should have learned — is not to underestimate the power of Apple in the consumer world.

Are We Ready For The Next Big StormPrevious Story
Next Story
Are We Ready For The Next Big Storm? Two Years After Sandy, There's Still Work To Be Done
 | By                                                                JENNIFER PELTZ and WAYNE PARRY
Posted:
Updated:
10/26/2014 10:59 pm EDT
A wave crashes against the shore while person stands on a porch as Hurricane Sandy moves up the coast October 29, 2012 in Montauk, New York. | Sheila Rooney via Getty Images
NEW YORK (AP) — After Superstorm Sandy, officials in New York and New Jersey vowed to make sure the unprecedented destruction wouldn't happen again.
Two years later, would it?
There are some concrete signs of tougher protections, from a nearly-finished sea wall protecting two devastated New Jersey towns to a Long Island boardwalk rebuilt to serve as a retaining wall. New floodgates protect a power plant where Sandy plunged miles of Manhattan into darkness and some homes sit higher while other buildings boast new flood barriers.
Enhanced preparedness has hardened backup power systems at hospitals, forged new systems to flood-proof subway vents, installed generators at dozens of gas stations to run pumps in a power outage, redrawn evacuation-zone maps and reshaped emergency plans for managing problems from debris to traffic.
But many planned projects are still years off and some ideas still under study. Thousands of homeowners await repair aid, some of it coupled with steps to make homes safer. Some efforts to buy out flood-prone homes haven't gotten takers in the worst-hit areas. And across the coast, a patchwork of protections leaves some areas more vulnerable than others.
Still, officials and disaster-preparedness experts see meaningful movement on a complicated problem that could take decades to remedy.
"The region is better prepared for a storm like Sandy," said Rockefeller Foundation President and resilience expert Judith Rodin. "I could never say that everyone is or should be satisfied with the rate of progress, but things are progressing."
It feels that way to Bill Burns as he watches city-paid contractors boost his Brooklyn home up about four feet, on a new foundation with conduits for water to flow underneath. He and his wife couldn't afford to do that after fixing the interior.
"This is going to make this house a lot safer to live in," he says.
But on Long Island, Anna Ervolina feels more vulnerable, not less. Architects have said she can't elevate her Long Beach home, and though the city has some new protections, she fears it remains fragile two years after Sandy flooded nearly 2/3 of its homes.
"I don't think it will take another Sandy to cause damage," says Ervolina, who has yet to move back to her house.
As Sandy's second anniversary approaches Oct. 29, it's tough to analyze preparedness gains, versus goals.
Much of the focus so far has necessarily been on repairing, stabilizing and strategizing, and many plans that emerged after Sandy — blamed for at least 182 deaths and $65 billion in damage in the U.S. — are long-term and intertwined with broader efforts at wrestling the effects of global warming.
There's no one regional authority in charge, and changes are in the hands of individual property owners as well as institutions. New York City alone has a $20 billion, potentially decades-long plan.
That mosaic troubles some experts. For a region of roughly 20 million people to improve coastal protection in a changing climate, "things have to connect up," says Elliott Sclar, the director of Columbia University's Center for Sustainable Urban Development. To him, the area needs "a mechanism of governance to begin to pull these things together."
Still, Sandy has turned planning for "someday" into more will and energy to get moving now.
"I think we're much more advanced today than we would be if Sandy hadn't occurred two years ago,"  says Megan Linkin, a natural hazards expert with the reinsurance company Swiss Re. "Sandy moved the hypothetical conversation to a very real conversation."
___
Parry reported from Sea Bright, New Jersey, and Mantoloking New Jersey. Frank Eltman in Mineola, New York and Geoff Mulvihill in Trenton, New Jersey, contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Krugman: How GOP Ideology Kills American Investment
Detainees Sue Private Prison Over Forced LaborImmigrant detainees in Colorado suing prison company over labor practices
By Patrick Fort Oct 23, 2014
Alex Menocal, lead plaintiff in the lawsuit against the GEO Group, says he was paid a dollar a day to cook and clean while detained at the company's Aurora holding center, and was threatened with solitary confinement if he refused to work.
(Photo: For CPR/Patrick Fort)
Current and former detainees at the immigrant holding center in Aurora are suing its owner, the GEO Group, accusing the private corrections company of violating labor law by forcing detainees to work for little or no pay.
The federal class-action complaint alleges detainees are threatened with solitary confinement if they don’t volunteer to clean, maintain and help operate the facility, for which they are paid no more than $1 a day. 
Alex Menocal, the lead plaintiff in the case, was sent to the facility after being pulled over for a traffic violation. Menocal, who says he is now a lawful permanent resident of the U.S., spent 97 days in the facility where he says he was pressured to work for next to nothing. 
 
“Every night I would tell the guards, ‘another day, another dollar,’” Menocal said at a press conference announcing the suit Thursday morning. “Every day, I would wake up at 5 a.m. to set up and serve the meals for approximately 50 detainees. Then I would hand out brooms, mops and cleaning supplies to the detainees so they could do their cleanup after the meal.” 
 
Protesters gather outside the ICE immigrant detention center in Aurora for the announcement of a class action lawsuit against the company that owns the facility, the GEO Group.
(Photo: For CPR/Patrick Fort)
In a written statement, the GEO Group asserts "the volunteer work program at immigration facilities as well as the wage rates and standards associated with the program are set by the Federal government. Our facilities adhere to these standards as well as strict contractual requirements and all standards set by ICE."
 
But Brandt Milstein, one of Menocal’s lawyers, challenges the idea that the program is voluntary.
 
“Inside this facility, GEO forces people who are detained there to work, to clean the facility under threat of solitary confinement for any refusal to do so,” Milstein says. 
 
The GEO Group operates 52 different facilities in the United States, and has faced class-action lawsuits on various subjects as recently as 2012. The company came under national scrutiny when the Southern Poverty Law Center brought a case against it in Mississippi, alleging a series of violations including inadequate medical care, extreme cases of isolation, violence against inmates and sex between female guards and male inmates.
 
Editor's Note: due to an editing error, an earlier version of this story said that Menocal is now a US citizen. He is currently a lawful permanent resident.
Immigration
Colorado Public Radio reserves the right to use the comments we receive, in whole or in part, and to use the commenter's name and location, in any medium. By commenting below, you agree to these terms. For additional information, please consult our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use .
Hide

Apple Pay already No. 1  boasts CEO Tim CookLAGUNA BEACH, California, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 16:41 IST
Apple Pay already No. 1, boasts CEO Tim Cook
AP
AP Apple CEO Tim Cook
TOPICS
electronics
Apple CEO Tim Cook said Apple’s new mobile payment system Apple Pay had over 1 million activations in the first three days after it became available, and is now more widely used than any competing payment system.
“We’re already No. 1. We’re more than the total of the other guys,” Mr. Cook boasted on Monday during a tech industry conference, “and we’ve only been at it a week.” He said Visa and MasterCard officials have told Apple that the Apple Pay system is already seeing more use than similar “contactless” methods of paying for purchases.
While Apple has partnered with major banks and large retail chains, critics have noted that it’s not accepted by a number of other large chains.
Mr. Cook also said he plans to talk with Jack Ma, executive chairman of the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, later this week about a possible partnership.
Today’s televisions haven’t advanced much technologically in the last 30 years, Mr. Cook said. “So I think there’s a lot to be done here.”
Mr. Cook didn’t offer specifics, but he said, “It’s an area where I’m optimistic that there is something great that can be done in the space.”
Takes a dig at competitors
Apple has touted the privacy and security features of its service, which uses a sophisticated encryption system to let users charge purchases on credit card accounts without having to show their card or account number.
Repeating a favourite dig at competitors such as Google and Facebook, Mr. Cook said Apple doesn’t collect user data or purchase information. “We don’t want to know what you buy. We’re not Big Brother; we’ll leave that to other people.”

Indians addicted to smartphones  says surveyPrint
People based out of Pune have the highest tendency of buying gadgets like smartphones and laptops when they are on leisure travel.
Written by Garima Rakesh Mishra | Pune | Posted: October 28, 2014 4:16 pm | Updated: October 28, 2014 4:22 pm
That smartphones are fast gaining the status of ‘lifelines’ would not be an overstatement. At least that’s what a recent survey seems to have found out. The facts and figures revealed in the survey by online travel company Expedia signal high dependency of new age Indians on smartphones.
As many as 95 per cent Indian respondents feel that their smartphone is very or of critical importance to their daily lives. The survey, which was conducted online from August 25 to September 17 across 25 countries from North America, Europe, South America and Asia Pacific, covered 8,856 employed adults aged 18 years and above.
Commenting on the highlights of the survey, Vikram Malhi, MD, Asia, Expedia, said: “We decided to conduct this survey to understand the booking behaviour of the neo-Indian traveller. The findings clearly suggest an increasing dependency on the mobile platform. Indians lead in app booking and data roaming plans globally. In fact, 75 per cent of Indians — the figure is the highest among all the countries surveyed — are those who have used an app on their smartphone or tablet to book accommodation.” He added that 68 per cent of the Indians admitted that they purchased an international data or roaming plan for their mobile device(s) while travelling away from their home network. The survey also reveals that with the rise of smartphones, the desktop is becoming an obsolete instrument — with only 28 per cent of the Indians using it for travel booking — second lowest globally.
As far as Pune figures are concerned, the survey offers some interesting data. As many as 44 per cent of the Puneites among the Indian surveyed confessed to using smartphones most frequently at home. Interestingly, the figure is the highest as compared to other big Indian cities — Delhi (35 per cent), Mumbai (29 per cent), Bangalore (37 per cent) and Hyderabad (36 per cent).
The survey says Puneites have the highest tendency of buying gadgets like smartphones (90 per cent) and laptops (91 per cent) when they are on leisure travel. They lead the segment across Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. It also reveals that at 48 per cent, Puneites are the highest users of gaming, music, movie and TV show apps while travelling. “It clearly emphasises on the trend of Puneites moving on to a more connected experience while travelling,” said Malhi.
About 39 per cent of the Puneites (the figure is again highest compared to Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad) associate the anxiety of losing mobile with the feeling that “all my apps, music and social networks are on my device”. As many as 59 per cent of the smartphone owners in Pune feel “insecure”, “isolated” and “shipwrecked” when they lose a mobile device. This figure too is highest among the cities surveyed — Delhi (40 per cent), Mumbai (41 per cent), Bangalore (37 per cent) and Hyderabad (43 per cent).
Though considered a wrong etiquette, 55 per cent of the Pune respondents confessed to making phone calls while dining at a restaurant or a cafe. The percentage of other four cities is much lower — Delhi (40), Mumbai (42), Bangalore (39) and Hyderabad (46).
City-based IT professional Pulkit Mathur is someone who can completely relate with the survey data. “I will not be exaggerating when I say my life runs on my mobile phone. Except when I am sleeping, I am constantly on the phone — checking mails, photos, chatting, browsing and so on. I have noticed that there are times when I am actually not doing anything productive on the phone but yet I am aimlessly checking my phone,” he said.
- 86 per cent of Indians own/use a smartphone
- India has the highest number of smartwatch owners globally, with 18 per cent of them owning/using the device
- India has the second highest number of Google Glass owners (6 per cent) after South Korea (8 per cent)
- 85 per cent of Indians currently have and use a laptop (Fourth highest in the world after Denmark (89 per cent), Austria (86per cent) and Norway (86 per cent)
- At 88 per cent, India ranked fifth in number of people saying they always bring their smartphone with them on leisure trips
- Indians rank second highest in carrying laptops with them on leisure trips (47 per cent) after UAE (48 per cent)

The Good News & The Bad News About Beating ObesityThe Good News And The Bad News About Beating Obesity
Posted:
reddit
Dr. Jeffrey M. Friedman
There's no escaping the fact that obesity raises the risk for diabetes, heart disease, and other medical problems.
But as obese people know all too well, one of the biggest downsides to being overweight is emotional: having to endure nasty looks and snide comments from the folks who believe obese people are to blame for being fat.
That belief is simply wrong, according to Dr. Jeffrey M. Friedman , a molecular geneticist at Rockefeller University in New York City and a pioneering researcher on the causes of obesity.
"If you ask the average person on the street why some people are obese and others are not, they would say people become obese because they eat too much," Friedman said in a recent interview with The Huffington Post's senior science editor, David Freeman. "That would be true, but I think that ignores the deeper question, which is 'Why do people eat too much?'...My view, based on the evidence, is actually some people eat more than others because they show differences in a biological system that regulates food intake."
And this system, according to Friedman, is largely controlled by heredity. In fact, studies show that body weight is about 80 percent attributable to the genes one inherits. By comparison, Friedman said, height is about 85 percent attributable to genes.
We don't "pillory people for being very tall or short," Friedman said, so it makes no sense to blame obese people for being that way--or for obese people to feel ashamed.
If that's the good news about obesity, the bad news is that the same genes that make us fat in the first place also make it  hard to lose excess weight and keep it off.
But Friedman doesn't see that as an excuse to give up trying to lose weight. The key, he said, is to focus on your health, not on your weight.
"If you are overweight and have a health problem," he said, "do your best to lose a little bit of weight. Turns out you don't need to normalize your weight to see marked improvements" in your health.
To learn more about research on the causes of obesity as well as Friedman's specific advice about eating to lose weight, listen to the full interview in the podcast link above.
The interview with Friedman was broadcast on Sharon, Connecticut radio station WHDD/Robin Hood Radio . Scroll down for more interviews.
Also on HuffPost:

Twitter Stock PlummetsTwitter Stock Plummets 14 Percent
Reuters
reddit
(Reuters) - Twitter Inc's efforts to improve user engagement and growth rates are taking longer than expected to gain traction, prompting a wave of rating and price target cuts on the stock.
Twitter's shares fell 14 percent to a near four-month low of$41.80 in early trading on Tuesday. Up to Monday's close, the stock had already fallen about 24 pct this year.
The online messaging service, known for its maximum 140 character "tweets", said on Monday its timeline views per user, a measure of engagement, fell 7 percent in the third quarter.
Twitter's user base also grew at a slightly slower rate of 23 percent in the quarter, raising concerns that the social network was losing ground to new mobile services such as WhatsApp and Instagram as well as to bigger rivals such as Facebook Inc.
The company's user growth rate was 39 percent in the quarter before it went public in November last year.
"User growth is starting to decelerate faster than we previously expected," Nomura Equity Research analysts said.
"While we believe that ad demand continues to outstrip supply, deceleration in monetization on a year-over-year basis is happening sooner than we had expected," they added.
At least four brokerages cut their ratings on the stock, and at least 13 cut price targets.
"All of this (disappointment) is occurring despite almost a year's worth of user interface/product improvements that should have 'mainstreamed' the user value proposition," analysts at RBC Capital Markets wrote in a note to clients.
"We believe it could take much, much longer to prove out than we had assumed," they said.
RBC downgraded the stock to "sector perform" from "outperform", while Nomura and BofA Merrill Lynch cut their ratings to "neutral" from "buy."
Stifel Nicolaus downgraded the stock to "sell" from "hold".
"Our long-term estimates decline materially as slower user growth coupled with potentially unsustainable growth in ad prices eventually leads to significantly lower revenue and earnings estimates," Stifel analysts said.
Out of 36 brokerages covering the stock, 14 have a "buy" rating, three have a "strong buy", 17 have a "hold", one has a "sell" and one a "strong sell".
Twitter has been making significant product enhancements to expand its user engagement levels this year and has broadened its advertising capabilities over the past few years.
Twitter teamed up with France's Groupe BPCE [BPCE.UL] in October to allow the bank's customers to transfer money via tweets.
It also forged a partnership with Berlin-based audio-streaming service SoundCloud to allow users to play podcasts, music and other audio clips direct from their timelines, or message feeds.
"How, when, and to what extent Twitter is able to engage and monetize these users are some of the key pieces to the puzzle around how Twitter can expand its low monetization levels," Canaccord Genuity analysts said.
(Reporting by Rachel Chitra and Tenzin Pema; Editing by Feroze Jamal)
More:

The best phase of my career: Sania MirzaThe Hindu Sania Mirza said the secret of her success is hard work and nothing else. Photo: V.V. Subrahmanyam
TOPICS
tennis
“It has been a fabulous last few weeks and arguably the best phase of my career,” said an elated Sania Mirza on arrival at the Sania Mirza Tennis Academy here on Tuesday.
Sania, who returned home on Monday night after winning the prestigious WTA Tour doubles final partnering Zimbabwean Cara Black, feels that she played the best tennis of her career.
“It was an amazing feeling to win the WTA doubles title. I would rate it very high as compared to the two Grand Slam titles and the recent Asian Games mixed doubles gold,” the 27-year-old Sania said.
“Yes, it is a bit sad that we [she and Cara] are splitting after such a fabulous win. But, again this is not because we did not want to play. I have to respect Cara’s decision since she decided to be with her family,” Sania said.
“It has been a terrific partnership and its great that we finished off on such a high in Singapore.
“This has been an incredible year for me. But also it has been very demanding and I thank God that there were no injuries. Given the fact that I had to undergo major surgeries in the last 10 years and even thought of quitting in 2010,” she added.
Reflecting on the WTA doubles final, Sania said that it was tougher than a Grand Slam.
“It has been a terrific event and the crowd support was terrific too. Our Chinese opponents had never lost in 12 finals before the Singapore event. But we just shut it out of our mind and tried our best. We kept fighting despite losing a couple of points mid-way. We played an almost perfect match losing only one game,” said Saina.
Sania also revealed that she has decided to hire doubles specialist coach Paul McNamee, who incidentally coaches her new partner, China’s Su-Wei Hsieh.
How difficult will it be to play with a new partner in the year ahead? “Any partnership takes time to settle down. But we are confident of doing well. It doesn’t matter even if we lose a few for we can always focus and come back,” Sania said.
“The goal is to be the No. 1 in the world in women’s doubles. I have moved a bit closer to that and hope to achieve it early next year. The ultimate dream is to win an Olympic medal in the 2016 edition in Rio,” Sania added.
She also appreciated the interest shown by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in sports.
“It makes you excited when the Prime Minister tweets on your success. The couple of times I met him he was very supportive of sports and caring for athletes.
“These motivate any athlete and I feel he is a wonderful and dynamic personality,” Sania said.

Infosys to provide software solutions to Philippines  bankInfosys to provide software solutions to Philippines' bank
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 21:33 IST
IT services firm Infosys on Tuesday said it is providing banking software solutions to Philippines-based Bank of Makati, which recently transitioned into a savings bank.
Bank of Makati (BMI) has implemented Infosys' Finacle core banking solution to transform customer experience and drive growth, at reduced costs, the firm said in a statement.
This deployment will enable BMI to better promote its business and housing loan products nationwide and also aggressively expand its customer base and loan volumes, it added.
It will also help BMI to procure business from the large pool of motorcycle loan borrowers by issuing special ATM cards, thereby converting them into retail banking customers.
BMI was the Philippines' largest rural bank before it became a savings bank. It is also a leading provider of motorcycle loans in the country.
The transformation from the old legacy system to the Infosys Finacle Core Banking Solution began in September last year, and the solution was taken live on June 1, 2014.
The new solution has improved automation and operational efficiency in daily transactions and reduced clearing processing time from four hours to less than 45 minutes.
Daily processes, such as record-keeping, end-of-day processing of transactions, clearing, settlement and reconciliation, which consumed several hours previously, are now handled locally at each branch in less than 15 minutes.

The quiet  controversial partnership between the Israeli and Palestinian police chiefsBy Ruth Eglash October 28 Follow @reglash
Israel Police Commissioner Inspector Yohanan Danino and Palestinian Police Commissioner Maj. Gen. Hazim Attallah have been working closely together for the past two years, mostly in secret. They both say that despite the political divisions, it is essential for them to work together to fight crime for the safety of their citizens. (Ruth Eglash/The Washington Post)
 
RAMALLAH, West Bank — When Palestinian police discovered a torched car with Israeli license plates near the West Bank city of Hebron this summer, they immediately suspected foul play. It was only later that afternoon, however, that they learned that the abandoned vehicle was the first piece of evidence in the kidnapping of three Israeli teenagers in the area, according to Maj. Gen. Hazim Attallah, the Palestinian police chief.
The force then passed that information along to Israeli authorities, in what was the first step in Palestinian police work that helped Israeli authorities identify the land where the bodies of the youths, who were allegedly killed by Palestinian militants, were buried.
To those outside the security agencies, it may come as a surprise that Palestinian and Israeli police continued working closely throughout the tense summer, when the Israeli military swept the occupied West Bank in search of the teens and the suspects and war broke out in the Gaza Strip between Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas. But in recent interviews with The Washington Post, the chiefs of both forces said their sometimes controversial relationship — forged in secret meetings over the past two years  — continues today, even as East Jerusalem seethes with clashes.
The information about the abandoned car “gave us a very good start in the case,” said the Israeli police commissioner, Inspector General Yohanan Danino, adding that Palestinian police also supplied Israel with video footage of the vehicle’s movements inside Palestinian areas.
Last weekend, the D.C.-based Police Executive Research Forum, which initially brought the two men together, recognized their cooperation with a leadership award. They shared it with Jordanian Interior Minister Gen. Hussein al-Majali, who facilitated the Israeli-Palestinian chiefs’ interaction and directed Jordanian police to work with the Israelis and the Palestinians to fight cross-border smuggling and crime.
Contrary to the beliefs of many Israelis, Danino said the Palestinian police force worked diligently to assist in solving the killing of the three teens, who had been abducted while hitchhiking home from their seminaries in the West Bank. Members of a small Hamas cell were implicated in the crime; two of the alleged kidnappers were killed by Israeli security forces during an exchange of gunfire when the pair were tracked to a woodworking shop in Hebron three months later.
The often-quiet role that Palestinian police play in aiding Israeli security is an especially thorny topic in the West Bank, where many residents are angry with the Palestinian Authority for what they see as its part in maintaining the Israeli military occupation. Palestinian police have jurisdiction only in what is known as Area A of the West Bank, which is controlled by the Palestinian Authority. More than half of the West Bank, known as Area C, is under full Israeli military control, although Israeli police operate there, too. The remainder is patrolled by both police agencies in coordination with each other.
Left: Maj. Gen. Hazim Attallah, the Palestinian police commissioner, in his office at the Palestinian police headquarters in Ramallah. Right: Inspector General Yohanan Danino, the Israeli police commissioner, in his office at the Israeli police headquarters in Jerusalem. Photos by (Ruth Eglash/The Washington Post)
Attallah said his force of 8,000 was under intense pressure through the summer, especially as the Israeli army carried out its search for the teens and the suspects by entering many Palestinian-controlled areas for the first time since the second Palestinian intifada 10 years ago.
“We still had to do our job serving and protecting the public. But how could we when there was a military curfew?” Attallah said. He said he instructed his officers to don civilian clothing so they could continue their work alongside the Israeli military operation.
Despite the barriers, the two police chiefs said they have formed a personal and professional rapport.
“We are doing almost the same job. Policing is the same everywhere. We are all focusing on the safety of our people,” the Palestinian police chief said. “We are not discussing political issues; we are discussing the problems of road safety, crime and other issues that affect everybody here in this region.”
The two police chiefs say that although there was interaction in the past — mostly in the late-1990s, after the Oslo peace agreement — now it is occurring at a senior, more strategic level.
They said top members of each force meet regularly to share intelligence on drug-smuggling operations and car-theft rings, as well as trying to tame reckless driving in areas where both Palestinians and Israeli settlers live.
The Israeli police chief, whose 29,000-officer force has faced charges of corruption and sexual harassment, as well as criticism of heavy-handedness in dealing with Palestinian civil unrest , used the example of Interpol – a global policing organization — to describe his partnership with the Palestinians.
“We pass them the information they need, and they help us, too,” he said. But he added that when Israeli national security enters the picture, “it gets more complicated.”
Describing a fatal accident last year involving a Palestinian driver who fled the scene after killing an Israeli motorist, Danino recalled that the first question was whether it was an accident or an intentional killing that Israel might consider a “terrorist” attack.
“I called General Attallah, and we reached an agreement whereby he would bring the driver to us, we would interview him and determine if it had been on purpose. If not, we would send him back to the Palestinians to face trial,” Danino said. In the end, the fatality was ruled an accident.
Both chiefs pointed to their cooperation as evidence that the broader Israeli-Palestinian conflict might be solvable. But it requires one thing, they said: trust.
“If we can do this at this level, then there is a way for [Israelis and Palestinians] to get there in other areas, too,” Danino said.
Attallah echoed that.
“We have helped many Israelis, including soldiers who end up in our areas by mistake. They are immediately handed back to the Israeli authorities, and never once has a round of bullets gone missing from their guns,” he said.
“If that is not proof of trust, what more is needed?” he said.
Ruth Eglash is a reporter for The Washington Post based in Jerusalem. She was formerly a reporter and senior editor at the Jerusalem Post and freelanced for international media.

Islamic State has a guide to shoot down helicopters with MANPADSBy Thomas Gibbons-Neff October 28 Follow @Tmgneff
A U.S. Apache helicopter takes to the air during an aerial gunnery exercise. The Islamic State has released a guide on how to shoot them down, after the United States began using them in airstrikes against militants in Iraq. (Photo by JUNG YEON-JE/AFP/Getty Images)
Earlier this month the Pentagon entered a new phase of its air campaign in Iraq against the Islamic State when  it announced that AH-64 Apache helicopters would assist beleaguered Iraqi and Kurdish ground forces. Almost simultaneously on Twitter, the Islamic State released a how-to guide on how to shoot down the heavily armed aircraft with a man portable air defense system or MANPADS.
The Apache first entered service in 1986 and has undergone various iterations since. Its main armaments consist of a 30mm cannon and it can carry an assortment of missiles, including the vaunted Hellfire.
The Islamic State, seemingly well aware of the aircraft’s capabilities, notes in its guide that the Apache’s pilot and gunner are well protected from ground fire and shrapnel with reinforced armor plating. The best way to shoot down the helicopter, the guide says, is with advanced MANPADS like the American FIM-92 Stinger and the Russian SA-16 and SA-18.
The Islamic State manual, first reported on by the  International Business Times and posted recently in full on New York Times reporter  C.J Chivers’ website , is a telling example of how the Islamic State marries propaganda and battlefield tactics.
While the Stinger has never been documented in Islamic State hands, both the SA-16 and SA-18 have been sighted, albeit in limited quantities, with armed groups in Syria according to a report released by Small Arms Survey in August . Additionally, the Islamic State released still images last month after claiming responsibility for shooting down an Iraqi Mi-35 helicopter north of Baghdad with a Chinese FN-6 MANPADS.
An image distributed by the Islamic State shows an Iraqi helicopter catching fire and crashing in northern Iraq. (Courtesy SITE Intelligence Group.)
The Mi-35, while Russian built, has many of the same capabilities as the Apache including missile detection systems and counter measures. The Islamic State’s possession of MANPADS has not been officially confirmed, but State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said Monday the U.S. government is “assessing these claims.”
There’s clearly significant potential threat to aviation operating in Iraqi and Syrian airspace due to ongoing fighting,” Psaki said. “But – and of particular concern is our advanced conventional weapons like MANPADS, but we don’t have confirmation of this at that time – at this time.”
The Islamic State has claimed to have destroyed a number of aircraft in both Iraq and Syria, but only in recent months has footage appeared of the group wielding more advanced missiles like the FN-6.
The FN-6 can hit targets flying at around 11,000 feet while the SA-18 has an effective range upwards of 18,000 feet. This puts Apaches flying at low altitude within striking distance along with other low flying aircraft, like the C-130 transport planes that are being used to resupply Kurdish and Iraqi forces in the region. Yet, while both aircraft might be within engagement range, both the C-130 and Apache have countermeasures to temporarily defeat threats posed by heat-seeking missiles.
The guide goes on to emphasize methods for employing MANPADS, noting that the gunner should carefully select his firing position in order to minimize the dust cloud generated by the missile launch and that he should take only five to ten seconds to target the helicopter before firing so it has less time to detect in the incoming missile. If possible, the guide adds, two missiles should be fired ten seconds apart to increase the likeliness of hitting the target.
Firing two missiles at once, known as volley fire, increases the likelihood of a crash if both missiles hit. Additionally, having two missiles in various stages of flight make it increasingly more difficult for the pilot to outmaneuver them.
Other parts of the document also highlight what Islamic State fighters should do after shooting down the helicopter. This includes destroying spent MANPADS tubes, using a sniper to shoot aircrew members who manage to get clear of the wreckage and using “4-6 missiles” to shoot other aircraft as they attempt to secure the first crash site.
Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a Washington Post contributor and a former U.S. infantry Marine.

Willingness to lend is a problem  says Federal Bank chiefUpdated: October 29, 2014 01:12 IST
Willingness to lend is a problem, says Federal Bank chief
K. T. Jagannathan
banking
Though a sense of hope has set in, banks are still somewhat circumspect in lending as they await cobwebs to clear for the Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make-in-India’ pitch to take a firm root at the ground level.
Articulating this predicament in an interaction with this correspondent here on Tuesday, Federal Bank Managing Director and CEO Shyam Srinivasan asserted that liquidity had never been a problem. “Rather, willingness to lend is the problem,” he admitted.
Asserting that the “crisis of confidence was firmly behind us,” he said there was plenty of hope and optimism now. He suggested that banks were now looking closely at the robustness of any proposal before making any fund commitment.
Stating that not much sizable was happening outside the working capital borrowing, Mr. Srinivasan expressed optimism that big projects would start rolling out soon. Once that occurred, the ‘lubrication of the credit system’ would happen, he said.
Fielding a range of questions, he said Federal Bank had been focussing on SME (small and medium enterprises) and mid-market segments with better product offerings, and competitive mobile-based solutions. Mr. Srinivasan said the quality of the bank’s portfolio had been improving sequentially for the last six quarters.
Gross NPA (non-performing assets) stood at 2.10 per cent at the end of September, 2014, down from 3.39 per cent on September 30, 2013.
Net NPA stood at 0.66 per cent as at the end of September, 2014.
The bank had also been continuously improving its footprint across the country with a branch network of 1,216, he pointed out.

SunEdison inks pact with Rajasthan govtUpdated: October 29, 2014 01:13 IST
SunEdison inks pact with Rajasthan govt
Special Correspondent
alternative energy
SunEdison of the U.S. , on Tuesday, signed an agreement with the Rajasthan Government for setting up 5,000 MW of solar power capacity by way of multiple mega solar projects.
The Rajasthan Government will facilitate identification of land suitable for the development of solar PV projects as well as allot it on a long-term lease in accordance with the applicable policies of the state government. Additionally, the Government will create and provide the necessary electricity interconnection infrastructure. In order to complete these requirements, the government has tasked the Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation with expediting and facilitating the allotment of land and all other requisite permits and approvals for establishment of the solar PV projects. Each project will have a capacity of 500 MW or more, said a statement.
The Rajasthan Government recently announced a new Solar Policy, which aspires to create 25 GW of solar capacity in the radiation-rich state in the next few years.
SunEdison already has a strong presence in Rajasthan, with large solar generation capacity solar water pump installations.

Kamarajar Port to set up free trade and warehousing zoneUpdated: October 29, 2014 01:11 IST
Kamarajar Port to set up free trade and warehousing zone
N. Anand
waterway and maritime transport
The Kamarajar Port Ltd (KPL) has decided to set up a Free Trade and Warehousing Zone (FTWZ) on 100 acres, adjacent to its premises.
KPL recently acquired 650 acres from the Salt department to take care of its future needs. As a first step, 100 acres had been set apart for this purpose that would entail an approximate investment of Rs.200 crore.
Talking to The Hindu, a KPL official said till recently they were toying with the idea of setting up Special Economic Zone. But latter decided to host FTWZ considering the innumerable advantages it provided to the trade such as warehousing facilities for different products/categories, shared warehousing of international standards, reduction in custom clearance time and better logistics facilities, among others.
“We will be the first port on the eastern coast to set up FTWZ. As a part of the exercise, we will select a consultant through a Notice Inviting Tender. He will be given six months time to carry out and submit a feasibility study,” he said.
The consultant is expected to provide details regarding the required infrastructure facilities, advice on legal requirements, and get various clearances from the State and Central governments.
After the submission of the feasibility study, competitive bids would be floated to select unit holders.
There could be any number of unit holders. However, they would be allowed to carry out EXIM activities only through Kamarajar Port, he said.
FTWZ is a sanitized zone designated as foreign territory for carrying on business. It would be a key link in logistics and global supply chains, servicing both India and the globe, he said.

Ten reasons why bats are a lot cooler than you thinkBats are for more than just Halloween
View Photos
On the first National Bat Week, experts show why bats are cool.
Caption
On the first National Bat Week, experts show why bats are cool.
Oct. 27, 2014 Rob Mies, conservation biologist and executive director of the Organization for Bat Conservation, attempts to get a Malaysian flying fox to spread its wings at the BatsLive event at the U.S. Department of Agriculture in the District. The flying fox is among the largest species of bat, with a wing span of up to nearly 5 feet. Katherine Frey/The Washington Post
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
3. Bats eat insects the way you eat candy bars. They love them. I mean they really love them. A single bat will eat 2,000 insects per night, no problem. That amounts to without them, farmers would be spraying a lot more insecticides on your food, and since they would have to pay a lot for designer chemicals to make up for the $3 billion per year bats are worth to agriculture, that cost would be passed directly to you.
4. One of the nicest snacks for bats is the emerald ash borer . They're an invasive species that look like bright green grasshoppers from outer space, and they bore into native ash trees, killing them. Ash trees supply the smooth, durable wood used for flooring, bowling alleys, church pews, baseball bats and electric guitars.
5. Conservationists argue that vampire bats have been framed. They don't drink human blood. They mostly drink the blood of cows in Latin America, with a distinct preference for angus cattle in Mexico. You know who else wolfs down cows? Most of you. Truth is, vampire bat spit led to the discovery of an anti-clotting enzyme that's been synthesized to help stroke victims, says Rob Mies, a biologist for the Organization for Bat Conservation.
6. Hollywood loves bats and so do you. A grown man wears a tight, black costume adorned with a pointy-eared mask, a cape that looks like wings and a bat symbol stretched across the chest as he beats up criminals, and no one blinks. In fact, you pay millions to watch Batman. The latest actor to portray the caped crusader, Ben Affleck, star of "Batman vs. Superman," says bats are one of his favorite animals and should be yours too.
7. It's Halloween, so let's address this Dracula business. Have you noticed that he's absolutely harmless when he takes a bat's form. It's when he changes back into a human that you should hide your wife and kids.
8. Bats sing. Yes, that bird you think you hear... think again. It's a small, sweet chirp .
9. Here's a head turner: Bats don't show signs of aging, says Mies, the Bat Conservation biologist. That includes every species. Researchers go nuts trying to determine how old they are. Females can have babies starting at age 2 to the very last year of their lives. The oldest bat recorded in North America lived to 34, and the oldest in Europe lived to 41. And no, they didn't look their ages. The oldest bat fossil is 52 million years old. Yes, that looks its age.
10. That saying, "It takes a village to raise a child," bats are really into that. They will take care of each other's young. In some caves and mines with millions of individuals, mother bats can find a single baby amid hundreds of thousands of others with their keen ears and noses.

Thousands mourn Canada soldier killed in Ottawa attackThousands of mourners lined the streets of the Canadian city of Hamilton for the funeral of the killed soldier.
By: Agence-France Presse | Ottawa | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:05 am
Thousands of mourners lined the streets of the Canadian city of Hamilton today for the funeral of a soldier killed last week in an attack in the center of the nation’s capital.
To the tune of wailing bagpipes and a solitary drum beat, hundreds of soldiers, veterans and police officers walked alongside the flag-draped casket of Corporal Nathan Cirillo to a cathedral in Hamilton, his hometown in Ontario.
Cirillo was fatally shot last week while standing watch at the War Memorial in Ottawa. His attacker, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, then stormed into parliament and exchanged fire with police before being shot dead.
The attack was one of two targeting Canadian military personnel last week. Another soldier was run over and killed last week in a Montreal suburb.
Both attacks came as Canada deployed fighter jets to join US-led air strikes on the Islamic State group in Iraq. Police say both assailants were converts to Islam with alleged extremist views.
“Two of our own have made the ultimate sacrifice, and we celebrate their lives and mourn their deaths,” said Governor General David Johnston.
In his eulogy, Prime Minister Stephen Harper told mourners that the war memorial is a reminder that “freedom is never free. It has been earned by the soldier and then donated to all of us.”
“Most of us can never truly understand the significance to a soldier of the simple act of standing reverently on guard at that place,” Harper said.
“Corporal Cirillo, who felt the calling of a soldier when he was just a 13-year-old cadet, he understood. He knew what he was protecting and what he was preserving. He died protecting and preserving it,” he said.
Harper was to meet later in the day with US Secretary of State John Kerry, who travelled to Canada to show Washington’s solidarity with Ottawa. Kerry placed a wreath at the war memorial in Cirillo’s honor.
Canada, a country proud of its reputation for openness and tolerance, has remained defiant in the wake of the attacks.
It has been threatened in militant broadcasts over its role in the US-led campaign against Islamic State jihadists.
Some Canadians have travelled to the Middle East to join the group, and others are thought to have developed radical ideas at home, living among the country’s Muslim minority.

Griffin could start at Minnesota  but QB roles undefinedBy Mike Jones October 28 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington may have a three-headed monster at quarterback, with Colt McCoy, right, warming up before the Cowboys game, Robert Griffin III, center, and Kirk Cousins. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Redskins coach Jay Gruden said that quarterback Robert Griffin III is “very, very, very close” to making his return from the ankle injury that has sidelined him for the past six games. But the day after Colt McCoy helped the team to its second straight win, Gruden insisted that the backup-turned-interim-starter’s play has no impact on the decision on when Griffin will return.
Gruden has maintained that whenever Griffin does receive medical clearance, and once he performs well enough in practice to earn the coaches’ confidence, the third-year pro will reclaim his job. McCoy had a strong performance in the 20-17 win over Dallas, and he will remain the starter until Griffin receives the green light. But Gruden doesn’t feel a sense of greater flexibility because of McCoy’s positive showings.
“We’re not going to rush Robert back, no matter what happens. We’re going to make sure he’s 100 percent, and until we feel like he’s 100 percent, Colt will still play,” Gruden said Tuesday afternoon. “Colt did a great job, obviously, leading us to victory against Dallas, but it’s still going to be predicated on when the doctors say he’s 100 percent, when Robert feels like he’s 100 percent and when I feel like he’s ready to take the game-time reps.”
The Redskins this week have a short turnaround because they played Monday night and have a smaller window of recovery time. Gruden said because of that, Wednesday’s practice — normally one of the most rigorous of the week — will run at a walk-through/jog-through pace. Then Gruden hopes to ramp up the level of activity Thursday and Friday. Based on those two practices, he hopes to have a good grasp of Griffin’s physical and mental state.
“We’ll make the decision. I think Robert is very, very, very close. We just have to decide if he is ready,” Gruden said. “Physically, I think he’ll be ready to go. Doctors feel pretty good about it. They still want to see him run around this week before they make their final determination, but I just want to make sure he feels good in the pocket, moving forward.”
Gruden said the decision of who he’ll tab as the backup to Griffin — if Griffin indeed returns this week — is a bigger matter of debate right now.
Gruden praised McCoy’s play against Dallas, particularly his poise and competitive fire.
“I like the way he competed, No. 1,” he said. “He wasn’t perfect by any stretch. But he competed his butt off, make some huge throws, some good scrambles, a great quarterback draw for a touchdown. Just a great competitor and you love to have that at your quarterback position. You never really quite know until you see him out there the lights on and under pressure. So, I just love his competitive spirit and the way he handled the pressure.”
Gruden did have areas to critique in McCoy’s game: The interception in the end zone, and the two delay-of-game penalties (the last of which took Washington out of field-goal range late in the game) stood out most prominently.
Gruden said that the process of him selecting plays, relaying them to offensive coordinator Sean McVay, and then McVay radioing them into McCoy wasn’t the issue. Gruden said McCoy needed to move more quickly in and out of the huddle and that he and the receivers needed to get into position more quickly to avoid such penalties.
The coach said that he doesn’t yet know who will serve as No. 2 quarterback once Griffin returns. Cousins backed Griffin up in the first two games, then McCoy dressed and served as the backup to Cousins for five games. McCoy took over for Cousins in the second half of the Week 7 game against Tennessee and led the team to a comeback victory. Cousins was in the No. 2 role on Monday against Dallas.
Uncertainty looms over that role going forward, the coach indicated.
“That’s a good question,” Gruden replied. “We’d love to dress three quarterbacks. They’re all worthy of playing. I’ve said this before: Kirk has done some great things and I think his career is still going to be good in the NFL. It’s just that I think Colt has shown, you can see what Colt does. … Every day in practice. You see he’s a viable option also. We were struggling with turnovers and third down percentage so I felt Colt deserved a crack at it, and he proved he can do it. So, if Robert comes back, we’ll have to make a decision on the second quarterback, whoever that is, or dress all three, but that’ll be determined when Robert comes back.
“I really didn’t answer that question, I know.”
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject line “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

(Almost) Everything We Think About Managing Talent Is Wrong. Here s Why.reddit
Today's workplace should look more like a jazz band (yes, that's a pic of me) rather than a Dilbert-style bureaucracy that looks more like a dysfunctional marching band. As Dilbert pointed out (in the best selling management book of all time) our approach to talent management is deeply flawed.
But meaningful change is beginning to happen. The digital revolution is enabling new models of collaboration that lead to better innovation and higher performance. A new generation of young workers (The Net Generation as I've called them) is entering the workforce and bringing a new culture. And the new business environment demands something better. This requires a rethinking of talent management.
The current model of talent management is recruit, train, manage, retain and evaluate the performance of employees. In the future smart companies won't do any of this. Work will look more like a jazz ensemble where hierarchy is replaced by creativity, sense-and-respond, peer-to-peer, collaboration, empowerment and improvisation.
1) Don't Recruit: Initiate Relationships and Engage The Best Talent.
In the old model of human resources, potential new hires were solicited using one-way broadcast advertising methods, such as newspaper classified ads. Today advertising to attract young people is a waste of time and money. Companies can use social media to influence this generation about their company and get to know them.
Old-style job interviews were much like interrogations in which potential employees were grilled on their strengths and weaknesses, knowledge and skills, sometimes being asked to perform tests that are terrible predictors of effectiveness. This approach should be completely revised. Employers who seek to identify, attract, and hire the best talent should see the process as a dialogue.
And starting early, even in high school, companies can use challenges, projects, part-time jobs, internships, summer employment, and the like to get to know the best and brightest. When it's time to hire them there is no "recruiting" to be done, as you have already engaged the people who you want. It's simply a boundary change, where you bring your collaborator inside the boundaries of your firm.
2) Don't Train: Create Work-Learning Environments.
Working and learning in the knowledge economy are basically the same thing. What are you doing right now reading this book? Working or learning?
So rather than sending off employees to separate training and educational activities, why not use the new media to increase the learning component of their work? Rather than training them, engage them in rich working-learning environments for life-long learning.
At my company our "training" strategy is three words: "Everyone must blog." In doing so everyone learns how to research, write well, defend his or her ideas, and collaborate and engage with the world.
The Net Generation in particular will respond well if mentored and coached to contribute to corporate policies, strategy, and business performance. Thus, employers must use creativity and flexibility when organizing the first few months of work to expose the new employees to various leaders, work situations, and work content. Greater transparency, exposure to, and interactivity with, the broader organization during this initiation phase will lead to a win-win outcome. Companies that make the effort will benefit from less turnover, shorter ramp-up speeds, higher levels of engagement, and earlier and greater returns on their investments in employees.
How could your company increase the learning component of work?
3) Don't Manage: Collaborate.
The Dilbertian enterprise is divided into the governors and the governed. At the top is the supreme governor and at the bottom the permanently governed. In between are those that alternate. These bureaucracies are slow. Employees are supervised and isolated in silos where knowledge is not shared.
Increasingly traditional approaches to supervision and management are not effective. Good managers build teams and engage employees through distributing authority, power, and accountability. A growing number of firms are decentralizing their decision-making function, communicating in a peer-to-peer fashion, and embracing new technologies that empower employees to communicate easily and openly with people inside and outside the firm. In doing so, they are creating a new corporate meritocracy that is sweeping away the hierarchical silos in its path and connecting internal teams to a wealth of external networks.
Collaboration is a two-way street. Work styles, workflow models, workday and workplace parameters, career paths, and professional development offerings should be examined and potentially retooled by organizations to maximize fit with the generational mix of employees.
How could your company move from a supervision model to one of true collaboration?
4) Don't Retain: Evolve Lasting Relationships.
In today's volatile work environment you can't retain talent like you retain fluids.
Talent doesn't need to be inside the boundaries of your enterprise. The Internet drops transaction and collaboration costs and companies can find uniquely qualified minds to create value anywhere. This opens a new world of relationships between talent and firms. Using the analogy of the university's alumni network, companies should think of employees as a web of contacts. They should be perceived as networks, with a wealth of knowledge about the company's inner workings, which possess the opportunity to add great value, even after leaving the company. Social networking, communities of practice, and other Web platforms allow employees and ex-employees alike to exchange resources and disseminate information. Net-Generation employees will embrace this kind of thinking as it comes naturally to them, having grown up on online communities such as Facebook.
Some of my best talent is not inside the boundaries of my company. How could your company become a network rather than a fortress for talent?
5) Don't Do Annual Reviews: Improve Performance Real-Time
If you're a manager, you may have noticed that your twenty-something employees need plenty of feedback. It's part of their mind-set, and is honed by a lifetime of immersion in interactive digital technologies. This has had a profound effect on the Net Generation's mental habits and their way of doing things. They've grown up to expect two-way conversation, not lectures from a parent, teacher, or employer. They're used to constant and quick feedback from friends about everything -- their homework, a new gadget, and now, their job.
The annual performance appraisal, in which the boss tells the underling how he or she rates against corporate objectives, makes little sense for young employees. It's often a one-way "appraisal" -- boss to employee -- that usually downplays the employee's wishes and desires. It happens once a year -- long after the performance took place. It rewards or punishes individual performance -- not the collaboration that the new workforce treasures. It's more about compensation and promotions than about improving performance.
So how do you give feedback to a generation that has an insatiable desire for it? How do you do it in a way that makes sense to people under 30?
There are new software packages, such as Work.com, that offer tools to enable real-time feedback. Instead of waiting an entire year to find out what managers think of them, employees can send out a quick (50 words or less) question to people they trust -- a manager, a co-worker sitting in the meeting, even a client, or a supplier. Baby Boomers like me still wonder whether software like this will make our email inboxes overflow with requests for "advice." But I think managers will stop complaining once they see that employees are using this information to quickly improve their performance.
This is the second post in a series based on The Digital Economy, 20th Anniversary Edition by Don Tapscott, released October 24, 2014.
Don Tapscott is the author of 15 books and rated by Thinkers50 as one of the top five living business thinkers in the world. He also plays keyboards in the band Men in Suits.
Follow Don Tapscott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dtapscott
More:

4 Ways to Show Your Personal Brand in Interviewsreddit
What do Oprah, Michael Jordan and Madonna all have in common? Sure, they've all attained a certain level of success, but one is a media mogul who likes to give her favorite things away while another is one of the most well known basketball players of all time and the third is a musical artist known for her risqué performances. What unites these differences is one common trait: a strong personal brand. It's the reputation that precedes them and the consistent set of attributes that come to mind whenever someone hears their names.
A personal brand is one of the most crucial aspects of building a career. Whether you know it or not, you have a personal brand that you're known for, so it's up to you to decide what your brand is and how it will help you stand out from the crowd. When coaching my clients on job hunting, I always advise them to first do this exercise: figure out what you'd like to be known for or what you'd like your brand to be - often times this is at the intersection of your priorities, values and innate interests. In parallel,  do a reality check to uncover the skills that others have often attributed to you, and what others believe your strengths to be i.e. what do others perceive your brand to be? This will help you identify your current personal brand and the gaps you need to fill to get to your desired brand. Then, decide what actions will help you either fine tune what you want to be known for or build upon what is already there.
After determining your personal brand, think about the brand of the company you're interviewing for and how your personal brand aligns. It's a balance between being general enough that the employer can imagine you as part of the team but specific enough to differentiate yourself from every other candidate. Here are four ways to show the right amount of your personal brand in interviews.
1. Wear Your Personal Brand (Within Limits)
This is not a directive to wear whatever you feel like to an interview. Rather, it's a recommendation to think about how you want to present yourself and what message that will convey. If you're interviewing for a job in a conservative environment, there's likely little opportunity to show too much of your personal brand, but there may be subtle actions you can take, like the color of your shirt or the tie you choose to wear. Alternatively, if you're interviewing for a position that allows for more creativity , use the opportunity to choose your outfit wisely. A more colorful outfit will elicit a different response than a more subdued ensemble. Again, your choices must be done within the confines of your industry, but if given the chance, take the opportunity to show a little bit of who you are.
2. Let Your Personality Shine Through
Employers not only hire based on your skill set, they also hire because of cultural fit, often the latter more than the former. Use the interview to reveal some of who you are and, if appropriate, see if you have any common interests with the interviewer. Don't approach the situation as if you're sitting down for a weekly catch up with your best friend but do relax, engage in conversation and show some personality. People like working with others whose company they enjoy, so make sure you're one of them.
3. Give Authentic Examples
Look for opportunities in an interview to provide examples that show your competencies as well as your values. You may be someone who values being forthright and honest above all else. If so, how does that inform the way you work with others and approach problems that arise in your professional life? Give examples that support these values and indicate to the interviewer how you would respond in certain situations. Be strategic but genuine about what you share.
4. Tell Them!
Almost always, you will be asked the following question in an interview: " Tell me about yourself ." This is your chance to do just that. Think of it as a version of your elevator pitch but adapt it to the situation: who you are, what you do, how you do it and what sets you apart from everyone else who's doing something similar. To use myself as an example, I may respond with the following: "I'm Melissa Llarena, a career transition expert and coach who has worked in 16 different business units and understands the nuances of everything from switching industries and job functions, to starting your own business, to balancing work responsibilities with motherhood. My unique experiences provide clients with the insight and expertise to help them achieve their career goals."
You now have four tested methods for showcasing who you are in interviews. With all of these, the most important reminder is to be yourself. Employers can tell what rings true and what doesn't, so be genuine, embrace your brand and show the employer why you're the best person for the job.
Want to share your pitch with me? Set up a virtual power session . I can help you define and market  your professional brand in a way that's crisp, clear, and compelling!
Follow Melissa Llarena on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CareerOutcomes
More:

Break Down to Rise Up: Why Failure and Heartache Are Catalysts for Greatnessreddit
A few days ago, I was sitting in a café with one of my best friends. We're both owners of startups and consider ourselves to be solopreneurs (meaning entrepreneurs who work mostly on their own, without a team or staff members).
She, on the brink of tears, began telling me about the fact that she felt like a failure because her personal life wasn't where she wanted it to be and her startup seemed to experience an incessant stream of setbacks. The dream of being a high-flying millionaire nomad who could live in almost any country hadn't arrived and her life simply wasn't where she wanted it to be.
As I looked at her, I resonated with the feeling of pain and the yearning for change that she so desperately longed for. I too had been in her shoes. I'd known (and still know) what it's like to feel as if things have fallen apart and there's nothing that can pick you up.
For some strange reason, I looked at my friend, held out a hand and uttered words that were so defiant that I still think they must have come not from myself but from a higher power. As these words flew out of my mouth, I felt tingles race down my spine.
What did I say that was powerful? It was this:
"Honey, sometimes you have to completely break down to rise up."
My friend looked at me in a way that she hadn't before. The only thing she could say in response was, "Wow... Wait, say that again?"
"Sometimes you need to breakdown to rise up."
She realized then that this was her breakdown moment.
She needed to completely fall flat on her face in order to rethink, recoup and recharge.
You see, every single one of us has had a breakdown moment. Some of us have them once a year or once a month or even every day. The danger is that often, when we break down and feel as if things will never get better, we keep ourselves in that dark, sad state and struggle to come out of it. If we however, choose to accept that breakdowns are a normal part of our life journeys we'll be far more equipped to handle them and to deal with them when they happen.
Furthermore, it's imperative that we come to the realization that breakdowns are a catalyst for positivity.
They make us aware of what's not working in our lives, which in turn leads to us figuring out how to fix the not-so-great things and make them better. Essentially, breakdowns strengthen and empower us but it is up to us to realize their power and to use them as a tool for personal, spiritual and occupational growth.
I'm lucky that as an entrepreneur, I get to experience breakdowns all the time and although it's taken me four years to realize their potential, I'm now glad that I can use them as a mechanism for my own personal development.
So the next time you feel sad, unhappy or on the brink of having a big, medium or small breakdown, remind yourself that your mind, body and spirit and working collectively to open you up to change. Use your breakdowns wisely and don't be afraid to breakdown to rise up.
--
Victoria Olubi is an author, entrepreneur and educator from London. She is the founder of MyCurls.co.uk and TheTutoress.com. When she's not running multiple businesses, she enjoys writing, walking for hours on end and reading about personal development.
Follow Victoria on Twitter at www.twitter.com/mycurlsuk .
Follow Victoria Olubi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mycurlsuk
More:

Egg Freezing Benefit Sends Mixed Messagereddit
We're coming to the close on National Work and Family Month. And unfortunately, the biggest work-life news this month was about a new employee benefit: egg freezing .  Apple and Facebook are both offering to compensate their employees for the cost of saving their eggs for later fertility treatments.
The advocates will tell you it's not that different from adoption benefits.  It's a way of assisting employees with the cost of expanding their families.  In fact, Facebook even goes so far as to offer a surrogacy benefit.
And we've heard from young professional women who think it's a great idea.  But there are some concerning underlying messages here.
First, these companies may be sending not-so-subtle signals that employees should wait to have kids for the sake of their careers.
"Give us your all now," the company says.  "Kids can wait. If you have kids, you might put in fewer hours. You might quit, or heaven forbid, want a flexible schedule. So we're going to help you delay that as long as possible."
That in and of itself is problematic.  An egg freezing benefit is a signal that this is a workplace where long days are the norm.  Where unwavering dedication to the company is expected.  Where you have to pay your dues while you're young.
Reframing Fertility
The other message this sends is one of a more medical nature.  It's the same message we get when we read about celebrities having babies well into their 40s . We celebrate their miracles, but we spend little time talking about the medical interventions they may have used to make those babies happen.
The overarching message is that it's safe to wait. Meanwhile, the reality of fertility treatments goes unmentioned.  Can young women freezing their eggs now fully understand the potential struggle they're setting themselves up for? Can they grasp the challenges of drugs and wildly fluctuating hormones, constant doctor visits, monthly sperm collection, and the exhaustion that mounts with every failed attempt?
And despite fertility clinic claims that is now possible to "stop the clock" on your fertility, a successful pregnancy using frozen eggs is far from guaranteed .  And far from cheap.  Online estimates and price quotes still place a single IVF cycle around $10,000-$12,000, not including the cost of drugs.  And actually thawing those frozen eggs can cost another $5,000.
Are employers coaching employees about that when they're giving away the freezing for free?
Benefits & Programs Vs. Culture Change
The thing is, offering employee benefits is easy.  Changing your culture is hard. Instead of creating a workplace culture that embraces family life, these employers are offering an incentive to delay (and thereby possibly deny) parenthood.
Offer the benefit. But go further. Work on restructuring jobs to make workloads reasonable. Better to develop practices that support working parents--and anyone with interests outside of work--than a utilitarian "benefit" that could easily be misread as a make-or-break career imperative.
Follow Jaime Leick on Twitter: www.twitter.com/movingtype
More:

Top 5 Happy Landlord Tipsreddit
Landlords come from all walks of life, and they can be pros or reluctant landlords who couldn't sell their home.  Whether you're considering rental property investment, can't sell and need to rent out your home and move, or you're already a landlord, these five tips can help you sleep at night and keep a smile on your face on your way to the bank.
#1:  The Right Rent
Take the time to study your area's market rents and property types.  Compare apples to apples, not apartments to single family homes.  Call and ask about rents and features.  Check the rental ads for promotions like free rent.  A lot of this type of marketing may signal high vacancy rates.  Be objective about your property's features and location, and set a competitive rent rate.  Being just 5% over market rates may still get you a tenant, but if it causes too much turnover you'll lose that and more in lost rent between tenants.
#2:  Be Legal
We don't live in a simple world anymore, and landlord-tenant laws can be pretty complicated in many states.  Even if you must get some legal advice from a real estate attorney, be sure that you're using legal application and lease forms.  They should be legal, but there will be room to draft them to favor your interests and protect your investment.
Misunderstandings cause a great deal of landlord-tenant stress, and using clearly worded and comprehensive leases can go a long way toward eliminating problems.  When rent is due, what constitutes poor tenant behavior, and explaining the difference between "wear and tear" and damages are all important for a good relationship.  It's every bit as important for you to abide by the rules as it is for the tenant.  If you legally must give notice before entry into the unit, do it the right way and with the right timing.  When you don't follow the lease, tenants don't feel obligated to do so either.
#3:  Screen, Screen ... and Interview
Once that lease is signed, if you let the wrong tenant into your property it can be an expensive and painful process to get them out.  You want to check their credit history, rental history, job and landlord references, and even do a criminal background check in most cases.  Letting a previously convicted drug dealer into your property can create some major problems for you if they lapse into old habits.  There are services that pull together these background and reference tasks, and you can find them online with a search, or there may be local companies.
Think back to the previous tip and be legal.  Don't ask for information you aren't legally allowed to gather, or don't ask questions that cross the line when it comes to anti-discrimination laws.  This is another area where you may want some legal advice and a script for your interviews so you stay on the right side of the law.  That said, if your gut is telling you that there's something not quite right about a prospective tenant, especially in the interview, then you should reject them for any legal reason.
#4:  Maintain for Comfort and Safety
The best way to avoid late night "no heat" calls is to have regular maintenance performed on heating and cooling systems.  Maintain all of the equipment in your rental and you'll have a happier tenant and fewer emergency repair visits.  For safety, do regular checks of smoke and carbon monoxide detectors, even changing the batteries at your expense.  On a side note, this is a great way to get access every three to four months to inspect for damage or problems when you're doing a courtesy safety battery change.
#5:  Make it a Home
Be nice to your tenants.  Send them surveys or call them now and then to see if they're happy or experiencing even minor problems.  Be proactive and address their concerns.  Whenever you can add a feature or amenity at reasonable cost, do that.  When the end of their lease rolls around, you have two possible situations:
1. They give notice and move on to another rental, or
2. They make a rent concession necessary to keep them, or
3. They're happy, and want to stay, even if you must do a minor rent increase.
The first two cost you money in lost rent and possibly rehab between tenants.  The last one takes almost none of your time and keeps the cash flowing.
There are a lot of details involved in these five tips, but keeping them top-of-mind in all of your landlord activities will keep you in a better mood and add to your bank balance.
Follow Dean Graziosi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/deangraziosi
More:

Why the "F" Bomb Backfires as a Communication Toolreddit
It's rare these days for Hollywood to turn out a movie without obscenities. Ditto for publishers to push a novel to the public without the same language strewn from page to page. Even TED speakers sometimes pepper their 18 minutes with trash talk.
If you're talking about a real bomb, blowing up things can be good or bad. Demolition for the purpose of rebuilding on a site may be the fastest way to go. Exploding a bomb to destroy an enemy determined to annihilate you can be a good strategy.
But blowing up a talk by letting go the "F" bomb every few sentences destroys the speaker's credibility as a communicator. Here's why it backfires as a communication tool:
It grabs attention--but for the wrong thing: Those who use obscenities when they speak before an audience often say they do so to "shock" an audience and grab their attention. But the chatter online and in the hallway afterward suggest that the attention falls not on the idea presented at that moment, but on the use of the obscenity.  The audience misses the very idea the speaker had hoped to highlight.
It focuses attention on the speaker's limited vocabulary: Think back to elementary school when your teacher taught you not to keep repeating the same word over and over and over, but rather to add variety by choosing synonyms:  house, home, residence.  When a speaker cannot think of another way to express anger, dismay, disgust, or frustration and must continually resort to repeating, "What the F-," that speaker has an extremely limited vocabulary.
It's boring: After the shock value wears off, repeated use becomes boring.  Such repetitions become as irritating as other word fillers you often hear speakers use:  "Uh."  "Okay?"  Hmmm."  "Right?"  "You follow me?" "You know what I mean?"  "Been there, done that."
What's your take on this issue?
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Workplace Moneyball -- Your Best Players Aren t Who You Think They Should Bereddit
An old friend who has taught at leading journalism schools tells me the traditional way to write a story about an issue is to find a face.
So consider Michaela Jane, a forty-something single mother of two, who has worked as a frontline care provider at a major health system. She graduated high school, but life got in the way of college. She has been a model worker for the better part of the last decade, but she lacks the formal education needed to qualify for that promotion for which bosses have repeatedly told her she would be great.
Michaela is fictional but in many ways she is very real. There are millions of Michaelas -- diligent, proven workers in need of credentials or skills to qualify for that next step up the economic ladder. The numbers are staggering: Nearly 44 million working adults in our country have no college credentials, according to the US Census.
The reality is that this population, and the kind of education the Michaelas need, are largely ignored in all the hand-wringing about the rising cost of higher education and about whether our colleges are preparing students adequately for work.
And yet the irony is that Michaela represents an enormous untapped opportunity for our higher education system to both rethink what it does and to serve the 71 percent of employers who reported in a recent survey that they would prefer to develop and promote employees from within.
There are certainly programs and dedicated educators committed to helping this massive, underserved population, but they are in no way reaching the millions of workers in need of postsecondary credentials . What I am saying is it is time to bring the same level of focused attention to these adults as we do to our traditional coming-of-age students. The net result will be millions of better educated, more productive, and happier Michaelas -- meaning higher productivity and greater revenues for business.
There are plenty of examples of programs out there already to get the conversation started, including our own efforts at College for America. While I am a proud of what we have done here, my point is not to promote the school but rather to share our model. It is not just a reform of the old system but something completely new, designed specifically for the Michaelas of the country.
Our goal is nothing short of making college accessible and meaningful to busy working adults who are not being served by traditional programs. In less than two years, we have been developing competency-based, project-based education -- working with 75 companies and more than 1,000 of their employees.
This model is built on three key pillars:
1) Relevant education: Our curriculum is driven by the needs of industry rather than the expertise of faculty. For example, before developing our healthcare programs, we studied what industry said was needed and found 50 competencies present across a broad range of jobs. We designed our degrees with those skills in mind.
2) Cost realignment: In our model, we have partnered with employers who usually pick up the cost of tuition -- which is $2,500 a year. The return is happier, more engaged, and more highly skilled workers. This model scratches that nagging workforce development itch and makes employers an active partner rather than just a passive, unsatisfied recipient. For the workers, higher education becomes a perk rather than a cost, relieving a major obstacle to attaining the needed skills to move up in their careers.
3) Competency versus hours: Students move on in our program when they have mastered competencies rather than simply fulfilled class hours. Workers who already possess the skills often progress rapidly.
These are among a handful of new approaches that are used to actively pursue Michaelas, letting them (and their employers) know that they are valued and have untapped potential.
In the classic baseball book and movie Moneyball, Billy Beane (played by Brad Pitt) builds a winning baseball team by eschewing the high-glamor, high-priced players and instead studying player data to determine who together would make the best team. It was the baseball "grunts," seasoned players, and solid hitters with no home-run potential who got picked up. By focusing on data and the potential of what more these ignored-but-proven players could do, and giving them the tools and coaching they need to work together flawlessly, he creates a line-up that breaks the league's consecutive-game winning streak record.
If college graduates are the draft picks, the Michaelas (whatever their names are really) are the bench players -- the proven commodity. It's time to let them swing away so that their employers, and our economy, can win. But first, we need to put a bat -- or in this case, higher education--in their hands.
More:

Republicans Are Running for Congress on Their  Jobs Plan.  Slight Problem: It Won t Create Any Jobs.reddit
"It's a jobs-and-economy election." That's what House Speaker John Boehner's pollster and adviser David Winston said recently. Republicans, Winston argued, can't just be against everything President Obama is for, they have to offer "alternatives if people are going to give us the responsibility to govern." Let's ignore the fact that being just against Obama is so ingrained in the collective Republican mind that they'd oppose a cure for Ebola if the president was the one who discovered it. What exactly are the alternatives on jobs and the economy the GOP has put forth, and what effect would they actually have?
On the first question, it's a bit murky. Boehner has been going on about the 46 "jobs" bills that the Republican-dominated House has passed in recent years. He even has come up with his very own hashtag to promote them: #StuckInTheSenate. And only most of the positive responses and tweets are from Republican elected officials or party organs. Senate Republicans have a different list , consisting of only 10 (the New York Times article says nine, but there are 10 on this list posted July 29 to the website of the Senate Republican Policy Committee) from the 46 offered up by Mr. Boehner. Whatever the number of bills on the list, Republicans have a problem: The bills won't do very much to create jobs. And that's according to Republican economists.
Matthew J. Slaughter is on the economics faculty at Dartmouth College. George W. Bush had Professor Slaughter on his Council of Economics Advisers. What did he think? He thought the business tax cuts will "help" (Republicans have never met a business tax cut they didn't like, of course), and then added:
"But...it just struck me as sort of a compendium of modest expectations. If you ask me, 'What's your ballpark guess for how many jobs are going to be created?,' it's just not many."
Slaughter lamented the omission of a comprehensive immigration reform bill, a measure that, according to CBO estimates, would add 3.3 percent to our Gross Domestic Product over 10 years, and 5.4 percent over 20. The CBO also estimates that such a bill would reduce federal deficits by $197 billion in the first decade after enactment, and by another $700 billion in the second. That's a bill, according to Slaughter, "that should be on anybody's list."
Oh, and if one Republican isn't enough for you: Douglas Holtz-Eakin was John McCain's chief economic adviser during his run for the White House in 2008. He's now running a conservative economic think tank, and has slammed Obamacare a number of times, calling it "fiscal folly." Here's what Holtz-Eakin had to say about the various jobs-related plans Republicans have put forth this fall: "I don't think any of these are particular game changers." For good measure, the co-founder of the forecasting outfit Macroeconomic Advisers, Joel Prakken, also looked at the Republican plans, and commented : "I don't think you would get a rush of hiring from passing these bills."
What have Republicans actually done to affect job creation in this country? Nothing good, according to ThinkProgress. They blocked President Obama's American Jobs Act, a measure that would have added about 2 million jobs and 2 percent to economic growth in the first year after passage, according to Mark Zandi, former McCain campaign adviser . Multiple forecasters similarly predicted that the law would have created roughly 150,000 additional jobs per month in the first year. And we know that over the past four years, states that moved rightward in 2010 have significantly underperformed states that moved leftward in that year when it comes to job creation.
As for the country as a whole, we are creating jobs, no thanks to the Republicans. As Paul Krugman has been saying since August 2009, it was government policy--i.e., the Obama stimulus--that saved us from another Great Depression and which has significantly aided job creation since then. In fact, Obama's private sector job creation and unemployment numbers are better than Reagan's. And that was before last month's very strong jobs report .
This month, the level of job openings hit a peak higher than any since January 2001. Just this week the four-week moving average of first time unemployment claims reached a low not seen since the last days of the Clinton administration. As a percentage of the working population, first-time applications for unemployment are closing in on lows not seen in the last four decades. Is everything rosy? Of course not. But the Obama jobs record is certainly a strong one.
In addition to creating more and better jobs, one of the most important things we could do to help working people who are struggling to get by is raise the minimum wage. President Obama and the Democrats are on board. Republicans? From Michigan to Iowa to Wisconsin, well, not so much. And the Republican traveling around the country trying to elect as many of his good buddies as possible? Well, Chris Christie is really just "tired of hearing about the minimum wage ... I don't think there's a mother or father sitting around a kitchen table tonight in America who are saying, 'You know honey, if my son or daughter could just make a higher minimum wage, my God, all our dreams would be realized."
As for the people who may not achieve their fondest dreams but still, I don't know, want to be able to feed, clothe, and house their families, well, Christie apparently doesn't think there's anything to be done for them. But he's wrong. Additionally, raising the wage doesn't just help minimum wage workers, it helps the broader economy as well. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez replied that Governor Christie has "got his head in the sand if he's getting tired about the minimum wage...Chris Christie needs to talk to his economists, who will tell him that 70 percent of GDP growth is consumption."
Here's what it comes down to. The Republican jobs plans won't do anything of real substance. On wages, their rejection of even the concept of a minimum wage shows that Republicans don't care if employers engage in a race to the bottom. Five bucks an hour isn't good enough for you? They'll just find someone else. I thought we'd settled that question during the Great Depression. Sounds like Republicans are channeling the ghost of Herbert Hoover again. I'll take Barack Obama over that crowd in a heartbeat.
Follow Ian Reifowitz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ianreifowitz
More:

Infrastructure Investment: Part of Africa s Solutionreddit
Tremendous efforts are under way to upgrade sub-Saharan Africa's infrastructure. But the needs on the ground are still immense as evidenced by the frequent electricity blackouts, poor roads, and insufficient access to clean water in many countries.
Infrastructure is one of the key challenges facing policymakers in the region -- I experienced it first hand when I was finance minister of Liberia before coming to the IMF. The benefits are fairly clear: with improved infrastructure, new growth opportunities in the manufacturing and services sector can be generated, barriers to intraregional trade can be reduced, and economies will be better positioned to transition from low to higher productivity activities. Without improved infrastructure, I fear the increase in productivity and greater economic diversification necessary to sustain Africa's current growth momentum will not materialize.
In this spirit, in the latest Regional Economic Outlook: Sub-Saharan Africa economists from the IMF's African Department looked at progress so far in addressing the infrastructure deficit and discussed policies needed going forward.
Prepare tomorrow's growth
Their findings are heartening.
First, many countries have managed to maintain, or even increase, their public investment in infrastructure over the last decade.
The lion's share of infrastructure projects are still financed domestically, either from increased tax revenues or local investors buying domestic public debt. African banks are also increasingly stepping in to finance infrastructure projects.
Things also have been changing for the better on the external financing front. Foreign investors, recognizing the attractiveness of the region as an investment destination, have been increasingly drawn to sub-Saharan Africa. New partners have emerged, most notably China.
And with new financing instruments, institutional investors--including pension funds both from inside and outside the continent--could soon be more willing to finance relatively risky, but high-return, projects in the region.
More to be done
That said, much remains to be done. My colleagues' work underscores the extent to which higher investment has not always translated into better outcomes for the population.
Yes, sub-Saharan Africa has experienced a revolution in access to telecommunications, and mobile phone subscriptions have exploded. Market liberalization and emergence of competition in the sector no doubt have been big drivers of that success.
But, unfortunately, progress has been far more limited elsewhere. The region still lags far behind other developing regions in the world when it comes to supplying electricity and water, as well as to road and railway development.
Way forward
We see three things that need to be done to engender better outcomes going forward.
First, it is not always obvious that lack of financing is the main constraint to better infrastructure outcomes. Instead, in many countries, what needs to be improved, within the existing resource envelope, is the capacity of the public administration to identify, implement and monitor often complex projects.
Bear in mind, this is a hard task for any government. But scaling up the infrastructure effort should go hand in hand with "investing in investment" -- that is, developing a clear vision for the whole sector, and planning spending beyond the current budget. One key element of this process would be to have a central agency that prioritizes the projects proposed by the various ministries and conducts cost-benefit analyses.
Involving the private sector
Second, with available public resources always likely to be limited, it will be essential to look beyond purely public investment and involve the private sector whenever possible. True, as has been the case until now, the public sector will remain a critical provider of infrastructure investment. But with public debt sustainability also on policymakers' minds, the risk is that some valuable projects may be postponed or even abandoned -- to the detriment of future growth.
Hence, private companies should be encouraged to get involved as appropriate. The recent telecommunications revolution on the continent should act as a reminder that private companies can invest in infrastructure on their own if the business is sufficiently appealing and the business environment conducive to investment. This model could work in some cases for railway construction or electricity generation.
There is also a middle range where public and private sectors can work together, with the former bringing in some form of insurance, and the latter its expertise executing projects and tapping innovation. Public-private partnerships are such examples, where private companies are typically contracted to build and operate projects before transferring them back to the public sector after an agreed period. Appropriately designed user fees allow companies to recoup their investments, while minimizing recourse to taxpayer money. However, experience had taught us that in such contracts, the role, responsibilities, and potential financial liabilities of the public and private partners need to be clearly defined.
Public enterprises' environment
Third and finally, companies already active in sectors such as electricity generation and water provision need to operate on a sound footing. In many cases, these are state-owned utility companies operating as monopolies, either lacking proper funding to invest or unable to generate adequate revenue because government agencies set prices at too low a level. Hence, going hand in hand with the steps I highlighted earlier, it will be critical to strengthen the performance of these companies and improve the regulatory environment. This will allow public enterprises to deliver better services, and may even catalyze interest from private investors to support their investment efforts.
The formidable growth momentum of recent years in the region is still on -- our latest forecasts do show that sub-Saharan Africa will continue to be the second fastest-growing region in the world, just behind emerging and developing Asia. But this momentum needs to be nurtured to ensure sustained and durable growth. Infrastructure investment is part of the solution, but it needs to be well implemented. It is an opportunity not to be missed, and I strongly believe it can be done.

Why gasoline is suddenly $3 a gallonBy Steven Mufson October 28 Follow @StevenMufson
The national average for a gallon of regular gasoline has dropped to around $3. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Two years ago Leonardo Maugeri, a former strategist for the big Italian oil company ENI, predicted that crude oil prices were heading for a fall in two to three years. It wasn’t an obvious forecast; the average price of OPEC crude oil that year set an all-time record.
“Contrary to what most people believe, oil supply capacity is growing worldwide at such an unprecedented level that it might outpace consumption,” he wrote in an exhaustive field-by-field study in 2012. “This could lead to a glut of overproduction and a steep dip in oil prices.”
Today, with oil prices hovering around $80 a barrel, Maugeri is feeling good about his prediction. “The Oil Surprise; Why I Was Right,” he wrote in a recent newsletter in his current role as an associate with the geopolitics of energy project at the Harvard Kennedy School's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs. He said in a separate e-mail that prices could fall to $75 a barrel -- or even lower if the markets go into a panic.
The crux of Maugeri’s analysis was this: Oil companies were in the middle of “an investment super-cycle” in exploration and production and that by the second half of 2014 or early 2015, new sources of oil would swamp the market and drive prices down.
“In 2012 I was almost alone in forecasting such a gloomy (or rosy, depending on the point of view) scenario for oil,” Maugeri wrote in his newsletter.
Oil companies have indeed invested at a scorching pace, spending $2.5 trillion in the past four years to search for new supplies and bring them online. That level of spending set “an absolute historical record, even when taking into account the specific inflationary pressure which more than doubled upstream costs in the course of a decade,” Maugeri wrote.
Because big oil projects take years to develop, many of the projects launched in recent years have yet to add new supplies. And while old fields may be in decline, Maugeri – who studied world supplies on a field by field basis – says that the current 95 million barrel a day rate of production could easily rise to 100 million barrels a day.
That level is “already locked in,” he wrote in a separate e-mail to the Post. Including biofuels and natural gas liquids, global production capacity is already more than 100 million barrels a day.
Maugeri isn’t the only person to have forecast a decline in oil prices. It’s a common saying in the cyclical oil business that “the best cure for high oil prices is high oil prices.”  Edward Morse, head of global commodities research at Citigroup, has long argued that rising production, especially in the United States, would -- eventually -- send prices tumbling.
Robert McNally, president of the Rapidan Group, a consulting firm, said, “A price drop has many fathers!" He said he agrees that supplies will be “resilient,” but he added that he believes this price drop has also been driven by weak economic growth, the return of Libyan production and the reluctance of Saudi Arabia to play its traditional role of swing producer in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. A year ago, McNally and his firm anticipated that the kingdom would not cut its output to prop up prices and instead would let oil prices drop enough to make new U.S. shale oil production unattractive economically.
Maugeri isn’t as focused on the politics as he is on global production capacity. He said that many people have underestimated global supply because they expected improved recovery techniques would delay or moderate the natural rate of production decline in old fields. It was a mistake “to view decline rates of existing fields as deterministic and inflexible functions,” he wrote in his newsletter.
Another reason for underestimating supplies, he said, was that some people underestimated the potential for higher levels of shale oil output.
Maugeri also said that the recent drop in prices would not stimulate demand enough to offset higher production levels. He said he expected no more than a 1 million barrel-a-day rebound.
Maugeri’s observation suggests that the recent 20 percent plus drop in crude oil prices isn’t just a passing dip in prices. Even a cut in output by OPEC  might simply delay further price declines. For now, Saudi Arabia, the traditional swing oil producer, has decided to maintain its output level even if prices drop in an effort to hang onto market share and upset the investment plans of rival oil producers and renewable energy companies.
Maugeri expects “there will be growing strains within OPEC,” he said in his e-mail.
“For now, Saudi Arabia is the only country that has voluntarily avoided [producing] at full capacity,” he added. “If oil prices continue to slip down, the kingdom will ask the other members to share the burden, but the others will likely try to resist such pressure, and SA may react by not cutting anything more than it's doing.”
He added that “the problem could become even more acute” if there is new output from any of the OPEC members – such as Nigeria, Libya, Iraq or Iran -- that are producing less than capacity because of war, strife or sanctions.
Steven Mufson covers the White House. Since joining The Post, he has covered economics, China, foreign policy and energy.

Shifting policies  uncertain rules: Ebola  New York and New JerseyBy Mark Berman October 28 Follow @markberman
Kaci Hickox, during her quarantine, met with an attorney while in her isolation tent in Newark. (Courtesy of Steven Hyman via AP)
On Friday, the governors of New York and New Jersey announced mandatory quarantines in both states for medical workers and others returning to the United States from the Ebola-ravaged countries in West Africa. They were acting swiftly, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) said, because they had to do so. “We simply were not satisfied” with the federal guidelines, Christie said. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) echoed this, saying that there was a “need to go further” than the existing rules. They were acting because action was needed, they said.
The mandatory quarantines were not particularly well-received . So within days, the governors  acted swiftly in walking back some of their rules and actions , responding to broad criticism from a range of aid groups and medical experts by changing things while denying that they had changed much of anything.
This confusion in New York and New Jersey speaks to a problem that crops up when facing immediate dangers from long-term problems. There is a need for elected leaders to act, to show forceful and decisive leadership, because failure to act leaves one open to consequences both real (what if additional cases occurred and they did nothing to stop it?) and less consequential (what if they are viewed as being too slow to act? Won’t someone think of the optics?). Taking a bold stance against the spread of Ebola in the United States is a more immediate concern for governors looking to keep their states safe and appear active in doing so; what these actions would mean for the ongoing fight against Ebola becomes less important in this scenario.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) explains his decision to quarantine nurse Kaci Hickox in a New Jersey hospital after she had contact with Ebola patients in West Africa. Christie made his comments before Hickox was discharged after testing negative for Ebola on Saturday and being symptom-free for 24 hours. (Youtube/ GovChristie)
Part of the reason for action, of course, is because people are worried, and when people are worried about something they want to know that someone, somewhere, is doing something about it. In this case, people are concerned about Ebola, with about four in 10 Americans worried about getting the virus or someone in their family getting it, according to a recent  Pew  survey. Leaders have to act so that the worried public knows someone is in charge.
Of course, there are concerns. The chief issue raised by various groups was that mandatory quarantines would hinder the response to Ebola in West Africa, causing people who would otherwise go to think twice. The prime reason for these concerns, and the loudest argument being made against mandatory quarantines, is based on simple math: More people fighting Ebola in West Africa means better odds that the outbreak is stemmed. If the outbreak is not stemmed, they say, it becomes more likely that other cases are diagnosed here and in other parts of the world.
“Any regulation not based on scientific medical grounds, which would isolate healthy aid workers, will very likely serve as a disincentive to others to combat the epidemic at its source, in West Africa,” Sophie Delaunay, executive director of Doctors Without Borders in the United States, said in a statement. Mandatory quarantines “may do more harm than good by creating additional barriers to effective treatment of patients with Ebola and impede global efforts to contain and ultimately prevent further spread of the disease,” the American College of Physicians said in a statement. These quarantines would “lead to increased difficulty in assembling care teams in West Africa and the U.S.,” the Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology said. An editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine said that these quarantines are “unfair and unwise, and will impede essential efforts to stop these awful outbreaks” in West Africa. On and on it went.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend that “high-risk” individuals and health care workers who don’t have symptoms of Ebola be directly monitored by state and local health authorities. (AP)
Much of the initial debate centered on New Jersey, where such a quarantine was seen in practice rather than debate. Kaci Hickox, a nurse who had flown to Newark after treating patients in Sierra Leone, was placed into isolation Friday  despite not having any symptoms . She tested negative the following day for Ebola, but was quarantined and placed in a tent . Hickox was ultimately released Monday after being symptom free for 24 hours, the N.J. Health Department said in a statement , though it is unclear why this time frame was cited.
Hickox was not particularly pleased with the quarantine. “This is an extreme that is really unacceptable, and I feel like my basic human rights have been violated,”she told CNN . After Christie told reporters that Hickox was “obviously ill,” she told CNN: “First of all, I don’t think he’s a doctor.” (As my colleague Nia-Malika Henderson put it: Kaci Hickox 1, Chris Christie 0 .)
Cuomo had revised his state’s policy on Sunday , saying that health-care workers who had no symptoms but had been exposed to Ebola patients could return to their homes, where they would have to remain. A day later, New Jersey opted to release Hickox and let her travel to Maine. Though Christie had said Friday that Hickox would be quarantined “in New Jersey or New York,” and said that they had the legal authority to do that, he still insisted Monday that he had not changed his policy. “I didn’t reverse my decision,” he told reporters in Florida during a campaign event for Gov. Rick Scott. “Why are you saying I reversed my decision? If she was continuing to be ill, she’d have to stay.”
By Monday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had released its own revised standards , which called for direct monitoring of “high-risk” individuals but not quarantines. Christie, speaking to the Today Show on Tuesday, continued arguing in favor of the New Jersey policy, claiming that the CDC was slowly “moving towards our position.” He also criticized the CDC for its response and added: “This is because they don’t want to admit that we’re right and they were wrong. I’m sorry about that.”
The end result, though, is that there are still different guidelines governing different states and people around the country. The CDC has its guidelines, New York and New Jersey have settled on some form of quarantines that are stricter than these rulings, and states from Illinois to Virginia  have their own rules. In effect, a person flying back to the United States from West Africa could encounter very different rules depending on what airport they choose. It is unclear if this will be sorted out, as the push and pull between politics and science  persists here while an outbreak rages in West Africa. Additional cases are likely coming to the United States, and with them fears, a desire for swift action and the possibility of yet another new policy somewhere.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Govt asks DGCA to probe into low airfares schemeAviation Minister asks DGCA to probe into cheap airfares scheme
Sanjay Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 08:48 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju has asked director general of civil aviation Prabhat Kumar to investigate whether airlines have been misleading flyers by offering discounted fares.
A top ministry official told MAIL TODAY that carriers would soon have to submit to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) data on discounted tickets offered in the past one year.
Raju has taken note of a complaint by Chennai-based Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) to DGCA alleging that discounted fare schemes were a gimmick as tickets were not available at the mentioned price.
APAI had alleged that these offers were merely a marketing stunt by airlines aimed at free publicity. APAI founder and national president D. Sudhakara Reddy wrote to Kumar that many of the discounted tickets are either sold out when a flyer tries to book a seat or the special offers do not exist.
The association has urged DGCA to ban such schemes. Reddy told MAIL TODAY, "We had received lot of complaints by passengers saying that whenever they have tried to book seats, discounted tickets are either sold out or not available. To check and be doubly sure, we had deputed our staffers to try and book the tickets but they failed as well." Reddy added, "I recently logged on to the Spice-Jet website to book a seat on the Chennai-Kochi November 7 flight being offered at Rs 899. But the website showed that it had already been sold out; I ended up buying a ticket for Rs 3,000. Strangely, our website has been hacked now. You can very well understand that who must have done it."
Since the beginning of this year, carriers have been aggressively announcing discounted fares. SpiceJet has taken the lead forcing other carriers such as Indigo, Jet Airways and even Air India to make similar announcements.

CBI seeks summoning of 2 govt officers in coal caseCBI seeks summoning of two government officers in coal case
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 09:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) approached a special court seeking summoning of two senior public servants on alleged corruption charges in a coal block allocation case on Tuesday.
The agency moved a plea before special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar, who had on October 13 summoned the two officers along with former coal secretary HC Gupta and promoters of Madhya Pradesh-based Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Limited (KSSPL) after refusing to accept CBI's closure report.
According to news agency PTI, senior public prosecutor VK Sharma moved a plea before the court saying that the coal ministry's then-joint secretary KS Kropha, then-director (Coal Allocation-I section) KC Samaria were already summoned as accused for offences under Sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant) and 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.
CBI requires the court's directive to get approval from the sanctioning authority to prosecute the two officers. Sharma said that the two accused should also be summoned for offences punishable under the Prevention of Corruption Act and the court has the power to give direction to place the matter before sanctioning authority to consider the issue of grant of sanction to prosecute them.
The court reserved its order for October 30. "During the course of arguments, it has been submitted that this court has the power to direct further investigation to CBI under Section 173(8) of the CrPC and to direct that the matter be placed before the sanctioning authority to consider the question of grant of sanction or not to prosecute the public servants involved in view of the detailed order dated October 13, 2014, passed by this court," it said.
The court, in its October 13 order had noted that no cognisance of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act could be taken against Kropha and Samaria for want of sanction as they are still in government service. The case pertains to alleged misrepresenting of facts by KSSPL to acquire Thesgora-B/Rudrapuri coal block in Madhya Pradesh.

44 out of 122: Vidarbha puts BJP on fine lineAfter Devendra Fadnavis’s elevation, celebrations outside his home in Nagpur.( Source: Express photo by: Sudarshan Sakharkar)
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:46 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:42 am
The BJP owes much of its march into the Maharashtra assembly to Vidarbha’s voters, who gave the party 44 of its 122 seats — the region has 62. And it has now designated a chief minister whom few can match in the demand for the region’s statehood.
Devendra Fadnavis, known for his cool and winner of a best parliamentarian award, once lost his temper in the assembly over the emotive issue, telling MLAs from western Maharashtra, “Chalte va!”, effectively giving them marching orders. Over the years, the state BJP chief has conducted end-to-end yatras across Vidarbha and been part of an all-party forum launched in 2010.
The party’s victory and Fadnavis’s appointment having come in the wake of a renewed debate on statehood, and when the BJP remains the only major party to unequivocally support the movement, two questions follow naturally. Why couldn’t the BJP do as well earlier as it has done now? And what course will its government, once installed, take on Vidarbha?
It is now 25 years since the BJP formally resolved at its national convention in Bhubaneswar to create a Vidarbha state. Considering it has swept the region only now, it might suggest that the electoral success should not be seen so much as a referendum in favour of statehood as an effect of Narendra Modi’s popularity. There is, however, also an argument that it is indeed due to the statehood sentiment. The performance has been strengthened by the Modi effect, but that too has a statehood connection.
Historically, the statehood sentiment has remained largely unseen because there weren’t as many public protests and as much participation as in, say, Telangana. Many pro-Vidarbha leaders gave the impression that they were taking up the cause only to further their political ambitions rather than being serious about statehood.
The debate was revived strongly with the BJP having come to power at the Centre. Just ahead of the Lok Sabha polls, Nitin Gadkari explicitly promised to carve out Vidarbha state. This charged up pro-Vidarbha non-political fronts. Besides their usual seminars, protests, debates, padyatras and rallies, they moved on to holding “referendums” in various cities and declared that over 90 per cent had voted in favour of a separate state. For the first time, the campaign by non-political organisations was a sustained one, especially with use of new media.
Ahead of the assembly elections, many of these organisations released appeals to elect pro-Vidarbha parties’ nominees. The Shiv Sena, traditionally against dividing the state, called the BJP “a party out to balkanise Maharashtra”. Now with the BJP in power both at the Centre and in the state, the hopes of statehood supporters are higher than ever.
It is possible, however, that the new government will feel the need to keep them waiting. Fadnavis and his party may continued…

Max Weinberg  Conan OBrien have a glorious reunion on ConanBy Emily Yahr October 28 Follow @emilyyahr
Max Weinberg and Conan. (screengrab via TBS)
It was a glorious reunion on Tuesday night when Conan O’Brien temporarily welcomed his former drummer Max Weinberg back to the late-night stage on “Conan.” The last time the pair was on TV together was 2010, when O’Brien’s short and tumultuous time as host of “The Tonight Show” came to an end.
Weinberg, the leader of O’Brien’s house band from “Late Night’s” start on NBC in 1993, declined to join the new show on TBS. After moving with “The Tonight Show” to Los Angeles, Weinberg said he wanted to move back to the East Coast to live full-time with his family. He later went back on the road with Bruce Springsteen’s E Street Band, where he started his career and continued on the side while he was working in late-night.
Anyway, Weinberg made his triumphant return to TV because O’Brien’s new drummer, James Wormworth, fell into a mine in a pre-taped bit. (Just go with it.) Declaring Wormworth dead, O’Brien announced they would need a new drummer.
“I can play the drums,” Weinberg suddenly piped up from the audience, as the camera showed him sitting in a seat holding up two drumsticks.
“LOOK! IT’S MAX WEINBERG!” O’Brien roared. Weinberg, always a delightful sidekick who played well off O’Brien’s weirdness, ran down and the two embraced in a giant hug and Weinberg took his rightful place with the band.

Dr Reddy s launches generic Rapamune tablets in USDr Reddy's launches generic version of Rapamune tablets in US
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 09:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Dr Reddy's Laboratories on Monday said it has launched a generic version of Wyeth's Rapamune tablets, an immunosuppressant, in the US market.
The company has launched Sirolimus tablets, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of Rapamune tablets in the US market following the approval of US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA), Dr Reddy's Laboratories said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
According to IMS Health sales data, the Rapamune brand had sales of $206 million in the US market for 12 months ended August 2014, it added.
The Hyderabad-based firm's Sirolimus tablets in 1 and 2 mg strengths are available in bottle counts of 100, the company said.

BSE Sensex surges 150 pts in early trade to regain 27 000-markPrint
BSE Sensex crossed the 27000 market, up over 140 points in early morning trade. (Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 10:17 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 4:48 pm
The benchmark Sensex today surged 217 points to end at five-week high of 27,098.17 powered by gains in interest rate sensitive stocks, tracking rally in global markets ahead of the outcome of US Federal Reserve’s policy meeting.
Besides, hopes of further economic reforms by Modi government, rising rate cut expectations and fall in international oil price too buoyed sentiments, said brokers.
Rising for the straight second straight day, the BSE Sensex reclaimed the key 27,000-mark for the first time since September 22.
It touched the day’s high of 27,107.93 before settling the day with a gain of 217.35 points, or 0.81 per cent, at 27,098.17 points. The gauge had gained 127.92 points in the previous session.
The 50-share NSE Nifty ended 62.85 points, or 0.78 per cent, higher at 8,090.45 after moving between 8,097.95 and 8,052.25 intra-day.
“Expectations from FOMC meet, resultant nervousness and profit booking kept the market range-bound today. We expect US Fed to wrap up its bond buying program but it would continue to maintain low interest rates for long term,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
In addition, covering-up of short positions by speculators ahead of tomorrow’s monthly expiry in the Indian derivatives segment played a part in trading.
Stocks of commercial vehicle makers were in good demand. Tata Motors shares climbed 3.41 per cent and M&M gained 1.77 per cent among others. Other Sensex components which supported the key indices included Hindalco, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, RIL and Infosys.
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories reported 16.82 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 574.1 crore for the second quarter. It shares fell over one per cent. Dr Reddy’s peer, Sun Pharma also saw its counter slip over 1 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices inching higher.
Sectorwise, BSE Realty index gained the most by rising 2.97 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.63 pc), Auto index (1.79 pc), IT index (1.47 pc), FMCG index (1.23 pc) and Oil & gas index (1.19 pc).

It ll be great: Nawazuddin Siddiqui on working with Salman Khan in  Bajrangi BhaijaanNawazuddin Siddiqui posted on Facebook: It will be great to work with Salman Khan in Kabir Khan's 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan'.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:43 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 9:44 am
Award winning actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui is upbeat about once again sharing screen space with Salman Khan after ‘Kick’.
“It will be great to work with Salman Khan in Kabir Khan’s ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’…releasing on Eid 2015,” Nawazuddin posted on his Facebook page Tuesday.
Nawazuddin and Salman belong to different genres of Hindi cinema, but together, they gave the audiences an entertaining ‘kick’ with their last movie together, ‘Kick’.

WHO: 5 000 Ebola Health Care Workers Needed In West Africa5,000 Ebola Health Care Workers Needed In West Africa: WHO
 | By                                                                By RODNEY MUHUMUZA
Updated:
10/28/2014  3:59 pm EDT
Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (Tika) members deliver medical treatment and raise awareness of Ebola outbreak in Medina Charif village of Kolda, southern Senegal on October 24, 2014. (Cemil Oksuz/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) | Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
reddit
KAMPALA, Uganda (AP) — Authorities are having trouble figuring out how many more people are getting Ebola in Liberia and Sierra Leone and where the hot spots are in those countries, harming efforts to get control of the raging, deadly outbreak, the U.N.'s top Ebola official in West Africa said Tuesday.
"The challenge is good information, because information helps tell us where the disease is, how it's spreading and where we need to target our resources," Anthony Banbury told The Associated Press by phone from the Ghanaian capital of Accra, where the U.N. Mission for Ebola Emergency Response, or UNMEER, is based.
Health experts say the key to stopping Ebola is breaking the chain of transmission by tracing and isolating those who have had contact with Ebola patients or victims. Health care workers can't do that if they don't know where new cases are emerging.
"And unfortunately, we don't have good data from a lot of areas. We don't know exactly what is happening," said Banbury, the chief of UNMEER.
Banbury, who visited the three most affected countries last week, said it was "heartbreaking" to see families torn apart by Ebola as they struggle to care for sick loves ones while also hoping to avoid infection. He said he is hoping for a new approach in Liberia as the U.N. and its partners work to improve the capacity of communities to safely bury victims.
Over the past week, Banbury met with the presidents of Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, where the vast majority of the more than 10,000 Ebola cases have occurred, the U.N. said.
Meanwhile, the president of the World Bank, Jim Yong Kim, said the three countries need at least 5,000 more health workers to effectively fight the epidemic.
Kim said Tuesday that he is worried about where those health workers can be found given the widespread fear of Ebola. Quarantining health workers returning to their home countries — as some U.S. states are doing — could also hurt recruitment efforts. The World Bank president spoke alongside U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and African Union Chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where the AU is headquartered.
As more countries close their borders with or severely restrict travel from the affected countries, Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf pleaded Tuesday with the world to not turn its back on those suffering.
"We'd just like the international community to continue to see this as a global threat, that stigmatization, exclusion, restriction is not the appropriate response to this," she said.
She spoke alongside Samantha Power, the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. who is also touring the worst-hit countries this week. Power reiterated that the best way to keep Americans safe is to help the West African countries fight the disease.
"We're not just looking to bend the curve, we're looking to end the curve," she added.
Although Western governments and aid groups have stepped up Ebola aid in recent months, the U.N. says more support is needed. The U.N.'s target is to quickly isolate 70 percent of Ebola cases and to achieve a similar percentage for safe Ebola burials.
"They are extremely ambitious (goals), given the geographical spread of the disease, the numbers of people infected, the very poor information on exactly where those infected are and what the transmission patterns are," Banbury said. "The three things we need the most are people, supplies and money. The most critical right now are people, health workers in particular, trained health care workers . but also people who can manage these Ebola treatment facilities."
Dlamini-Zuma said African Union states have pledged to send more than 2,000 health care workers to West Africa. She did not say when the workers would arrive.
France will release an extra 20 million euros ($25 million) to support French efforts to stem the spread of Ebola in Guinea, the French presidency said Tuesday, bringing to 90 million euros the amount France has given to the crisis so far.
___
Associated Press reporters Jonathan Paye-Layleh in Monrovia, Liberia, Elias Meseret in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and Sylvie Corbet in Paris contributed to this report.
Earlier on HuffPost:

Washington Staffer Denies ESPN Reporter:  No Means No!reddit
Tony Wyllie, Washington's Senior Vice President of Communications , was a tad overprotective of quarterback Colt McCoy after an upset win over the Dallas Cowboys on "Monday Night Football."
As McCcoy jogged off the field after the win, an ESPN Deportes reporter tried to get an interview with him. But Wyllie wouldn't allow it. He bullied his way in between McCoy and the reporter and yelled "No means no!"
More:

The World s Largest Artist Colony Is Refusing To Disappearreddit
Josh Bergeron went to Kathputli Colony expecting to find a ghost town -- instead he saw crowds of people massed together like brightly colored birds.
Kathputli residents perform a puja, or religious ceremony, despite a government mandate to evacuate. Photo by Josh Bergeron.
The warren of grimy streets in the heart of Delhi, India, is said to be the largest artists' colony in the world , housing families of street performers for decades. Bergeron, a photographer, figured he was unlikely to find the colony at its prime when he visited this October. The site (which sits on potentially valuable central land) has been earmarked by the Delhi Development Authority for bulldozing to make way for a high rise. Its 3,000 plus families were to have vacated as early as this past February .
A young boy mimics a monkey. Street art is the family business in Kathputli, and children learn all forms from their parents -- from magic tricks to acrobatics. Photo by Josh Bergeron.
Government officials insist the plan is a clean swap: the new building will eventually house the displaced families, and until then, Kathputli residents are to live in a temporary facility. But critics within and outside the colony doubt the government's willingness to see such an outcome through, especially given the prime location of the colony. The risk of stamping out a vibrant folk culture to hike up property values has drawn an outcry locally and globally (see: "Tomorrow We Disappear ," a recent documentary on the history of the colony).
According to Bergeron, Kathputli-ites have found the simplest form of protest: they're refusing to leave. Upon arriving, he was surprised to see the colony buzzing with activity despite all the reports of bulldozers rumbling toward its entrance.
"I kept asking, 'Why aren't you moving?'" he told HuffPost.
Respondents cited inadequate contracts, according to Bergeron. Though "they signed two-year contracts to go to Anand Parbat" -- the temporary housing facility -- the promise of entry into the high-rise afterwards has only been verbal, he says.
Even if they are let back in, many longtime residents have aired fears to reporters that the high rise flats will be too cramped for their needs, as they often live in families of more than a dozen members, and make their livelihood off puppets that are more than 10 feet high and require ample storage space. Anand Parbat, meanwhile, has been criticized in local media as shoddy, and prone to wind damage.
Curious, Bergeron dropped into Anand Parbat as well. He found only three people living in what looks like "an abandoned Motel 6," he says. "It was kind of weird looking -- really sterile and clean. All these single story rooms, just empty."
Still, even Kathputli loyalists don't expect to hold their ground forever. They assume they'll eventually be driven out, according to Bergeron, who summed up the reasoning he heard with three points: "Delhi is so corrupt; we're not in power; our fate is eventually going to be sealed."
Earlier on HuffPost:

Hero MotoCorp shares gain on RBI s FII investment approvalHero MotoCorp shares gain over 1 per cent on RBI's approval of FII investments
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 12:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Hero MotoCorp shares climbed up by over 1 per cent after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowed FII investment of up to 49 per cent.
Shares of the company were trading 1.28 per cent up at Rs 3073.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange as of 11:43 am.
Traders said a boost in sales due to festive demand also helped the scrip.
(Reuters)

E-tailers going overboard on TV advertisingStory
Jostling for Eyeballs
Ajita Shashidhar and Arpita Mukherjee      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Edition: Nov 9, 2014
E-tailers going overboard on TV advertising
During the recent Navaratri festivities, a character in a popular fiction show on Star Plus, Yeh Hai Mohabbatein, was shown shopping online for gifts for her family. She buys a piece of jewellery for her daughter from Amazon, the online retailer. She goes on to educate her daughter about the various facets of online shopping - ease of shopping, cash on delivery and so on. All this was woven into the script of the show.
Similarly, the contestants of reality show Bigg Boss, on Viacom 18's general entertainment channel Colors, were seen buying household items such as refrigerators, microwaves and mattresses on Snapdeal.com's Diwali Bumper Sale.
Indeed, as these examples illustrate, e-tailers such as Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal, are spending a fortune on television advertising. This is a throwback to 1999-2000 when dotcoms had raised a lot of money from venture capitalists and were spending heavily on advertising.
The advertising splurge this year is also because it is now a three-way fight to be the dominant e-tailer in the country, and all three - Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon India - have deep-pocketed backers who are going all out to win this battle. Broadcasters claim that e-tailers have been one of the largest contributors to their advertising revenue this year. "From just four per cent (of total advertising spends on TV) last year, advertising spends of e-tailers has gone up to 12 per cent this year, making them the third-largest spenders on television," says Rohit Gupta, President, Multi Screen Media (MSM), which runs the Sony channels. The largest contributors continue to be fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies with spends in the region of 35 to 40 per cent of the total advertising pie. Telecom and consumer durable companies contribute around 18 to 20 per cent each.
A 10-second spot on Sony's game show Kaun Banega Crorepati costs around Rs 6 lakh and Snapdeal has gone in for an in-show integration. It has a Snapdeal-branded question on the show for which it would have to pay a premium of anywhere between 25 to 30 per cent. "E-tailers are increasingly opting for in-show brand integrations. In Bigg Boss for instance, we even had the Snapdeal delivery boys coming into the Bigg Boss house and delivering the merchandise," says Simran Hoon, National Sales Head, Colors.
Snapdeal's marketing spends have shot up in sync with the multi-fold growth of the business. These kind of integrations convey the message that shopping on Snapdeal's online marketplace is convenient with a wide variety of products available, says Sandeep Komaravelly, Senior Vice President, (Marketing), Snapdeal.
T. Gangadhar, Managing Director of GroupM's media agency MEC, says that e-tailers spend on above the line advertising is justified, especially at a time when they are looking at smaller markets. "The next wave of growth will come from smaller towns and television and print platforms are the best way to reach out to these consumers," he points out.
A typical brick-and-mortar retailer , such as Big Bazaar or Reliance Trends, advertises aggressively only during festivals. However, analysts believe that e-tailers, like the FMCG companies, will continue to advertise round the year. "Advertising becomes crucial for an e-tailer as that's the only way it can make its consumers aware of its products. They are not brick and mortar stores where one can walk in and touch and feel the products," points out Jagat Dave, Managing Director at Ambit Corporate Finance, an investment bank.
Not all e-tailers are going overboard on advertising. eBay, which has been around for nine years in India, doesn't feel the need to splurge on television. "There was an era where people needed to be educated about online shopping. But I think we've passed that phase and now it's more about how you convert people who are already online and make them online users," says eBay India's marketing head, Shivani Dhanda.
In fact, Devangshu Dutta, CEO of retail consultancy, ThirdEyeSight, believes these e-tailers are splurging because they are flush with cash. "They have a lot of capital and they are trying to grab as much land share as quickly as possible. So, they are trying all kinds of advertising and are hoping it works."
How long will the e-tailers be able to sustain their advertising spree? Ambit's Dave expects ad spends to increase because, he says, investors in e-tailers have also budgeted a huge amount for advertising. But not everyone agrees. Snapdeal is known to have posted a loss of close to Rs 300 crore in the last quarter itself and the financials of the rest of players are supposed to be no better. A lot will depend on whether these companies will continue to get as much funding from venture capital funds and private equity players as they are getting now. Clearly, if they continue to rack up losses, funds are bound to dry up and so will advertising.

Xiaomi advisory 4-5 months old  no ban on using smartphones: IAFE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dr Reddy s Laboratories Q2 profit falls 17 per cent at Rs 574 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In  Ease of Doing Business   India drops further to 142 in World Bank listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Priyanka Chopra to begin shoot for  Madamji  from November 30Print
Director Madhur Bhandarkar is all set for his next film with Priyanka Chopra titled Madamji. The National Award winning filmmaker, who is currently busy with Calendar Girls, was to start work on the Priyanka Chopra starrer on November 1 but now reports are that it has been delayed.
By: BollywoodHungama.com | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:18 pm
Director Madhur Bhandarkar is all set for his next film with Priyanka Chopra titled Madamji. The National Award winning filmmaker, who is currently busy with Calendar Girls, was to start work on the Priyanka Chopra starrer on November 1 but now reports are that it has been delayed.
Priyanka Chopra , who was shooting for ‘Bajirao Mastani’, had recently tweeted about suffering from conjunctivitis . Though the actress is currently on her way to recovery, her ailment seems to have affected the shoot of the Madhur Bhandarkar directorial too.
The spokesperson of filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar confirmed the story and mentioned that the shooting has been postponed for a month and will commence from November 30.
‘Madamji’ will show the journey and struggles of an item girl who climbs the ladder of success and becomes a politician. The film is said to travel across different cities of India and will be mainly shot in Bhopal, Delhi, Johanpur, Lucknow and Mumbai.
Priyanka Chopra turns producer for the first time with Madamji and will be co-producing it with Ram Mirchandani.

Yo Yo Honey Singh is back to work after a month-long sabbaticalYo Yo Honey Singh's health scare is behind him now. After a month-long sabbatical, the superstar-musician is back on his feet ready to rock once again.
By: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:02 pm
Yo Yo Honey Singh’s health scare is behind him now. After a month-long sabbatical, the superstar-musician is back on his feet ready to rock once again.
During the month of self-imposed recuperation, Yo Yo Honey Singh had exiled himself completely from his professional interests. He had to cancel several high-profile commitments including a special song for Farah Khan’s ‘Happy New Year’.
Says a source, “After ‘Lungi Dance’ in Chennai Express, Shah Rukh Khan wanted another dhamaka with Yo Yo. But the doctors played spoilsport. Honey Singh was under strict medical supervision.”
Continues the source, “He was not even allowed to keep his phone with him. His wife Shalini attended all his calls and replied to the important ones. She has looked after him during the past month like a truly devoted wife. He has recovered fully from his blood-pressure related issues.”
To add to his woes Yo Yo honey Singh also met with an accident during the SLAM concerts promoting Happy New Year in cities across the US. In Chicago he fell and injured his head.
“His recovery has been slow but steady. Yo Yo is born anew and ready to strike again. He won’t over-commit himself, won’t say yes to every producer who wants a song for his film,” says Yo Yo’s friend,

Last film of Orson Welles to finallyreleaseIn this file photo: Orson Welles plays Harry Lime in The Third Man, a 1949 flick about the new world order of moral ambiguity. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:09 pm
The last incomplete film that Orson Welles worked on before his death may finally get a release around the 100th anniversary of the legendary filmmaker’s birth next May.
The director devoted the last 15 years of his life obsessively working on ‘The Other Side of the Wind’ which remains unfinished. It is considered one of the most famous unreleased movies by cinema lovers.
The rights to the 1970 movie were caught in a legal battle between Welles’s daughter Beatrice, his longtime companion and collaborator, Oja Kodar, and an Iranian-French production company, L’Astrophore.
A Los Angeles production company, Royal Road Entertainment, has said that it has reached an agreement with
the parties to buy the rights.
The producers aim to have it ready for a screening in time for May 6, the 100th anniversary of Welles’s birth, reported the New York Times.
Much like his own life, the movie tells the story of an aging maverick director attempting a comeback. The director’s
role was played by John Huston who battles Hollywood establishment to finish his masterpiece.
The ‘Citizen Kane’ helmer left behind a roughly 45-minute edited work print of the movie before his death in 1985.

Taylor Kitsch joins Colin Farrell  Vince Vaughn in True Detective2Print
Actor Taylor Kitsch has confirmed he is set to join Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn in the second season of dark crime drama 'True Detective'. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:00 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 3:01 pm
Actor Taylor Kitsch has confirmed he is set to join Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn in the second season of dark crime drama ‘True Detective’.
The ‘Lone Survivor’ star has been linked to a key role on the show for several months and now he has opened up about the job, admitting he can’t wait to get back to work after taking an acting hiatus, reported USA Today.
“Yeah, I’m really excited. I’ve just been prepping. It’s been almost a full year since I’ve been on camera, so I’m
itching, man. I’m overdue. You’ve just got to grind it out,” Kitsch said.
“Even taking this year off was, I mean, you want to work, but you also don’t want to just water it down and work for the sake of working. So, it was tough to sit a year out, keeping a finger crossed that I was going to get True,” he added.
‘True Detective’ featured Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson as troubled police detectives investigating a
17-year-old murder case.

Mitt Romney hits the air for Tillis in closing argument adBy Sean Sullivan October 29 Follow @WaPoSean
Mitt Romney is hitting the airwaves in North Carolina with a closing pitch for Republican Thom Tillis, who is in one of the closest and most consequential Senate contests in the country.
In a new commercial from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce shared with The Washington Post on Wednesday, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee calls Tillis is the candidate who will "shake up" Washington by "solving the mess of Obamacare" and boosting job creation efforts.
"From paperboy to short order cook to executive of one of America's great companies, Thom Tillis has proved he can get the job done," says Romney.
Romney, who narrowly won North Carolina, is scheduled to campaign for Tillis in Raleigh on Wednesday . He endorsed the state house speaker in May on the day before the primary election.
Polls show a very close race between Tillis and Sen. Kay Hagan (D). Republicans need to gain six seats to win the Senate majority. The outcome in North Carolina could determine which party is in power in 2015.
The new Romney ad is the Chamber's final commercial of the race. The nation's largest business organization has turned to Romney to pitch Senate candidates in other states, too. It recently went back up on the air with Romney ads for GOP Senate candidates in New Hampshire and Iowa.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

India home to 2nd largest proportion of highly paid expats: HSBCE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Glee star Jane Lynch finalisesdivorce'Glee' star Jane Lynch is officially a single woman, after her divorce from Lara Embry was finalised.
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:33 pm
‘Glee’ star Jane Lynch  is officially a single woman, after her divorce from Lara Embry was finalised.
The 54-year-old actress has had to pay her ex-wife, who is a psychologist, a whopping USD 1.2 million in a property settlement spread over a two-year period.     Embry is also entitled to a lot more, including half of Lynch’s royalties from her hit show Glee, and other TV appearances, reported TMZ online.
She is also being granted USD 847, 485 – half of ‘several bank and trust accounts’ and keeping their dog Francis. Lynch filed court documents in July to legally dissolve her three-year marriage to Embry, after splitting in February
2012.
The pair are said to have been on ‘very civilized’ terms with one another after coming to an agreement about their split.
Lynch previously insisted that her divorce was ‘not a horrible thing’ and friends explained the actress wanted to stay friends with Embry for the sake of her former spouse’s 10-year-old daughter, Haden.

India ranked 142 in latest Ease of Doing Business report: WorldBankBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:32 pm
India has been places at 142 among 189 countries in the latest World Bank’s ‘Ease of Doing Business’ report released today, a drop by two places from the last year’s ranking.
The drop in India’s ranking from last year’s 140 is mainly because other nations have performed much better, bank officials said.
In the 2014 report, India had 52.78 points and in this year’s report it has 53.97 points.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the latest slew of measures taken by Narendra Modi government to make India a business friendly destination.
“We do not want to send the impression that the drop in India’s ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation (government),” Augusto Lopez-Claros, Director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics, World Bank Group said.
“It is absolutely true that the new government of Mr Modi has made it very clear that they see the creation of a better investment climate and a more friendly business friendly environment in India a top priority. However, it is important to remember that the new Government did not come into office until the second half of May,” he said.
Highly appreciative of the steps taken by the new Indian Government, World Bank officials, however, asserted that there was a very high likelihood of India significantly jumping up the ladder in the next ease of doing business.
Singapore with 88.27 points occupies the top position in the ease of doing business followed by New Zealand, Hong Kong, Denmark and South Korea.
Among other major countries, the US has been ranked seventh, Britain (eight), China (90), Sri Lanka (99), Nepal (108), Maldives (116), Bhutan (125), and Pakistan (128).
In a conference call with reporters, World Bank officials cautioned against linking the latest ranking with the steps taken by the new Indian Government.
Noting that the cut off of ease of doing business is May 31st, Lopez said whatever the government would do and whatever is in the pipeline is going to have an impact on these indicators only next year.
When asked about the ambition of the new Indian Government to move up the ladder and gain a ranking within top 50 countries, Lopez said, “There is no reason, why not?”.
“Absolutely, it can be done. There are many examples of countries who through focused efforts, through intelligently designed reforms have managed to make very substantial improvement,” he said.
Though India did drop a little bit in terms of its ranking, the ease of doing business has improved over the last 12 months, he said.
Rita Ramalho, lead author of the Doing Business report, World Bank said India’s ranking dropped, despite improvement in its business environment, because other countries improved.
“There is a continuous improvement across the world. India improved, but others improved at a faster pace,” continued…

Happy New Year : Shah Rukh  Deepika  Abhishek go Sharabi in newsongPrint
'Sharabi' is also a tribute to veteran actors like Dharmendra, Jitendra and Amitabh Bachchan.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 3:32 pm
Riding high on the success of their recently released ‘Happy New Year’, the team launched another song ‘Sharabi’ to woo their fans. The peppy track features the entire cast – Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Bomn Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah dressed in eye-catching costumes, all supposedly intoxicated as they groove to the music.
The track is also a tribute to veteran actors like Dharmendra, Jitendra and Amitabh Bachchan as the ‘Happy New Year ‘team is seen duplicating quite a few of their signature steps in the video.
SRK’s special song ‘Lungi Dance’ in last year’s hit film ‘Chennai Express’ by Yo Yo Honey Singh was also a smash hit and going by the lyrics of ‘Sharabi’ – which are a mix of Punjabi and Hindi – the song is set to be a chartbuster soon.
Penned by Kumaar, and musical duo Vishal-Shekhar, ‘Sharabi’ has been sung by Manj Musik (former RDB member), Nindy Kaur and Vishal-Shekhar, who have been closely associated with the film’s promotions as well.
Considering that ‘Happy New Year’ made its way to the coveted Rs 100 crore Club in its opening weekend itself, the Farah Khan release does not exactly need any more promotional tactics. However, the release of ‘Sharabi’ seems precisely for this reason.
The cast, minus Abhishek Bachchan got together on Tuesday (October 28) for a grand launch of the song at a suburban five star hotel.

Ex-Google employee detained for trying to join IslamicStatePrint
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:26 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 9:41 pm
A former Google employee has been put under police surveillance after intelligence agencies suspected that he was travelling to Saudi Arabia with the intention of going to Iraq to join the militant group ISIS, now known as Islamic State.
Munawad Salman, 26, and his family hail from Tamil Nadu, and live in Musheerabad area of Hyderabad. Munawad completed his engineering from Al-Habeeb College of Engineering and Technology in Ranga Reddy district last year. He was picked up by Google during campus placements but he worked there for only about four months. Seven months ago he quit the company and since then he had been aiming for a job in Saudi Arabia.
Early this month, Munawad got a visa to visit Saudi Arabia. He was supposed to leave on Tuesday but was detained by police just as he was about to leave home. Officials said Munawad’s elder brother is a top executive in a multinational company in Saudi Arabia but he does not subscribe to jihadi propaganda.
“We had been electronically tracking Munawad’s activities on the Internet for the past several weeks. He was drawn especially to the ISIS’s propaganda and other Islamic militant groups’ websites. He had created some fake identities and would ‘like’ and comment on videos and photos posted by ISIS and other jihadi groups,” a top police officer said on Wednesday.
“We gathered that he was under the impression that the ISIS’s victory in some areas and what they were doing was true ‘jihad’, and probably wanted to join them. He was supposed to fly to Saudi Arabia on October 28 and we detained him. He has not been arrested. He is undergoing counselling and will be under our watch. His parents are also cooperating,” the officer said.
Munawad is also learnt to have given his phone number on a social networking site and a website, which have a large number of jihadi followers. Intelligence officers also chatted with him anonymously in an online chat room where IS recruits.
He told the police that he watched the videos and photos out of curiosity and had no intention of joining the militant group, and claimed that he was never influenced by the online propaganda. However, the police asked him to undergo counselling with the help of his parents and he has been told not to leave the city.
Last week, the police arrested two youths from Maharashtra who had come to Hyderabad to meet a youth who allegedly was to arrange visas and funds for their trip to Afghanistan to train under al-Qaeda.

Al-Qaeda still offers olive branch to IS:AnalystsPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 3:31 pm
Al-Qaeda is using US airstrikes in Syria as a reason to extend olive branches to the renegade Islamic State group, saying the two should stop feuding and join forces to attack Western targets a reunification that intelligence analysts say would allow al-Qaeda to capitalise on the younger group’s ruthless advance across the region.
Analysts are closely watching al-Qaeda’s repeated overtures, and while a full reconciliation is not expected soon if ever there is evidence the two groups have curtailed their infighting and are cooperating on the Syrian battlefield, according to activists on the ground, US officials and experts who monitor jihadi messages.
Al-Qaeda is saying, “Let’s just have a truce in Syria,” said Tom Joscelyn, who tracks terror groups for the Long War Journal. “That is what’s underway now. … What we have seen is that local commanders are entering into local truces. There are definitely areas where the two groups are not fighting.”
The Islamic State group has seized about a third of Iraq and Syrian territory and is terrorising civilians to impose a strict interpretation of Islamic law. Their advances led to airstrikes by the United States and a coalition of Western and Gulf nations in both Iraq and Syria.
IS was kicked out of al-Qaeda in May after disobeying its leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri. So far, IS has not publicly responded to al-Qaida’s calls to reunite the most recent on October 17 from al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, the Yemen-based offshoot that denounced the airstrikes and called on rival militant groups to stop their infighting and together train their sights on the West.
Reconciling with al-Qaeda senior leadership would let IS benefit from al-Qaeda’s broad, international network but would also leave it restrained in carrying out its own attacks. For its part, al-Qaeda would get a boost from the Islamic State group’s newfound popularity in jihadi circles, which has provided an influx of new recruits and money. The US Treasury Department said last week that IS has earned about USD 1
million a day from selling oil on the black market.

Chadwick Boseman to play BlackPantherActor Chadwick Boseman has been roped in by Marvel Studios for the role of superhero Black Panther. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:22 pm
Actor Chadwick Boseman has been roped in by Marvel Studios for the role of superhero Black Panther.
Boseman was announced as T’Challa, the head of the fictional African nation of Wakanda, in the movie, which is
scheduled to be released November 3, 2017.
The Black Panther — created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby —was a long-serving member of the Avengers who also enjoyed multiple critically acclaimed solo runs throughout his 48-year history.
Boseman is best known for his roles in ’42’ and ‘Get On Up’. The studio also revealed the concept art for the
character.
The character will make its debut in 2016’s third Captain America movie, according Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige.
Titled ‘Captain America: Civil War’, the film will see a clash between Chris Evans’ played and Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr).
Feige announced the full slate for Phase 3 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe at El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles in the presence of Boseman, Evans, and Downey Jr.

Wellness: From illness to good healthThe Hindu A Yoga practitioner at the Lodhi gardens in the Capital. Photo: V.V.Krishnan
Special Arrangement Parth Pratim Bose is the founder SAANS Foundation
TOPICS
health
This is a case of a 49-year-old senior corporate lady executive of a multinational firm suffering from severe primary hypothyroidism with peri-menopausal symptoms, an endocrine disease which slows down your metabolism, makes you obese and slows down your respiration due to muscle weakness called myopathy.
Luckily, a breathing technique called chaotic breathing helped her to improve basal metabolic rate (BMR). Improved metabolism enhanced her muscle endurance, weight loss process, wellness and overall performance of the body.
Breathing is a catharsis and a method of kinetising potential energy. Our repressed emotions like anxieties, depressions, anger, frustrations and insecurities are a kind of potential energy. When you are angry you have a different rhythm of breathing; when you are in love, a totally different rhythm comes to you. When you are relaxed you breathe differently. That means that breathing is deeply related to your mental state. If you change your breathing, you can change the state of your mind. Or, if you change the state of your mind, breathing will change.
Breathing is an unconscious 24x7 phenomenon but the irony is it can be consciously controlled. You can change the rhythm, you can hold the breath for few seconds and you can speed up or slow the rhythm. But you cannot stop breathing for a long time because it connects voluntary and involuntary systems of your body.
Chaotic breathing means just taking the breath in and exhaling without any rhythm.
Chaotic breathing creates a chaos within your repressed system. This type of breathing destroys all your systems of the past. This creates a chaos within you because unless a chaos is created you cannot release your repressed emotions. Chaotic breathing increases oxygen delivery to tissues and washes more carbon dioxide per breath. Ten minutes of chaotic breathing is wonderful but it must be chaotic. It creates chaos making you thoughtless and tranquil.
Most patients have two aspects of diseases – one is bodily and another morbid perception of the disease called illness. Chaotic breathing techniques significantly help to change illness to wellness. Once wellness is achieved disease intensity becomes less and patient is on the path of recovery.
Steps
Deep, fast breathing gives you more oxygen. The more oxygen in the body, the more alive you become.
Next step is a catharsis. To be consciously insane and whatever comes to your mind allow it expression and cooperate with it. No resistance, just a flow of emotions....If you want to scream, express through crying, dancing, weeping, jumping, freaking out. This second step is also for 10 minutes.
So when you start to do it, in the beginning it may be forced. It may need effort, there may be just acting but do not bother about it, go on. Soon you will touch those sources where you have repressed many things. You will touch those sources, and once they are broken you will feel unburdened; a new life will come to you, a new birth will take place.
Then in the third step, use the sound HOO. Many sounds have been used in the past; each sound has something specific to do. HOO goes much deeper up to your sexual organs. This sound is used just as a hammering within. When you have become vacant and empty, only then can this sound move and make you feel tranquil.
Precautions: Patients with breathing disorders should be careful before practising this technique.

In the pink of healthUpdated: October 31, 2014 19:59 IST
In the pink of health
KRISHANGI SINGH
health
Be it fitness or Kathak, veejay Andy doesn’t believe in half measures
Television personality veejay Andy, who has hosted the shows Get Gorgeous and Dare 2 Date , has genuine reasons for being completely dedicated to fitness. The busy artist has to multi-task and being supremely fit is his topmost priority.
“It is difficult to maintain a fitness regime as I am on the set from 6 a.m. to nearly 9 p.m. each day for shoots, but I make it a point to get up early and swim for half an hour. I follow it with stretching exercises,” says Andy, who has also participated in Jhalak Dikhla Jaa and Bigg Boss.
Giving an insight into his diet, he says, “I mostly keep my eating habits in check. I don’t consume carbohydrates and sugar and focus on eating wholegrain food products.”
Recommending a “ghee detox”, which he follows regularly, the VJ says, “It comprises different amounts of ghee which have to be consumed each day. The ghee goes to the cellular level and flushes out the toxins. I felt so clean after following it for the first time that now I do it regularly.”
For releasing stress and tension, Andy recommends yoga. He says, “Tension is what we do to our body that leads to all other problems. Yoga is the best way to relieve stress. In India, we have the best tools to keep ourselves in shape, yet we ignore it so often.”
“You need to stay active, especially if your job requires long hours. Taking care of your body is extremely important,” says Andy, who is all set to return to the small screen with the third season of Dare 2 ToDate.
Talking about his training as a dancer and VJ, Andy says, “People think that to come on television, one just has to look good and turn up on the screen. That is completely false. You have to educate yourself to become what you aspire for. I started training in Kathak since I was in the 6 standard. I also did extensive vocal training in acting classes that I took in London.”
For any actor training is an essential prerequisite. “Extensive training precedes when you’re trying to be someone else on-screen,” says Andy.

Black money: Centre submits reportNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 19:02 IST
Centre submits black money list to Supreme Court
ians
Tweet
The Hindu Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi coming out of the Supreme Court on Wednesday after handing over two sealed envelopes containing names of 627 Indians who hold accounts in foreign banks. Photo: V. Sudershan
The Centre on Wednesday placed the list of names of Indians having accounts in foreign banks before the Supreme Court in the black money case.
TOPICS
justice and rights
List containing names of 627 people was submitted to the Supreme Court.
As revealed to it by the French government, the Centre on Wednesday submitted to the Supreme Court names of the 627 Indians who are holding accounts in foreign banks.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi handed over two sealed envelopes to the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice H.L. Dattu.
Mr. Rohatgi said that half of these account holders are Indian residents and these accounts concern till 2006.
He said that action has been initiated into the matter. Some of them have paid taxes while others are under investigation.
The court directed that the sealed envelopes containing 627 names, including correspondence with the French government, be given to Special Investigation Team (SIT) chairman Justice M.B. Shah and vice chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat. The SIT was set up by the apex court July 4, 2011.
The court said the SIT will move into the matter in accordance with the law.
On Tuesday, the central government was directed by the Supreme Court to furnish in a sealed envelope the list of all individuals and entities in its possession who have accounts in overseas banks, legitimate or otherwise.
The directive to this effect came a day after the government gave the court the names of seven individuals and one company, alleging they had funds in bank accounts abroad over which proceedings had been initiated for tax evasion.

Well-known painter Rumi to have exhibition and sale of her paintingsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jubilant Life shares tumble as quarterly loss widensThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Unclear Whether SC Will Make Public Foreign Accounts ListThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dr Reddy s Lab drops in volatile trade after declaring weak Q2 resultThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Most online firms will not survive the Ecommerce boomHi Guest
Only 2-3 eCommerce firms will survive market bloodbath: Study
The multi-billion dollar Indian eCommerce industry is set to see consolidation in the next 4-5 years with only 2-3 big players surviving the market "bloodbath", research firm Spire Research and Consulting said. Many smaller firms would not be able to keep up the momentum and would either shut shop or be acquired by bigger players, the firm added. "There is going to be a bloodbath in the market. It will all depend upon a company's capacity to bear losses. In the next 4-5 years, we expect only ...

Mangalam Cement standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 239.56 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brokerages bullish on Lupin post Q2 results; raise target priceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

OBC posts 16% jump in Q2 net profit to Rs291 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Retail MF folios post record rise in H1FY15: CRISILThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

#Hyderabad metro cost escalatesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee snaps 4-session rally  ends 3 ps down at 61.30 vs dollarforeign exchange market
The Indian rupee on Monday snapped a four-session rally and softened by three paise to end at 61.30 against the Greenback on dollar demand from oil importers amid weakness in local equities.
A better dollar overseas ahead of two—day monetary policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve starting Tuesday and slowing capital inflows also weighed negatively on the market.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency resumed strong at 61.19 a dollar from last Wednesday’s close of 61.27 and immediately touched a high of 61.18 following initial rally in local stocks.
Later, it met with strong resistance in line with fall in domestic equities amid fresh month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to day’s low of 61.36 before settling at 61.30, a fall of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
In the previous four trading sessions, the rupee had risen by 56 paise or 0.91 per cent. The Forex market was closed on October 23 and 24 on account of holidays.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, which was up by nearly 144 points in early stages, fell back and closed down by 98.15 points or 0.37 per cent. FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth Rs 12.38 crore last Thursday as per provisional data.
The dollar index was up by a marginal 0.03 per cent against its six major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: “Today Rupee opened on a strong note taking cues from local equities.
As the day progressed, rupee lost his way and closed in red due to month end dollar buying pressure from oil marketing companies. The trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80.”
We believe that the Rupee could remain weak as importers could continue to purchase Dollars for the month—end payments for defense and oil imports, said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.

Bullish on Alstom T&D India: AmbitYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Alstom T&D India: Ambit
Published On:                  October 28, 2014                 | Duration: 24 min, 18 sec
Tweet
Andrew Holland chief executive officer of Ambit Investment Advisory told NDTV that Alstom T&D will be a clear winner in the power equipment space as it has superior technology compared to its competitors. Its profits can triple over a period of two to three years, he added.

Nifty May Remain in 7700-8200 Range: Mayuresh JoshiYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty May Remain in 7700-8200 Range: Mayuresh Joshi
Published On:                  October 28, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 45 sec
Tweet
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking said Nifty may remain in a range over the next few months, with global cues taking the front seat. In terms of corporate earnings, there is not going to be huge amount of re-rating happening with earnings growth expected to remain subdued in this quarter and the next, he added.

L&T Reveals Statue of Unity DetailsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
L&T Reveals Statue of Unity Details
Published On:                  October 28, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 28 sec
Tweet
SN Subrahmanyan, senior executive vice president of L&T says the Statue of Unity will have two high-speed lifts that will carry 200 people to the viewing gallery. L&T will take help from Chinese companies, which have expertise in building tall Buddha statues, he added.

RBI Chief Should Oversee CMD Selection at PSU Banks: Pratip ChaudhuriYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI Chief Should Oversee CMD Selection at PSU Banks: Pratip Chaudhuri
Published On:                  October 28, 2014                 | Duration: 16 min, 04 sec

HUL Volume Growth to Disappoint in Coming Quarters: ReligareYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
HUL Volume Growth to Disappoint in Coming Quarters: Religare
Published On:                  October 28, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 52 sec
Tweet
Gaurang Kakkad, vice president of Religare Capital Markets says HUL's volume growth is likely to be in the 4-6 per cent range over the next few quarters. The company's inability to push volumes because of soft demand will weigh on the stock, he added.

Dr Reddy s Launches Generic Immunosuppressant Tablets in USAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Dr Reddy's Laboratories said on Tuesday that it has launched a generic version of Wyeth's Rapamune tablets, an immunosuppressant, in the US market.
The company has launched Sirolimus tablets, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of Rapamune tablets, in the US market following the approval of US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA), Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
According to IMS Health sales data, the Rapamune brand had sales of $206 million in the US market for 12 months ended August 2014, it added.
The Hyderabad-based firm's Sirolimus tablets in 1 and 2 mg strengths are available in bottle counts of 100, the company said.
Shares in Dr Reddy's, on Tuesday, ended at Rs 3,080.65 apiece on the BSE, down 0.80 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 22:19 (IST)

Dynamos will strive to keep momentum goingNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:56 IST
Dynamos will strive to keep momentum going
Priyansh
The Hindu Delhi Dynamos Mads Junker along with teammates exults after scoring against Chennaiyin FC in the India Super League football match at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi on October 25, 2014. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
soccer
Saturday’s 4-1 win over Chennaiyin FC represented the achievement of another level in Delhi Dynamos’ Hero Indian Super League journey. The first two matches had signified growth but ended in draws; the previous match brought goals and three points.
Consolidation of the momentum gained in the previous match will be a natural aim when Dynamos play Northeast United FC at the Jawaharlal Stadium on Wednesday. But the visitor is experiencing buoyancy as well; a 2-0 away success at the expense of Mumbai City FC was worth its weight in gold.
Despite the impressive nature of its performances till now, Dynamos has multiple reasons to be wary of its latest opponent. Trained by former New Zealand manager Ricki Herbert, Northeast is a well-organised side that excelled in a 4-2-3-1 formation against Mumbai.
The side’s deep-lying central midfielders Kondwani Mtonga and Felipe de Castro pose a threat with their late runs into the opposition box, as evidence by the duo’s goals in the previous contest.
Considering a major factor behind Dynamos’ success this season has been the successful partnership of Hans Mulder and Bruno Arias in the centre of the pitch, the pair could once again hold the key for the host. The host, though, could benefit from Joan Capdevila’s absence as the 2008 Euro winner is doubtful due to injury.
While both sides won their previous game, Dynamos coach Harm van Veldhoven said on Tuesday that it’s difficult to maintain a winning run in the ISL. However, despite the side’s near-insistence on scoring early, the Dutch coach believes consistency shouldn’t be an issue for his charges.
It’ll be intriguing to see how Dynamos responds if the match remains goalless at the hour mark. The side’s high-intensity approach places severe physical demands on its players and it wouldn’t be easy for the host to force the issue late into the match.
But, as van Veldhoven acknowledged, it’s easier for him to prepare his side at this stage of the tournament as he knows more about the opponent.
With only Pavel Elias out for another week to 10 days, the Dutchman will have an almost full squad available on Wednesday.

Gold Holds Near $1 230  Federal Reserve EyedYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Holds Near $1,230, Fed Eyed
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 09:07 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Singapore: Gold steadied near $1,230 an ounce on Wednesday, clinging to modest gains from the previous session, ahead of the next guidance from the Federal Reserve on whether it will hike US interest rates sooner or keep them lower for longer.
The Fed wraps up its two-day policy meeting later on Wednesday at which it is expected to end its bond purchases amid signs of strength in the US economy.
But policymakers will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
"The potential for surprise out of the Fed tonight is probably pretty low. QE (quantitative easing) will end but I don't think they'll deviate from what they've said previously," said Victor Thianpiriya, analyst at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
Keeping US interest rates lower for a longer period bodes well for a non-interest bearing asset such as gold.
Spot gold was up 0.1 per cent at $1,229.25 an ounce by 0213 GMT, after gaining 0.2 per cent on Tuesday.
US gold futures were nearly flat at $1,229.30 an ounce.
Data released on Tuesday gives the US central bank reason to hold off from tightening its monetary policy, with demand for US-made capital goods falling the most in eight months in September.
The US housing sector also remained largely soft. The S&P/Case-Shiller composite index of home prices in 20 metropolitan areas gained 5.6 per cent in August from a year earlier, the slowest annual increase since November 2012.
But Thianpiriya said the key threat to gold is the weakness in demand from China, the world's biggest consumer of the precious metal.
"To me the most important thing is that Chinese buyers have been absent for most of this year and that hasn't supported the price of gold," said Thianpiriya who sees gold slipping to $1,180 by December.
In 2013, China imported a record 1,158.162 tonnes of gold from Hong Kong - the main conduit for gold into the mainland - spurred by a 28 per cent drop in global prices.
But Chinese demand has since waned with gold prices largely steady this year after recovering from 15-month lows reached in early October.
Elsewhere, Russia increased its gold reserves for a sixth straight month in September, while Azerbaijan added to its holdings for a second month, according to data from the International Monetary Fund.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Umbrella-shaped ultramarathon to support Hong Kong movementprint
Two Hong Kong expats set off Wednesday on an ultramarathon course in the shape of a giant umbrella to support ongoing pro-democracy protests in the southern Chinese city.
The pair plan to run 102 kilometres (63 miles) over 15 hours on a path taking them from the city's mountainous country trails near the Chinese border to finish at the main protest site opposite the government's headquarters.
John Ellis and Andrew Dawson, both seasoned ultramarathon runners, said they wanted to show their solidarity for those camped out on the streets demanding full democracy for the former British colony.
"We deliberately wanted to make it long because it's symbolic of what we think will probably be a fairly long struggle ahead," Ellis, a 36-year-old Australian who works in investment, told AFP hours before the pair kicked off their odyssey at 4am (2000 GMT Tuesday).
The protests have been dubbed the 'Umbrella Movement' following the creative ways demonstrators have used them to shelter from the heat, torrential rain, pepper spray and police batons.
Ellis and Dawson wanted to find a route that would look like the protest movement's symbol once laid across a map of the city.
Their race began in the early hours of the morning at the Upper Shing Mun reservoir in Hong Kong's New Territories, a hilly rural region close to the mainland far removed from the concrete jungle the Asian financial hub is better known for.
'Not going to be easy'
Their route will take them on a loop of the outlying New Territories before turning south towards the city's densely packed Kowloon district and then across the harbour to Hong Kong Island.
By 4pm they hope to make it to the first protest camp in the Mongkok district before ending their run at the main protest site opposite the government headquarters some three hours later.
Defined as any distance beyond the 42.2-kilometre marathon, ultra races are becoming increasingly popular around the world.
And with its 300-kilometre network of trails criss-crossing rocky terrain, exposed peaks, bays and reservoirs all close to the city, Hong Kong is an ideal venue for such races.
Ellis and Dawson -- also an Australian -- say they will be helped along by friends along a route that will climb nearly 3,000 metres (9,850 feet).
"It's not going to be easy. There's going to be lots of moments where we will feel like giving up or it just gets too hard but we want to push through and see it to the end. And hopefully that symbolism is the same for this democratic movement in Hong Kong," Ellis said.
Many of Hong Kong's largely wealthy and often transient expat community have been unsure whether to involve themselves openly in the city's democracy movement.
Some fear open support might risk feeding China's allegations that "foreign forces" are behind the protests while others feel the city's internal politics is not their battle.
But Ellis said he felt it was important for the city's foreign community to stand up for Hong Kong's democratic future.
"I've met those expats over here who believe it's not their fight. An expat can always leave. But if there's a chance to make Hong Kong better, and I think having a government that truly represents the people... then that's something I really want to get involved in," he said.

Bengali beauty Reema Sen s HOTTEST photosPhoto uploaded by Vinay Ghosh
on Oct 29, 2014 , 08:10 am
2722 Views  |  7  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Reema Sen was born in Kolkata. She completed her high school from St. Thomas Girls School in Khidderpore, Kolkatta, after which the family moved to Mumbai. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Reema Sen was born in Kolkata. She completed her high school from St. Thomas Girls School in Khidderpore, Kolkatta, after which the family moved to Mumbai. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Auto Index Nears 52-Week High; Tata Motors  M&M ShineIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
The CNX auto index gained over one per cent, close to its year high of 8,175.7 on Wednesday supported by buying in heavy weights like Tata Motors, Hero MotoCorp and Mahindra and Mahindra.
Tata Motors gained nearly 3 per cent to a day high of Rs 524.75 as recent fall in diesel prices and an improved economic outlook will support the company in achieving higher sales of commercial vehicles and passenger vehicles. Other commercial and passenger vehicle manufacturer Mahindra & Mahindra was also up over 2 per cent at Rs 1,305.
Fall in international crude oil prices will result in lower inflation, which will make a case for interest rate cut earlier than expected. A cut in interest will incentivise buyers and help the auto companies in achieving higher sales.
Hero MotoCorp gained nearly 2 per cent to a day high of Rs 3,108.60 as the Reserve Bank of India has allowed foreign investors to invest up to 49 per cent in the company under the Portfolio Investment Scheme. As of September 30, 2014 foreign investors held 34.34 per cent stake in the company. Festive season has also resulted in increased sale for the company. The company is confident of achieving scooter retail sales of over 90,000 units in the festive month of October.
Other auto stocks Like Maruti Suzuki and Bajaj Auto were also up around half a per cent each. Maruti has launched refreshed version of Swift hatchback, starting at a price of Rs 4.42 lakh. The new Swift has 10 per cent increased fuel efficiency compared to the outgoing model. Swift accounts for 18 per cent of Maruti's domestic sales.
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 13:58 (IST)

Rupee at Day s Low Ahead of Fed Meet OutcomeRupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
The rupee was at day's low of 61.35 versus previous close of 61.32/33. Traders say month-end dollar demand from importers hurts sentiment.
All eyes are on Fed meet outcome due after market hours. Most Asian currencies were trading stronger against the dollar. Nifty was up 0.4 per cent and the dollar index down 0.09 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Just Dial Rebounds 7% After Falling 21% Post Q2 EarningsYou are here: Home Market
Just Dial Rebounds 7% After Falling 21% Post Q2 Earnings
NDTV | Updated On: October 30, 2014 07:16 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Just Dial shares gained over 7 per cent to a day high of Rs 1,457 on value buying after falling nearly 21 per cent, post announcement of its earnings which disappointed investors.
Net profit of the company grew 10 per cent year-on-year to Rs 31.49 crore in the September quarter compared to Rs 28.66 crore in the corresponding quarter of last fiscal. But what disappointed the street the most was the 240 basis points decrease in its operating margin to 28.9 per cent for the quarter ended September 2014. The company said increase in staff cost had resulted in the drop in operating margin.
The board of the company has passed a resolution to raise up to Rs 1000 crore. Just Dial said it will use the cash as a war-chest for inorganic opportunities. Analysts say Rs 1000 crore of fund raising will result in approximately 7-9 per cent dilution of equity of promoters, which also disappointed investors and triggered a selloff in the stocks. Higher equity holding by promoters in a company is viewed positively by investors.
However, the company has given a clarification to the exchanges that this is just an enabling resolution to ensure that they are prepared in the event a suitable opportunity arises for them to pursue any strategic objective. "Our core business generates cash, we already have Rs 750 crores of cash...we don't need any money for day to day business," Ramkumar Krishnamachari, chief finance officer, Just Dial told NDTV. ( Watch full interview )
We are looking for acquisition opportunities in the e-commerce and internet space, which can accelerate our business growth, but currently we do not have any such opportunity, Mr. Krishnamachari added.
The company is launching a new service call 'Search Plus' which will enable its clients to do transactions conveniently online and will enable thousands of SME's to get them discovered and transacted online.
"This service will open up multiple sources of revenue for us," Mr. Krishnamachari said.
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 14:36 (IST)

Punjab National Bank falls; CMD Demits OfficeYou are here: Home Market
Punjab National Bank Falls; CMD Demits Office
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 11:56 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Shares of Punjab National Bank fell 1.5 per cent after chairman and managing director KR Kamath completed his term yesterday. Mr Kamath's exit was a surprise for some investors who were expecting an extension for him, traders said.
A new head at state-run banks generally leads to a clean-up in the first few quarters which means higher restructuring charges, say some dealers.
The government on Monday decided to draw up a new process to appoint top officials at state-run banks.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Dr Reddy s Q2 Net Falls 17%  Stock Down 2%Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai:
Dr Reddy's Laboratories, India's second-largest drugmaker by revenue, reported a 17 per cent drop in its second-quarter profit due to higher costs, pushing its shares down nearly 3 per cent on Wednesday.
The company also said it bought the rights to sell the nicotine patch Habitrol in the United States from Novartis Consumer Health Inc, a unit of Swiss firm Novartis.
The agreement was entered into on Oct. 18 and is subject to a review by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, Dr Reddy's said in a statement to the exchanges, without disclosing further details.
The company reported a net profit of Rs 574 crore for the quarter ended September, down from 6.90 billion rupees a year earlier.
Dr Reddy's shares were down 1.8 per cent at Rs 3,025 at 1:11 p.m, while the Nifty was up 0.46 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Deutsche Bank loses $116 million in Q3  repl...Deutsche Bank loses $116 million in Q3, replaces chief financial officer
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 11.49AM IST
The bank said that set-asides for possible losses from litigation against it had also "materially impacted" its result.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT, GERMANY: Deutsche Bank lost 92 million euros ($116 million) in the third quarter as the bank faced ongoing financial burdens from lawsuits, new regulations and its effort to shed risky past investments.
Germany's biggest bank also said Wednesday that it would move its chief financial officer, Stefan Krause, to a new job in charge of strategy and replace him with a Goldman Sachs executive.
The net loss for the quarter ending Sept. 30 compares to a profit of 51 million euros in the same period a year ago, and to a profit of 238 million in the second quarter. Net third-quarter revenues rose 2 percent to 7.864 billion.
The bank said that set-asides for possible losses from litigation against it had also "materially impacted" its result.
The bank's shares fell 0.44 percent to 25.14 euros in morning trading in Europe.
Deutsche Bank has faced costs from investigations into allegations of past misconduct, including probes of possible manipulation of interest-rate and foreign exchange benchmarks. It has also come under regulatory and market pressure to strengthen its finances, leading the bank to raise 8.5 billion euros in June by issuing new shares.
Along with other big banks, Deutsche Bank has had to devote employee time to compliance with increasing government regulations aimed at stabilizing the banking system and preventing more financial crises. Those included the year-long comprehensive review of bank finances by the European Central Bank, which concluded Sunday. The ECB went through thousands of individual loan portfolios to test whether bank assets were as solid as reported. Deutsche Bank passed the test.
Compensation and benefits were up by 285 million euros, or 10 percent, from 3.2 billion euros a year ago. The bank said that was from fixed compensation costs for complying with regulations as well as hiring additional staff in control functions.
As part of the effort to strengthen its finances, the bank recorded 1.049 billion euros in losses during the quarter from its non-core operations unit. That is where it has placed risky assets and investments that it is selling off or winding down to strengthen its overall finances.
The bank said it would bring in Marcus Schenk, 48, from Goldman Sachs to serve as deputy chief financial officer, taking over as chief financial officer at the bank's annual meeting on May 21, 2015. Krause, 51, will serve as CFO until then before moving to a new position as head of strategy and major change initiatives at the bank. The bank also created a new top post for legal issues, saying it wanted to sharpen management's focus on the resolution of its legal troubles.

Sugar mills to start operations on time nex...Sugar mills to start operations on time next month: Food secretary Sudhir Kumar
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 04.43PM IST
0
Share More
(Representative Photo) Sugar mills in India's key cane producing states are likely to start crushing operations on time next month, Food Secretary Sudhir Kumar said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Sugar mills in India's main cane-producing state are likely to start crushing on time next month, even though a dispute over cane prices is unresolved, and the world's biggest consumer is poised to produce a surplus for the fifth straight year.
A timely start to the crushing season could depress local prices by increasing supplies and may force mills to seal export deals at lower price.
Mills in the biggest cane-producing state of Uttar Pradesh had threatened to suspend operations, citing their inability to pay state-government-mandated cane prices to farmers.
"The cane commissioner of UP (Uttar Pradesh) has told us that the mills have assured the state government that they will start their operations on time," Food Secretary Sudhir Kumar said after a meeting of officials from sugar-producing states.
Industry officials now believe the state government of Uttar Pradesh may raise the 2014/15 cane price only marginally. It is likely to announce the cane price after Nov. 10.
The state government had told mills to pay 280 Indian rupees ($4.57) per 100 kg for cane in the 2013/14 marketing year that ended in September, compared with the 210 rupees recommended by the central government.
Mills paid that but, anticipating yet another price rise in the current year, made the threat to halt operations.
The state-mandated cane price has climbed 65 percent in five years, while sugar prices have fallen by 2 percent.
State-run banks have declined to offer fresh working capital to mills as some have defaulted on bank loans due to low sugar prices.
Supply Glut
The country's sugar output is expected to rise 4 percent to 25.5 mln tonnes in the 2014/15 season that started on Oct. 1, higher than local consumption of around 23 million tonnes, a government official said, declining to be identified because he is not authorised to speak to media.
In the new season, the western state of Maharashtra is likely to produce 9.1 million tonnes of sugar, while Uttar Pradesh could churn out 6.2 million tonnes, the official said.
The surplus production could force the government to give incentives for exports as prices are not attractive in the world market, a Mumbai-based dealer said.
Although a delay in announcing incentives for the 2014/15 season had led to doubts about the intentions of the new administration, two government sources told Reuters this week that it would consider the matter after the output forecast was released.
In February, the government gave a subsidy of 3,300 rupees ($53.82) a tonne for production and exports of up to 4 million tonnes of raw sugar to help mills cut their large stockpiles.

VIP Industries Falls 5% as Q2 DisappointsYou are here: Home Corporates
VIP Industries Falls 5% as Q2 Disappoints
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 15:21 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Shares in VIP Industries fell nearly 5 per cent to a day low of Rs 108.65 after its earnings disappointed investors.
The company's net profit fell 12 per cent year-on-year to Rs 3.8 crore in the July -September quarter due to a change in depreciation policy and exceptional item of Rs 2 crore which the company took on account of voluntary retirement scheme.
VIP Industries reported net sales of Rs 218 crore in the reporting period compared to Rs 197 crore in the same period, previous fiscal.
As of 3.15 p.m. shares in VIP Industries traded 4.1 per cent lower at Rs 111.25 per share against 0.8 per cent gain in Nifty.
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 15:19 (IST)

PM Modi Wants Number 50  But India Slipped to 142 on This ListYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Wants Number 50, But India Just Slipped to 142 on This List
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: October 29, 2014 17:03 (IST)
Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
India has notched up its worst-ever ranking in the "Ease of Doing Business" index compiled by the World Bank, slipping to 142 out of 189 countries. Just last month Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said he wants India to be among the top 50 countries on the list. ( Read )
The rankings are based on 10 indicators such as how easy it is to start a business and sometimes form the basis of foreign investments in a country. The World Bank has clarified that the rankings are based on data available till May 2014 and do not take into account measures taken by the new government.
India's ranking originally stood at 134 last year, but has been now adjusted to 140 by the World Bank to account for fresh data. In 2006, when the index was launched, India ranked 116th.
According to the World Bank, India scored much higher than its overall ranking (142) in protecting minority investors (rank 7) and in ensuring credit (rank 36), but lagged behind in other parameters such as granting construction permits (184) and enforcing contracts (rank 186). ( Read the full story here )
Overall, India scored above its rank in ensuring electricity (137), registering property (121), trading across borders (126) and resolving insolvency (137), but ranked poorly in starting a business (158) and paying taxes (156) weighed on the composite standing.
The fall in rankings illustrates the urgent need for action in categories that involve interface with the government such as paying taxes, construction permits, etc.
Analysts say the new government has taken up the challenge seriously. In a report published last week, global brokerage Nomura said the Modi government has made "commendable progress" in improving the ease of doing business in India.
"There has been a move towards faster processes and less regulation... and the government is considering an amendment to labour laws," said Nomura's Sonal Varma.
The positive sentiment was today echoed by World Bank officials too. To a question whether India will be able to climb the rankings quickly, Augusto Lopez-Claros said, "There is no reason, why not? There are many examples of countries who through focused efforts, through intelligently designed reforms have managed to make very substantial improvement."
If India is able to improve its credentials as a business-friendly destination, it will be able to attract the much-needed foreign direct investment, which according to Deutsche Bank has averaged less than 2 per cent of GDP over the past decade.
An improvement in ease of doing business will also ensure "a better regulatory framework for development, job creation and growth," said Kaushik Basu, chief economist of the World Bank.
(With inputs from PTI)
Story first published on: October 29, 2014 17:03 (IST)

Samsung approved by US for handling classifi...Samsung devices approved by US for handling classified info
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Galaxy IPSEC Virtual Private Network
(The company said the devices…)
NEW DELHI: Korean handset maker Samsung today said its galaxy range of devices based on KNOX platform have been approved by the US government to handle the full range of classified information.
The company said this accomplishment is the direct result of its successful testing and certification under the US government's common criteria mobile device fundamental protection profile (MDFPP) and VPN protection profile (VPNPP) programmes.
"After completing ten memoranda of agreements (MOAs), the government added the Galaxy S4, Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 10.1 (2014 Edition), Galaxy Note Edge , Galaxy Alpha, Galaxy Tab S 8.4, Galaxy Tab S 10.5 and the Galaxy IPSEC Virtual Private Network (VPN) client to the commercial solutions for classified (CSfC) Programme component list," Samsung said in a statement.
The company said the devices are available for use with classified government networks and data and all devices and capabilities incorporate security features powered by Samsung KNOX .
"The inclusion of Samsung mobile devices on the CSfC list proves the unmatched security of Samsung Galaxy devices supported by the KNOX platform," Samsung Electronics CEO and president of IT and mobile business J K Shin said.
Earlier this year, Samsung mobile devices were officially included on the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) Department of Defense approved products list for sensitive but unclassified use.
Samsung said the CSfC list for high security solutions supplements the DISA listing, enabling the US government and its contractors to create composed solutions meeting the full range of US government security objectives.
"Samsung is the only manufacturer with mobile devices on both lists," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex roars over 200 points | End of QE today; no worry for D-StreetSensex surges over 200 points; Nifty ends near 8100
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 04.47PM IST
(The 30-share index ended…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex, after being rangebound for most part of the session, gained momentum in the last one hour of trade to finish near day's high.
According to analysts, sentiment on global markets turned bullish on hopes that the US Federal Reserve may not signal earlier-than-expected rate hike at the FOMC meeting.
The Sensex is only 257 points away from its all-time high of 27,354.99 and 222 from all time closing high of 27,319, recorded on September 8.
If the global markets remain supportive and the rally continues, the benchmarks may hit fresh highs in next couple of sessions.
The 30-share index ended at 27,098.17, up 217.35 points or 0.81 per cent. It touched a high of 27,126.30 and a low of 26,971.16 in trade today.
The Nifty closed at 8,090.45, up 62.85 points or 0.78 per cent. It touched a high of 8,097.95 and a low of 8,052.25 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index gained 0.52 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index was 0.62 per cent higher.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 1.47 per cent, the S&P BSE Oil & gas Index was 1.19 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 1.79 per cent.
The S&P BSE Bankex was 0.23 per cent lower, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index slipped 0.29 per cent.
The rally in Bank Nifty finally ran out of steam as bulls took a breather after seven-day upmove.
According to analysts, traders are booking profits in banks after the sharp surge and the index may consolidate in the near term.
Hindalco (up 5.95 per cent), Tata Steel (up 4.60 per cent), Tata Motors (up 3.41 per cent), Infosys (up 2.25 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (up 2.12 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
NTPC (1.52 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (1.11 per cent), Sun Pharmaceuticals (1.11 per cent), Bharti Airtel (0.81 per cent) and SBI (0.52 per cent) were among the top Sensex losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1,604 gainers against 1,362 losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Midcap bets which could be multibaggers | Dr Reddy s slips 3%; Q2 profit down 17%Hidden gems in midcaps that can become multibaggers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 03.17PM IST
(Analysts are advising investors…)
MUMBAI: The broader markets moved higher in trade today as retail investors continued buying stocks in anticipation of continuation of the rally as economy picks up.
Analysts are advising investors to stick to quality companies that have strong balance sheets and good corporate governance.
The momentum in the midcaps and largecaps is expected to continue in the long term with some short term jitters such as concerns of hike in interest rates in the US, slowdown in Europe and China and uptick in inflation back home.
Well many stocks from broader markets have rallied in the recent rally; analysts have picked stocks that have the potential to give solid returns in the long term.
Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India
Datamatics
Datamatics is one small company in the IT sector. It did not do anything recently. This is a stock I got around Rs 35 levels a year ago. Now it is around Rs 70. Look at the consolidated numbers of this company, everything is in place and this looks to be a good stock.
Nitta Gelatin India:
It is a Kerala-based company listed only with the BSE. They had some labour and environmental problems, but all these have been solved today.
It is a joint venture between the Kerala Government and Nitta Gelatin of Japan. It is a small company, but it has the potential to grow big and the stock is very illiquid.
HPCL:
The stock can double from the current levels. After many years, I bought a PSU company for my portfolio first time last year. Then HPCL was at around Rs 250 levels and today it has come to around 500 levels. They gave huge dividends also.
I prefer HPCL for the capability for its marketcap to go up more than others. If it is allowed to function commercially — with commercial freedom — then it will do wonders. This is a publicly-held company. It is wrong for the government not to allow this company to function commercially.
Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors
Thomas Cook:
As the economy grows, a lot of people will travel on business within India and abroad. One can look at names like Thomas Cook, which deals in holiday packages for flights travellers.
I am less inclined to look at the airlines at the moment because of all the problems that we know exist within the industry. I would like to find the suppliers to people's needs in the service sector.
Indian Hotels
The whole supply theme is going to play out over the next two years across all sectors. One of the companies service sector to look at is Indian Hotels.
It does not sound like a manufacturing company, but it supplies hotel rooms. If occupancy rates are growing at 50-60 per cent, then it is going to move up by 70 per cent.
This means huge operational gearing for this company. And, of course, they will have pricing power as well. So, it is about supplying things across different sectors.
Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities
Mangalam Cement
We are looking at price target of Rs 350 for Mangalam Cement. The opportunity in Mangalam is much more than most of the other companies. Cement as a sector is definitely good. You can pick up any of midcap cement companies and make money in it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra: Can Devendra Fadnavis deliverComments
Can chief minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis transform the state the way former chief ministers Narendra Modi and Nitish Kumar changed Gujarat and Bihar respectively or how Manohar Parrikar is changing Goa?
That is the big question as the new lean BJP government comes to power under Fadnavis on Friday.
If the BJP has to deliver on the aspirations of crores of Maharashtrians, Fadnavis will have to overcome the limitations of not having clear majority in the Assembly to make a substantial impact on the state in the next five years.
And he will have to prioritise on two aspects the BJP had been crying hoarse about in its poll campaign — development and a corruptionfree government.
“Coalition politics diluted the CM’s power. That needs to be reinstitutionalised for any real progress. Strong support must be given to the bureaucracy by getting the best people to man key departments," said B Venkatesh Kumar, political analyst.
And, therein perhaps lies the challenge for Fadnavis. If the young CM-elect has to do a Modi, he will have to dominate over his senior colleagues in the government like Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde besides tackling an unhappy Sena if it joins the government.
If the Sena does not join the government, Fadnavis will have to keep the NCP happy even as he takes corruption head on. On the face of it, these are mutually exclusive goals.
“Sitting in the opposition and running a government are two different things. It remains to be seen how Fadnavis overcomes these limitations. Can he take dynamic and speedy decisions to spur infrastructure if he is constantly worried about his government’s clean image. Can he get the bureaucracy out of its lethargy and wariness post the Adarsh and irrigation scam?" a senior bureaucrat said.
Experts feel even if Fadnavis delivers on a few key priorities, he will make a big change. “The top priorities should be infrastructure and improving governance.
The city’s makeover should be back on the agenda with certain key projects such as the transharbour link getting immediate priority.
Transformational legislations such as the Right to Services [also introduced as a bill by Fadnavis earlier], which promises timely delivery of citizen services whether it is registration of property or a licence, should be carried out,’’ said Sanjay Ubale, a former bureaucrat and CEO at Tata Infrastructure, who headed the Mumbai makeover in 2003, before leaving the IAS service.
 

Sensex Gains Over 200 Points  Ends Above 27 000 for First Time in Over a MonthYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Surges Over 200 Points, Ends Above 27,000
NDTV | Updated On: October 29, 2014 15:53 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
BSE Sensex and Nifty rose sharply today, buoyed by a rally in global markets ahead of the US Federal Reserve policy statement. The US Federal Reserve wraps up its two-day policy meeting later today. World stocks rose on Wednesday, lifted by strong corporate earnings and investor optimism that the US Federal Reserve won't raise interest rates for some time, even as it is expected to officially wind down its bond-buying stimulus programme. The Sensex ended above 27,000 for first time in over a month after it gained 217 points. The Sensex closed at 27,098 while Nifty ended at 8,090, up 62.85 points.
Top Things to Know
Auto stocks were in limelight with Tata Motors, M&M, Eicher Motors, Maruti and Bajaj Auto rising between 1.6 per cent and 3.4 per cent.
Among other bluechips, Infosys added over 2 per cent and Reliance Industries advanced 1.8 per cent.
Some profit-taking was seen in banking stocks after a seven-day rally. Banking stocks have gained sharply in past seven sessions in hopes of earlier-than-expected rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India. PNB, Bank of Baroda and SBI fell today.
Also impacting the sentiment on banking stocks, Moody's Investors Service said high leverage in the Indian corporate sector could prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality at lenders over the next 12-18 months. It maintained its "negative" outlook on the country's banking sector.
Metal stocks also saw strong buying action today with Hindalco rising over 6 per cent to be the biggest gainer among Nifty stocks. Tata Steel, and JSPL rose over 4 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE midcap index rising over 0.5 per cent.
The rupee gave up early gains and was trading flat in recent trade at 61.31 against previous close of 61.32/33.
The US Federal Reserve ends its two-day policy meeting later today at which it is expected to end its bond purchases known as quantitative easing three (QE3), amid signs of strength in the US economy. Investors would be keenly awaiting the next guidance from the Federal Reserve on whether it will hike US interest rates sooner or keep them lower for longer.
The Federal Reserve is likely to reinforce its stated willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets. (With Agency Inputs)
 

World Shares Rise as Investors Put Faith in Fed s MessageIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
London: World stocks rose on Wednesday, lifted by strong corporate earnings and investor optimism that the US Federal Reserve won't raise interest rates for some time, even as it is expected to officially wind down its bond-buying stimulus programme.
Europe's main indices followed the overnight lead from Wall Street and Asia, although the third-quarter earnings reports out of Europe weren't quite as solid as those from the United States.
The dollar was under light selling pressure and major government bond yields were marginally lower, as currency and fixed income markets anticipated a soothing message from the Fed when it ends its two-day policy meeting later in the day.
Germany's DAX was up almost 1 per cent in early trade, Britain's FTSE was up half a per cent, and France's CAC 40 up a third of one per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 1.1 per cent and Japan's Nikkei share average climbed 1.5 per cent.
"Markets are banking on the prospect that the Federal Reserve will do everything in its power to anchor interest rate expectations at, or below, current levels," said Michael Hewson, chief strategist at CMC Markets in London.
"Any attempt to alter the (policy statement's) language in anything other than a dovish fashion could well see markets take fright," he said.
The Fed is widely expected to announce it will end its two-year-old stimulus programme known as quantitative easing three, as the US economy continues to gather momentum. The Fed started buying bonds as far back as late 2008.
Still, Fed officials have also stressed they are in no hurry to take policy tightening a step further by raising rates from near zero levels due to subdued inflation and the poor quality of a recovery in labour markets.
Upbeat US earnings so far have also eased worries that corporate profits might be squeezed by sluggish global growth. With 245 companies in the S&P 500 having reported earnings so far for the third quarter, 73.5 per cent have beat analyst expectations, according to Thomson Reuters. Over the past four quarters, 67 per cent of companies have beat estimates.
The picture in Europe isn't quite so rosy. About a third of companies listed on the STOXX Europe 600 benchmark index have reported results so far this earnings season, with 67 per cent of them meeting or beating profit forecasts, and 59 per cent meeting or beating revenue forecasts, according to Thomson Reuters Starmine data.
On Wednesday, Germany's largest lender Deutsche Bank announced a third-quarter net loss, and French oil major Total said net adjusted profit fell 2 per cent.
In other European corporate news, shares in French pharma group Sanofi slumped 5 per cent after the company's board said it had decided to oust chief executive Chris Viehbacher.
In currency trading, the dollar was down 0.2 per cent against the Japanese yen at 107.90 yen and the euro was little changed at $1.2730, close to Tuesday's one-week high of $1.2765.
The yield on benchmark 10-year US Treasury bonds was down a basis point at 2.275 per cent, as was the German Bund yield at 0.87 per cent.
Italian government borrowing costs fell more steeply, prompting a similar move across peripheral euro zone bond markets, after the European Commission gave a tentative thumbs-up to Rome's 2015 budget.
Italy, like France, has been campaigning for Brussels to afford it greater fiscal flexibility in order to nurture fragile economic growth, although their original budget proposals had to be tweaked.
Ten-year Italian yields dropped 4 basis points to 2.51 per cent. Spanish equivalents, which tend to trade in lock step with their southern neighbour, also dropped 4 basis points to 2.11 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt to set up 15 tech centres to scale up SME clustersGovt to set up 15 tech centres to scale up SME clusters
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
The Government is setting up 15 new technology centres to scale up competitiveness of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) through clusters.
Announcing this at CII’s 7th National Cluster Summit here on Wednesday, Madhav Lal, Secretary, MSME Ministry, said “capacity building in areas of cost, productivity, design and soft skills training can altogether transform the growth trajectory of an existing enterprise without a need to invest in infrastructural requirements like land, machinery etc.”
Lal also launched the CII-ZED clusters, which aim to focus on fast-track competence building of the Indian manufacturing sector through intervention in areas like discipline, team work, ‘zero defect, zero effect’ on environment, the Confederation of Indian Industry said in a statement.
Harbhajan Singh, Director General, National Productivity Council, said, “the process of formation of clusters using the Lean Manufacturing Competitiveness Scheme must be simplified”, adding that there was need to motivate the MSME sector.”
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Panasonic to foray into Sri Lankan marketPanasonic to foray into Sri Lankan market
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Technology major Panasonic India today said that it will foray into the fast-growing Sri Lankan market with its range of mobile phones across various price points.
The Sri Lankan market has a massive potential for growth in the mobile phone industry and there is a huge untapped telecom consumer segment offering a favourable opportunity for Panasonic to establish itself as a credible force in this market, it said in a statement.
“With the entry into this market, our ultimate aim will be to cater all customer segments in the country and build a strong and robust distribution network,” Panasonic India and South Asia Managing Director Manish Sharma said.
Panasonic has recently designated India as the sixth strategic region, which will take care of SAARC nations, West Asia and Africa.
“It is in line with this aim that we are today marking our entry in this region, given the huge market potential that exists in the country. We have also ventured into the Nepal smartphone market and Panasonic is looking forward towards building a stronger brand presence across regions,” Sharma said.
Over the last five years, Sri Lanka has witnessed a surge in subscriber base driven by a combination of factors such as increasing household incomes, expanding mobile network coverage and increasing competition between mobile operators.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

AkzoNobel launches Dulux VisualizerTweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Global paint company AkzoNobel on Wednesday launched an app ‘Dulux Visualizer’ which allows you to virtually decorate your room with a colour of your choice using augmented reality and videos.
Rajiv Rajgopal, Director, Decorative Paints, AkzoNobel India, said, “The app which is free for download has Dulux products on offer linked to its stores.”
On the importance of the Indian market, Jeremy Rowe, Managing Director, Decorative Paints, South East and South Asia, AkzoNobel, said, “India is the third largest market for the company after US and China and we have made significant investments in strengthening our capabilities here. We have around 10 per cent share of the market in India and in the premium segment, it is over 20 per cent.”
'ColourFutures2015'
The company also released the latest edition of its annual global study of colour trends ‘ColourFutures2015’ unveiling copper orange as the colour of the year.
On the strategy for operations in India, Rajgopal said that the company is strengthening the proposition on its brands.
“For example, the advertisements on Velvet Touch and Weather Shield. We have also imported a concept which was running in the South East Asian countries – Super Clean which has a stain repelling technology – and is performing well in the market,” he added.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Intas sues Arinna Lifesciences for trademark violationHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Intas sues Arinna Lifesciences for trademark violation
R V Vora
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Oct 29:  
Ahmedabad-based drug maker, Intas Pharmaceuticals, today informed that the company has approached the Delhi High Court citing trademark violation by Arinna Lifesciences, and has got an ex-parte injunction against the sale of its anti-epilepsy drug Valrope.
In a statement issued on Wednesday, Intas claimed that Arinna's Valrope is similar to Intas’ well-established brand ‘Valprol’, which has been in the market since 1991.
Intas further stated that the court by its order has restrained "Arinna Lifesciences from using, advertising, marketing, selling or using on the Internet or as a domain name or in any manner whatsoever the trademark/name Valrope or any other mark/name which is identical and deceptively similar to Intas’ trademark Valprol till further orders''.
The court has also passed the order stating that Intas “has been able to make prima facie case for protection its trademark and if injunction is not granted, the organisation will suffer irreparable loss and injury,” the company statement said quoting the court order.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

E-commerce cos set for consolidation: reportE-commerce cos set for consolidation: report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
The multi-billion dollar Indian e-commerce industry is set to see consolidation in the next 4-5 years with only 2-3 big players surviving the market “bloodbath”, research firm Spire Research and Consulting said.
Many smaller firms would not be able to keep up the momentum and would either shut shop or be acquired by bigger players, the firm added.
“There is going to be a bloodbath in the market. It will all depend upon a company’s capacity to bear losses. In the next 4-5 years, we expect only 2-3 big players to be present in the Indian e-commerce market,” Spire Research and Consulting Senior Director (Singapore and India) Japnit Singh said here.
However, there is going to be an exception to this trend, he added.
“We expect firms which are serving a particular geography or focussed on particular locations could survive this scenario,” Singh said.
Spire Research also released its quarterly white paper, ’India’s E-Tailing Industry — Seller’s Perspective’ 2014.
According to the report, over 54 per cent of businesses reported a growth of more than 20 per cent since going online in revenue sales.
The survey was done across 13 states on 300 retailers through one-on-one, online and telephonic communications.
According to the white paper, businesses in the apparel (82 per cent) and food (80 per cent) sectors seem to have an advantage by going online as compared to consumer electronics (72 per cent).
Moreover, consumer electronics seem to have a lower potential as consumers are more inclined to be involved in the purchasing process.
“There is expected growth from other sectors as well which consist of baby products, books, home decor and jewellery. Spire also forecasts that by 2020, 45 per cent of businesses will see their online share grow to between 20-50 per cent of sales,” the white paper said.
On the other hand, businesses were expected to gain sales revenue from traditional/offline channels with sellers following a dual strategy of combining online with offline sales, it added.
The white paper also revealed that e-tailing space will eventually be dominated by a few large capital heavy firms given the need for nationwide logistics infrastructure and a currently limited consumer base.
At the same time, Tier II and III cities are expected to have a faster adoption rate with greater sales margins derived directly from online channels. These channels will follow integrated strategy combining both offline and online sales.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

India has 2nd largest proportion of highly paid expats: SurveyIndia home to second largest proportion of highly paid expats, says survey
Our Bureau
Expats in India report greater savings on everyday expenses and have substantial disposable income as compared to their countries
18% of expats in India draw over $250,000 per year in salary, report greater savings
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
India is home to the second largest proportion of high-earning expatriates in the world after China and ahead of countries such as Switzerland, Russia and Hong Kong - according to the seventh Expat Explorer survey by HSBC Expat.
The Expat Explorer survey, conducted by YouGov, shared views of nearly 9,300 expats from around the world on the quality of life, financial well being and the ease of raising a family abroad.
In all, 18% of expats working in India draw a salary of $250,000 or more every year while 29% expats in China earn similar annual salary, according to the survey. The proportion of expats drawing similar salaries is 17% in Switzerland and 16% each in Russia and Hong Kong, the survey report said.
The survey also revealed that expats in India also report greater savings on everyday expenses and have substantial disposable income when compared to their home countries. Expats in India spend less on utilities (43%), groceries (42%), clothing (42%), healthcare (41%), housing (40%) and household goods (40%).
Sanjiv Sud, Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, HSBC India, said: “India as a country offers exciting career opportunities for expatriates who have the right skill-set and global experience. With robust GDP growth projections, multinationals setting up shops here and Indian corporates hiring overseas talent to lead their businesses, the country will continue to offer lucrative career prospects to expatriates.”
Sectors in the limelight
New-age sectors such as telecommunication, information technology and internet account for 21% of total expats working in India followed by construction and engineering (19%), the survey showed. In all, 23% of expats working in India are from United Kingdom followed by the United States (14%) and Japan and Canada at 7% each.
The age profile of expats working in India is fairly spread with 50% of them in the age bracket of 35-54 years and 43% in the range of 18-34 years, the survey revealed.
Destination Switzerland
Switzerland is ranked as the number one country by expats looking for a well-balanced, high quality lifestyle - followed by Singapore, China, Germany and Bahrain while India stood 9th in the list.
Many expats in Switzerland comment on the country’s high quality of air and pleasant surroundings, with three quarters (75%) agreeing that this is an improvement on their home country. Expat parents report that Switzerland offers benefits for families too, believing their offspring are now safer (81%), enjoy a better quality of life (77%) and receive a better education (65%), the survey showed.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Cigital acquires SaaS-based security testing firm iViZCigital acquires SaaS-based security testing firm iViZ
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Software security services provider Cigital will acquire iViZ Security, a cloud-based web and mobile application security testing services firm for an undisclosed amount.
Founded in 2006 by former IITians, iViZ Security is a 60-people product company. The IDG Ventures funded-firm recorded a revenue growth of 57 per cent last year.
The firm built the world’s first automated and on-demand testing product allowing companies to use a self-serve ethical hacking platform on the cloud.
“Our vision is to help organisations stay one step ahead of hackers by making penetration testing scalable and affordable through product innovations,” iViZ CEO Bikash Barai said.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Sandvik plans to set up new unit at ChakanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sandvik plans to set up new unit at Chakan
Mamuni Das
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
Sandvik, a Swedish industrial group, has announced plans to set up a manufacturing and R&D facility at Chakan, with $45-million investment in the first phase.
The facility will receive strategic investment over the next five years, the company said, adding that decision on additional investments will be taken based on the market conditions.
Development of the facility will commence in mid-2015 and it is expected to be operational by 2016.
It will hire 100 people for the R&D facility at Chakan over the next few years. The company already has six manufacturing units in India – two in Pune and one each in Mehsan, Hosur, Hyderabad and Chiplun.
The new manufacturing facility will deliver products catering to Sandvik’s businesses which include products and solutions for metal cutting, mining and construction as well as high value-added products in advanced stainless steels, special alloys and titanium as well as metallic and ceramic resistance materials.
This state-of-the-art facility will also host Sandvik’s Group R&D centre and help the company support customers and lead research projects at a global level.
Olof Faxander, President and CEO, Sandvik AB said, “This is the next phase of our evolution in India. We have a strong foundation in India already and this new world-class manufacturing facility will help us further innovate and create solutions for India’s emerging needs under the visionary ‘Make in India’ initiative.”
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Microsoft launches Nokia 130 in IndiaNew Delhi, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 19:32 IST
Microsoft launches Nokia 130 in India
PTI
mobile phones
Microsoft Devices on Monday launched entry level dual-sim mobile phone ‘Nokia 130’, having built-in music player with up to 46 hours continuous playback on a single charge, for Rs. 1,649 in India.
“The Nokia 130 is a perfect device for consumers who are looking for their first mobile phone, or for those looking for a rock-solid backup phone to use alongside their smartphone,” Nokia India Sales Marketing Director Raghuvesh Sarup said in a statement.
Nokia India Sales is subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy.
The mobile phone has 1.8 inch color display, promises standby time of up to 36 days. Nokia 130 claims to support 13 hours talk time on 2G network or 46 hours music playback and 16 hours video playback on one time full battery charge.
The phone has the ability to store up to 6,000 songs on a 32 GB memory card. It also comes with Bluetooth-enabled application and USB connectivity for sharing files.
“The Nokia 130 will be available from today in India at a best buy price of Rs. 1,649,” the statement added.

Schools in grave dangerUpdated: October 28, 2014 01:24 IST
Schools in grave danger
The Hindu TIME TO STUDY: Schools have an objective, learning, and the process demands both teachers and students to be engaged. Picture shows students in a government school in Chennai. Photo: M. Karunakaran
TOPICS
education
With public schools not performing and private schools teaching students to compete rather than learn, India’s primary sites of education are at risk
The Rajasthan government recently decided to close down more than 17,000 schools, the Maharashtra government decided to close down about 14,000 schools and the Odisha government is closing down 195 schools because of low attendance by students. These are not stray incidents, but indicate the decline of the public education system.
The problem with the private school system can be illustrated with an example. Recently, a parent described to me what teachers in his son’s school said to him regarding the child’s poor performance in studies. Science, social science and English teachers in the school asked him, the father, to solve the problem! Are “incomplete work or misbehaviour... during school hours... not the responsibility of the teachers to handle?” the perplexed man wondered. “If my son misbehaves in [the] house or does not read or write what we tell him to, we as parents handle it. We do not take it up with the teacher. Why [do] teachers nowadays take up everything with the child’s parents,” he asks. He opines that the “teacher has to be responsible for reading and writing and the parent has to be the facilitator by buying books, pens and pencils.”
This is a trend that persists in middle and upper-end private schools and is now catching on in lower-end schools too.
The decline of public schools
Public schools are dying out simply because they don’t perform. The problem began in the late 1950s and 60s when there was growth in the number of schools, but no adequate attention was being paid to infrastructure and availability of trained teachers. In most States, teachers were paid meagre salaries and administration was inefficient. A large number of teachers in States like Rajasthan were untrained. All this affected the quality of education. Teachers lost motivation and became disgruntled.
Some governments started devolving the job of teacher administration to the Panchayati Raj in the late 1950s. This brought in the local politician, who interfered with teachers’ transfers. This and other factors such as a lack of facilities in schools, low salaries and irregularity in disbursement of salaries caused the problem of teacher absenteeism in States like Rajasthan. This led to the growth of a self-centred attitude in newly emerging teacher unions, who began to think of their own welfare first and foremost without giving much thought to the functioning of schools or the quality of education. One can hardly blame them for this attitude.
“The lack of understanding of what education demands and the flawed policies of the past have resulted in the closing down of schools today”
Rather than seriously addressing the problems, education planners and administrators devised quick-fix and inexpensive initiatives to address the growing demand for education. Some important factors that contributed to this mindset were the demand for more schools, the lack of financial and other resources, the pressure of democratic polity to be seen as addressing the problems, and a lack of concern. This mindset can be clearly seen in all the programmes initiated after the 60s — non-formal education, Shiksha Karmi, the District Primary Education Programme (DPEP), and Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA). At each stage these initiatives were critiqued, and obvious problems in conceptualisation and planning were clearly indicated by many educationists. But they also found their advocates who built a certain kind of rhetoric to support them and advanced that rhetoric as examples of educational change.
The idea of school
One fundamental problem in these initiatives is that they undermine the very concept of school. Schools have an objective — learning — and the process demands both teachers and students to be engaged. There is a time and place set aside for the exploration of ideas in a sustained and coherent manner, and for the development of intellectual rigour and mental discipline. All this is not possible without careful selection of what is to be learnt and a sound judgment on how to teach. Therefore, the school as an organised space demands professional knowledge, deep sensitivity towards the intellectual and emotional needs of the children, and pedagogical judgment on the part of teachers. When all these are pitted against each other, the idea of school is distorted. This is precisely what our education system has been doing for the last five decades.
For example, the non-formal education scheme spent crores of rupees, and was implemented throughout the country from the late 1960s to the early 1990s. The scheme completely discarded the ideas of professional knowledge in teaching, teacher training and educational planning and thus sent a signal throughout the country that anyone can teach. It also discarded the idea of well-equipped separate spaces for schools; thus paying little heed to the need for any infrastructure. It ignored the intellectual demands of both teachers and students. Overall, it devalued education, the teacher, and the idea of school.
By the time the failure of this flawed scheme was realised, many innovators were ready with other initiatives such as Shiksha Karmi in Rajasthan. The DPEP was almost ready to be launched. The balance between professional knowledge, intellectual rigour, sensitivity to the child and infrastructural needs was never restored in any of these programmes, including SSA. This apparent lack of understanding of what good education demands and the flawed policies of the past have resulted in the closing down of schools today.
Methods of learning
Meanwhile, the private sector stepped in to cash in on parental anxiety regarding the state of education. Private schools are growing at a phenomenal rate now. Some analysts think that while the public education system is deteriorating, the private system is going from strength to strength.
This false perception is perhaps deliberately created. Private schools function for profit; this fact itself counters the idea of a caring school. A good school is where knowledge is cherished, where intellect is developed, where there is sensitivity towards the child and where there are adequate resources. Maximisation of profit prompts the owners to emphasise on competition rather than conceptual learning. Children in private schools are forced to learn by rote — and this undermines the value of understanding. Actual learning demands conceptual clarity, and is difficult and time consuming. Private schools naturally encourage the first method. In other words, they impoverish the very idea of learning to dilute the demands for a good school.
However, the most damaging aspect of the private schooling system is that private schools do not want to take responsibility for the moral growth and behaviour of the child. Their ideal is to turn themselves into consultant agencies. If a child has moral and behavioural problems, these schools will call the parents to solve the problem. For academic weaknesses they advise private tuitions. In either case, they abdicate the responsibility of an educator. Their own job thus becomes minimised, which suits better margins of profit.
The twin maladies of losing children in government schools and minimising the idea of school in the private sector are putting our schools in grave danger. We as a society seem to be far from realising that civilisations depend on education and schools are primary sites of education. If schools die, civilisations deteriorate. Unless we recognise the need for rigour in understanding, planning and implementation in education, we will be unable to arrest this downward trend and our schools will either close down or transform into consultancy services, leaving the space open for tuition shops. Of course, this turning around will demand appropriate political and economic decisions.
(Rohit Dhankar is professor and director, academic development at Azim Premji University, Bangalore, and honorary secretary, Digantar, Jaipur.)

How you would fix Social Security: Raise the retirement ageBy Martha M. Hamilton October 28
(Illustration by Melinda Beck)
About a month ago, the Post invited readers to chime in on what they thought were the best ways to  fix Social Security . 
With the help of the  Center for Retirement Research , we presented an array of 12 solutions commonly suggested for the retirement system, which is projected to be so depleted that it will be unable to pay full benefits by 2033.  Then we asked readers to pick the options they would consider.
 
This week we’re reporting on the solutions that have resonated with the most readers. We’re tallying the results we’ve seen so far, but you can still  check out the graphic  and choose the solutions you think would work best. 
We did it once, so why not do it again? Raise the retirement age, that is.
That was the second most popular choice among readers, included in 45 percent of the votes. ( Taxing higher earnings was the first choice.)
Maybe it had a familiar ring to it. In 1983, the last time there was federal action to address Social Security’s financial problems, it included gradually increasing the retirement age from 65 to 67–emphasis on g-r-a-d-u-a-l-l-y.
The first increase didn’t kick in until 20 years later, in 2003 when the full retirement age jumped from 65 to 65 and two months. It’s been rising slowly since then, and won’t get to 67 until 2027.
There are several reasons why this approach often comes up, said David M. Certner, legislative counsel and director of legislative policy for government relations and advocacy at AARP. It saves money and it wouldn’t change benefits for many people, for instance those who are near or beyond the current full retirement age. And some people may not understand that it is, in fact, an across-the-board benefit cut, he said.
Right now, Certner noted, the majority of recipients take their Social Security benefits before they reach the full retirement age, with many of them taking it at the first possible opportunity, age 62. “When you take the benefit early, you take it at an actuarially reduced level,” he said.
In other words, because the same amount of money will be spread over more years, the yearly benefit will be reduced. For a 62-year-old taking benefits now, when the full retirement age is 66, the amount received is reduced by 25 percent. Raise the full retirement age to 70, and someone taking benefits at age 62 would see payments reduced by roughly twice as much, he said.
“When people talk about reducing benefits, they usually talk about at least let’s protect benefits for those who really need it, at the low end of the income scale,” he said. “And those are often the people who take benefits early.”
Even with the later retirement age, Social Security “has not kept pace with increasing longevity,” said Romina Boccia, the Grover M. Hermann fellow in federal budgetary affairs at The Heritage Foundation. When Social Security was adopted, men reaching age 65 could expect to spend 13 years in retirement , or 16 percent of their lifetimes, she said. Today a male retiree will live 18 years on average beyond 65 and spend 20 to 25 percent of his life collecting Social Security benefits.
“The Social Security program is more sustainable if people retire later,” she said. “People spending more years working also allows them to save more.”
While the idea of working later may not seem appealing, delaying the benefits may save the payments for when people need them the most, she said.
“It’s very clear that Americans at older ages, 80 or 95, are much more likely to have run out of alternate sources on income and savings and have a much greater need for Social Security than Americans 66 and 67,” Boccia said.
But Boccia noted that raising the retirement age may have a disproportionate effect on lower-income workers. “There are certainly populations, especially lower income populations who are engaged in more labor intensive types of work who tend to have shorter life expectancies than wealthier recipients,” she said. That might be addressed in other ways, she said.
Certner said that a member of Congress, whom he would not name, once told him that “the people supporting raising the retirement age are the ones who don’t have dirt under their fingernails.” Life expectancy has increased more for higher income individuals than lower income workers who often have no income but Social Security in retirement, he noted.
As for people working longer, “that only works if there are jobs for people,” Certner said. “The reality is companies are not rushing out to hire 65 or 69 year-olds.”
Read More:

Black money case: Centre discloses 8 more names to Supreme CourtBlack money case: Centre discloses 8 more names to Supreme Court
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 27:  
The Centre today disclosed before the Supreme Court eight more names, including that of Pradip Burman, one of Dabur India promoters, a bullion trader and Goa-based mining company, against whom it has started prosecution for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya and Goa-based mining company Timblo Pvt Ltd and its five directors were among the names that figured in the list which was filed in the Supreme Court by the Government.
The affidavit, filed days after the government came under attack from political rivals that it was chary of revealing names, said that these names have been received from French authorities and other countries.
Promising to disclose more names of black money holders who have come under its scanner, the government said that all foreign bank accounts cannot be termed as “illegal“.
The additional affidavit on the black money issue was filed today in furtherance of its affidavit recently when it had said that the names of account holders in foreign banks cannot be disclosed till there is evidence of tax evasion against them and prosecution is launched in India.
While Burman’s name was received from French authorities, the names of Lodhia and others have been received from “other countries''.
The list names Timblo Pvt Ltd and its directors Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. It was not clear whether the account holder is the company or its directors.
Shortly after the disclosure in the Supreme Court, Dabur India promoter family Burmans said that the account complied with all legal requirements.
“We wish to state that this account was opened when he (Pradip) was an NRI, and was legally allowed to open this account,” a Dabur spokesperson said in a statement.
“We have followed all the laws and the complete details regarding the account have been voluntarily, and as per law, filed with the Income-Tax Department, and appropriate taxes paid, wherever applicable,” he added.
Lodhiya denied having a Swiss bank account. “We have already declared in the income-tax and there is nothing...we don’t have any Swiss account that is the only thing which I can say,” he said.
Radha Timbo declined to comment on her name being mentioned in the affidavit, saying she has to first study it before commenting.
(This article was published on October 27, 2014)
Related

The backwards way we choose our political leadersBy Jena McGregor October 28 Follow @jenamcgregor
Democratic House candidate Seth Moulton, right. (AP Photo/Jim Davis, The Boston Globe)
With the midterm elections almost here, it's hard not to notice that there's something decidedly backwards about the way we choose our political leaders.
There's the tidal wave of cash and corporate influence that washes into each campaign. There's the voting law  controversy  in what's supposed to be a fair democratic system. There's the shrill and biting negativity that seems to overwhelm the process, prompting people to tune politics out at the very time they should most tune in.
And of course, there's the head-slapping notion that even though we characterize good leaders as selfless and humble , we elect them via a system that rewards big egos and overconfidence.
Some election season grandstanding by candidates is understandable, if a bit tiring — the get-to-know-me touting of their  business resume ,  volunteer service  or legislative  record  on the Hill. Other times, it crosses the line, with candidates embellishing details about their families  or exaggerating  their military service to appeal to voters.
And that, in short, is what makes me find  Seth Moulton 's story so remarkable. The democratic Congressional candidate for the sixth district in Massachusetts had defeated a sitting congressman, John Tierney, in the September primary. But then came an Oct. 18 investigation by the Boston Globe, which discovered that Moulton was hiding something: His military service was actually more impressive than he'd let on.
The Globe's Walter Robinson reported that Moulton hadn't just served as a Marine in Iraq; he was a twice decorated veteran who had received the Bronze Star medal for valor as well as the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation for valor . He received the medals for “fearlessly expos[ing] himself to enemy fire,” the Globe reported, while leading his platoon in Nasiriyah and Najaf.
Moulton hadn't even told his parents about the awards. Only his campaign manager, also a former Marine, knew of them.
When pressed by the Globe about why he hadn't spoken publicly of the medals, when most politicians would raise them at every campaign stop, Moulton said he was uncomfortable calling attention to them when others who did heroic things were not awarded. "There is a healthy disrespect among veterans who served on the front lines for people who walk around telling war stories," he told the Globe.
Moulton may not win. His race against Republican Richard Tisei has been called  close , with Tisei sitting on more cash while Moulton leads in fundraising. And even if Moulton does win, he'll have to show that his humility carries over into selfless acts and courageous votes in Congress.
But this country needs more of Moulton's modesty in its political leaders. Not just because it's nice to get a break from the boasting, but because it's an indicator that the politician's own career might take a back seat to serving the people he leads. Unfortunately, with a system that rewards braggarts and advances egos, we'll likely be waiting a long time to see such humility catch on.
Read also:

A father of eight explains why he hasnt saved a penny for his kids college educationBy Jonnelle Marte October 28 Follow @jonnelle
David T. Fagan is a father of eight who says he isn’t saving for his children’s college education. (Credit: Chris Kaiser)
David T. Fagan has eight kids and his oldest daughter is a senior in high school–and he hasn’t saved a penny for his children’s college education. But Fagan isn’t stressing. In fact, Fagan says he would prefer it if his children didn’t go to college at all.
Fagan and his wife lay out their parenting philosophy in new book Guerrilla Parenting , scheduled to be released in January, and say they encourage their children to strike out on their own and create businesses from the time they’re in elementary school. If the children are set on going to college — and their oldest is– Fagan says he expects his children to work, save up and earn scholarships. Or at the very least, they need to make a good case for how they’re going to use the degree to land a job and avoid ending up back on his couch.
Fagan, a marketing executive who lives in Orange County, Calif. with his wife, kids and two dogs, recently spoke with The Washington Post about the pros and cons of a college education and how he and his wife start teaching their children about money from the moment they start walking.
The conversation below has been edited for length and clarity.
Tell me about your family.
I’m the oldest of six kids and I grew up in a home where if I wanted anything my parents told me hey you have to go work for it. I actually left high school in 11th grade. Later on I did do a little bit of college, but never graduated. That carried over to when I had kids. You know, wanting them to have a customized education. Not so much about college and degrees. I think there’s a lot of wasted time there.
I think there’s are a lot of people out there who are not cut out for college. I’m raising my kids knowing that each one of them is different and that each one of them needs a little bit of an experience. A lot of my kids, they go to public school but I’ve taken my kids out of school before.
They’ve been home schooled at different times but for the most part they’re all in public schools. My oldest is 17, my youngest is two. It makes things interesting to say the least.
(Courtesy of David T. Fagan)
When you decided to leave school, was it because you wanted to start working?
I was just very independent and that’s maybe one of the downsides of having too much independence. Because my parents always had me do so much things and make money, by the time I was in 11th grade, I was bored. I wanted to experience things. I wanted to work and make money and be on my own.
I think I made my life harder than it needed to be at that age but out of that came me learning what my strengths were and learning what my weaknesses were and learning how to make money. I didn’t have a college education and I also looked really young so I had to learn how to communicate with people.
I moved from a small town in Oregon to California. I sold an electronics company into hiring me to sell electronics. Cell phones were just starting to get big and computers were also starting to get big so I sold computers. They usually didn’t hire people till they turned 18. I was 17 so I had to sell them on that.
I wanted to work, I wanted to make money. I wanted to be independent. I wanted to go out and do things.  But I think that’s kind of part of the problem and where a lot of teens fall short today. They’re starting to have their own dreams and ideas and instead of those things being fostered and experimented with, they’re being squashed and thrown to the side.
And unfortunately by the time they’re given that chance they have responsibilities and they have issues and they have other things going on. They have good habits and they have bad habits. All of a sudden life gets in the way and now it’s really hard. So I think early on they really need to experiment and to try things.
Are you trying to say that an education is important but if you don’t have an experience or a good work ethic, an education won’t go as far?
Mark Twain had a famous quote, “I have never let schooling interfere with my education.” And I just love that quote because it’s so true. There’s just so many things that can’t be done in the classroom. There’s so many things about the school system that are broken. That’s not news to anybody it’s just nobody’s brave enough to do something different.
So, what I’ve done with my own kids is my oldest was in first and second grade and I pulled her out of school because she just wasn’t doing very well and the teacher didn’t know what to do. So I brought her to the office with me. I gave her things to do.
Then she went back into school all the way back until the 7th grade and then in the 7th grade she was starting to do some different business stuff that I was helping her with, and other parents were saying, “Hey, how does your daughter do this or how does this work? And how does she earn all this money?” So I pulled her back out of school and started taking her on the road. I do a lot of speaking and presenting so I started taking her to conventions with me and I actually put her on stage. And I was like, “Hey you potential entrepreneurs out there, if I can teach a 12 year old girl how to do this you can do this. If I can teach a 12-year-old to start a business, you can start a business.”
So I helped her write a book and do some other things and gave her a lot of real world experience. But then in the 8th grade she went back to school and she probably had seen a little too much of the real world at a young age. Then her sophomore year we took her out of school again because she was having so many opportunities.
So she did a huge internship program with my office in Beverly Hills, and she did more traveling and she started a business called hireateentoday.com, which is a virtual assistant company made out of teenagers. Then in the 11th grade she wanted to date, she wanted to spend time with her friends.
She just wanted to be young. So she went back to school in the 11th grade and now she’s just getting ready to start the 12th grade and graduate and figure out what she wants to do next.
So much is customizing things. I think I do have some advantages that some parents don’t because I do have the ability to teach, I do have the ability to put them in different environments. But I think that’s stuff that other people can do too and that’s what we want to teach them too through this Guerrilla Parenting book.
How can children start making money when they’re young?
I’m big on teaching power plays. A power play to me is something you can do really quickly that will make you money. I’m always teaching people about proof of concept– getting things to market quickly.
One of the things my daughter, who just turned 13, will do to get money, she’ll go into an office complex and she’ll say, “I’m bringing in enchiladas tomorrow. Who wants some?” In an afternoon, she’ll sell 30 to 40 products.
She’ll do that in 24 hours and she’ll make herself a couple hundred bucks. She’s really good at sales, and that’s what I’m seeing specifically the potential in her. School is not going to teach her what I think she needs to learn next to develop those talents so I want to help her do that.
Related: How to pass money on to your children
How early do you start teaching your kids about the concept of money and how it’s made?
Very early. But it’s not so much about just money. It’s really a mindset. And I find the mindset is really about teaching kids if you want something, figure it out and then show them how to get it. So the mindset starts at a year-and a half, two years old.
If I’m at a store or if we’re at a restaurant, I’ll ask them, “What do you want?” And they’ll say, “I want to order this.” “Well you tell the waitress, you tell the person at the counter.” And that may sound really silly but some kids are really shy. And if my kids won’t ask for it, they won’t get it. So just getting them in the mindset of what do you want and what are you willing to do to get it, even if maybe it makes you feel a little uncomfortable.
That is the biggest problem with our society right now. You very rarely see two or three generations of success in a row because that one person gets the success and what do they say? They say, “I never want my kid to go through what I went through.” When what they went through was exactly what made them a success.
Related: It turns out millennials are actually really good at saving
So what do they do? “I’m going to send you to the best school. I’m going to send you to the best college. I’m going to give you this, I’m going to give you that. I’m going to give you all the things I never had” –without them ever having to work for it. And so by giving them things they’re kind of condemning them to a life of mediocrity.
That’s what I’m trying to show people. Help your kids figure out what they want and then make them do their part to get it.
Walk me through the rules of the house. If one of your kids wants to go to college, who pays for it?
My kids all know that if they want to go to college they’ve got to pay for it. They also know I’m a deal maker and negotiator and when the time comes they can pitch me whatever they want to pitch me. But the rules are I’m not paying for anybody’s college. I might pay for an individual class that they might sell me on or whatever. But I’m just not a believer.
You can ask anyone of my kids. “Is your dad going to pay for college? No.”
So what are you going to do? You’d better get a scholarship, you’d better get good grades. I think we’re putting the emphasis on the wrong thing. The emphasis is on “you’ve got to go to college.” The emphasis should be on, “You’ve got to become self-reliant. You’ve got to take care of yourself.”
I use this one Venn Diagram a lot where three circles all overlap in the middle. One circle is everything you love to do. Make another list of everything you know how to do what you’re good at doing. And then the other circle is, what are the things people will pay you to do? And where that overlaps in the middle. that’s the sweet spot. That’s where total success is at.
So I’m more concerned with the journey of helping my kids figure out what that looks like. What do they love, what are they good at, and who will pay them the most money for those things?
College might help you learn what you love, college might help you learn all three of those areas. But it’s a method. It’s a process. It’s a tool, it’s a resource. It’s not the destination. Too many people go to college as if that is the finish line. And that’s why you see all these people sleeping on their parents’ couches.
Related: How much do you need to make to afford your student loans?
I have friends who are attorneys and things like that they basically say “David I was just told that when I graduated I would turn into money, I would be instantly rich. But you know, here I am now. I’m an attorney, and there’s a ton of attorneys and now I have to learn business.” So all the focus is on the wrong thing.
So many groups are trying to raise awareness to the fact that an education alone does not lead to success and many employers emphasize work experience. But the numbers still show that the people who have college degrees earn more on average than people who don’t. So how do you balance that?
Ask yourself this: Who are the people who make the most money overall? What are the careers? Sales people. Entrepreneurs. Maybe only 10 percent to 20 percent of those sales people or entrepreneurs are really doing well but that 10 to 20 percent of those people are drastically slanting the numbers against anything else. And I would even go as far as saying that again, are we asking the right question? You’re saying, “who is making the most money?” But money doesn’t equal happiness.
People aren’t defining happiness by the second home, the boat, the fancy corner office. The fancy title. More and more people are starting to value experiences and stability to make a decent living. To have friends. To travel, to have a hobby. To be able to have a vacation, to be able to have a balanced life. We don’t care so much about the savings account, which maybe is a problem that is going to come back to bite us. But we want to enjoy life now. We don’t want to put off our dreams till later because we don’t know if there’s going to be a tomorrow. There used to be more stability in the marketplace.
It used to be “I’m going to go to get a college education and go work for a company because it’s more stable.” But it’s not anymore. Companies are going out of business all the time. Companies merge all the time. Companies are sending jobs overseas all the time.
It may still be that college kids and corporations are the safer thing but that’s changing. It’s changing fast. I think it’s going to keep changing so if you want happiness and self-reliance then learn how to monetize your knowledge and your experiences and learn how to live a life by your own design.
So if your children do decide they do want to save money to go to college, how are you advising them to do that?
My second oldest daughter Taylor, who is 15, is perfect for college. She is saving a little bit. She’s a 4.0 student. She’s won awards for being a student athlete. I believe that she is one of those people that she is designed for school. She should go to college. She probably will become an attorney or something like that. But even then I’m going to say “okay now you have a law degree, open up your own practice but don’t go to work for someone else. Or go work for someone else for a while and then open up your own practice so you can be in control of your own destiny.”
But I wouldn’t be surprised if she graduated high school, went to college, got married, had kids. Maybe did something else on the side. But lived life totally happy, totally content and totally by design even though education played a big role in it.
Read More:

Vanished Broncos Fanvia Good Morning America
Paul Kitterman, second from left, poses for a photo with his stepson, Jarod... View Full Caption Courtesy of Tia Bakke
Paul Kitterman, second from left, poses for a photo with his stepson, Jarod Tonneson, left, and two family friends shortly before his disappearance at a Denver Broncos game on Oct. 23, 2014. Close Courtesy of Tia Bakke
Share
Copy
Paul Kitterman, the 53-year-old father who went missing during halftime at Thursday's Denver Broncos-San Diego Chargers game, has been found safe, police said.
Denver Police made the announcement on their Twitter account: "DPD confirming that Paul Kitterman has been located and is safe after going missing from the Bronco Game." Later they added: "Paul Kitterman was located in Pueblo, Colorado. Again, he is unharmed. All questions should be directed to the family."
He was later relocated with his family, his stepson Jarod Tonneson confirmed.
Pueblo is about 115 miles south of Denver, and more than 200 miles from Kitterman's hometown of Kremmling, Colo.
Kitterman seemed to be happy and behaving normally before his disappearance Thursday night, his companions said, and told them that the experience of going to his first Broncos home game was "awesome."
Soon afterwards, he vanished.
Police let officials at Sports Authority Field dig through the game's surveillance footage, a process that began Monday, because of their expertise with the camera setups, Denver Police Department spokesman Sonny Jackson said Tuesday. Any intriguing moments on the tapes were to be flagged for police.
Kitterman was sitting with Tonneson after going to the game with friend Tia Bakke and another friend, who were sitting in a different section. He was last seen by his son when he left to go meet those friends around halftime.
Courtesy of Tia Bakke
PHOTO: Paul Kitterman, pictured here, had plans to go hunting with his stepson, Jarod Tonneson, on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, according to his friend, Tia Bakke, but Kitterman went missing at a Denver Broncos game the night before.
Kitterman, a construction worker and ranch hand from Kremmling, did not have his cell phone or any credit cards -- and only had about $50 cash -- when he went to the game, Bakke told ABC News.
"He would never bail on his son or anyone, so by Friday night we knew something was really, really, wrong," Bakke told ABC News.
Police were not actively searching on foot for Kitterman because there was no indication a crime occurred, they said.
Besides the analysis of the surveillance footage, much of the search appeared to be in the hands of friends passing out fliers.
"We searched the stadium we have been going to hospitals," Tonneson said. "We have just been all over the place."
Tonneson, who also works as a construction worker, was one of Kitterman's few regular contacts in the area because Tonneson's parents and siblings live out of state, according to The Associated Press.
"He wouldn't just take off, you know?" Tonneson told the AP. "He wouldn't leave me there."
ABC News' Carol McKinley, Jennifer Metz and Johah Lustig contributed to this report.
Join the Discussion

Smoke gets in your ice at Willies Brew & QueBy Fritz Hahn October 28 Follow @fritzhahn
A glass of Russell's Reserve bourbon containing a large block of "smoked ice" at Willie's Brew & Que. (Photo by Fritz Hahn/The Washington Post)
Ice has been in the news for the wrong reasons lately. As cringe-inducing as a $1 upcharge for frozen water may seem, it's a reminder that ice can be just as important to a cocktail as a fancy spirit. Make a drink with unfiltered water and you're introducing off-flavors and impurities into the glass. And if your ice melts too fast, it turns the sharp flavors of a gin and tonic into a watery blur of botanicals. That's the thing about ice: It's at its best when it's completely unobtrusive, doing nothing but keeping your drink cold.
On a rare occasion, though, ice can take a starring role. The cocktail menu at the new Willie's Brew & Que  features an Old Fashioned variation called Ole Smokey, which gets its unique flavor from two ingredients: brown sugar, instead of the usual white granular stuff, and "smoked ice."
The smoked ice starts as regular ice, which is placed in chef Rock Harper's barbecue smoker. It spends several hours melting while absorbing the sweetness of hickory smoke and the aromas of slow-cooked meat. It's then refrozen into two-by-two-inch cubes. While the ice is only featured in one cocktail on the menu, bartenders are happy to let customers put a smoked cube in any of the dozens of whiskeys behind the bar. (Bonus: There's no upcharge for it.) We tried it with Angel's Envy rye and the 10-year-old Russell's Reserve bourbon, both of which cost $10 per pour.
The ice really only lends a campfire aroma at first, but as you swirl the whiskey around in the glass, and the ice melts a bit, the whiskey begins to taste smokier, with notes of charcoal and spices. The Angel's Envy, which already is full of oaky vanilla, got noticeably richer and more complex. Russell's Reserve, on the other hand, tasted slightly more savory, but there wasn't a dramatic impact beyond the nose.
Smoked ice is a novelty, similar to the way that bartenders "fat-wash" bourbon to infuse the flavors of bacon or duck. But as a precursor to Harper's charred, fall-off-the-bone Korean-style wings, or the smoky, vinegar-based barbecue, it's a wonderful aperitif.
Willie's Brew & Que, 300 Tingey St. SE. 202-651-6375. www.williesbrewnque.com .
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Watch: Canadians stand up to an anti-Muslim bigotBy Ishaan Tharoor October 28 Follow @ishaantharoor
Omar Albach and two friends staged and filmed what they called a "social experiment" in Hamilton, Ontario, following the shooting of an officer last week in Ottawa. (Omar Albach via YouTube)
There’s a long tradition of activist videos where filmmakers attempt to expose the hidden prejudices of their societies through secretly-staged scenes in public. These often yield depressing, unsavory results .
But a new video that has gone viral offers a small glimpse of Canadian tolerance in action.
The “social experiment” -- as the video’s maker, Omar Albach, an 18-year-old student at York University, calls it — involved an actor dressed head-to-toe in traditional Islamic garb standing at a bus stop as another actor heckled him. The "racist" character kept asking the Muslim man to step away from the bus line out of supposed fear of a terror threat.
As you see, not a single bystander supports the heckler’s view and many angrily object to his racism. One man tells the heckling actor that he’s just as likely to be a terrorist as the Muslim man. Another gets so aggravated that he strikes the heckling actor in the face, bringing Albach’s social experiment to an abrupt end. Who knew Canada’s multiculturalism packed such a punch.
“We wanted to see how Canadians really felt about Muslims,” says Albach in an interview with WorldViews. He posted the video on his YouTube channel on Monday. It already had nearly 200,000 hits by Tuesday afternoon.
The video was shot over the weekend, in the wake of last week’s attacks in Ottawa , where a lone wolf gunman who allegedly converted to Islam killed a Canadian soldier guarding the capital’s National War Memorial and then engaged in a firefight in the Canadian Parliament building before being shot dead by security personnel.
Albach's video is filmed in the city of Hamilton, which happens to be the home town of the slain soldier.
This is not Albach’s first viral video – he put together another one this summer dubbed “Hug a Terrorist,” which you can watch above. Albach is Canadian-born and of Palestinian descent.
He believes what he captured on-camera reflects the wider tolerance and open-mindedness of ordinary Canadians. He also says the conversation in Canada about Muslims and terrorism is more sensible than its equivalent south of the border.
“America has a habit of really blaming it on the Muslims,” he says. “[After the Ottawa attack] media here did not make those connections to Islam and Muslims.”
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

In keeping with its values  Costco to close on ThanksgivingBy Jena McGregor October 28 Follow @jenamcgregor
REUTERS/ Mike Blake
The madness of the holiday shopping season has come to this: It's no longer notable when a retailer says it will stay open on Thanksgiving Day. Instead, it makes headlines when one says it's going to close.
Warehouse chain Costco recently confirmed just that, explaining the decision as a thank-you to its workers. "Our employees work especially hard during the holiday season and we simply believe that they deserve the opportunity to spend Thanksgiving with their families," a spokesperson told the Web site ThinkProgress . "Nothing more complicated than that."
The decision is in keeping with the ethos at Costco, which has long shrugged off Wall Street's complaints about how well it pays its retail workers (Costco even gave raises during the recession). A 2013 report put the company's average hourly wage at $20.89, far above the minimum wage. It showers employees with good benefits, from low health-insurance premiums to matching and profit-sharing contributions in their 401(k) plans.
And while longtime CEO James D. Sinegal left the helm in 2012, Costco appears to be sticking with its knitting under his successor, Craig Jelinek. The new CEO has spoken out publicly for an increase in the minimum wage and has pledged to maintain his predecessor's approach to employees. "If you treat consumers with respect and treat employees with respect, good things are going to happen to you,” he told Bloomberg BusinessWeek last year.
Costco's confirmation that it will close again this holiday stands in contrast to the recent trend of more retailers opening their doors on Thanksgiving, starting the Black Friday shopping ritual before the turkey is even off the dining table. Last year  Target, Kohl's, Macy's, Sears and J.C. Penney all opened at 8 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day. And Macy's  recently announced that it would open even earlier this time around.
These retailers are hardly alone. Wal-Mart  employees have long been working on Thanksgiving, more than 900 Old Navy stores were open  during the holiday last year, and Kmart really went all-in —  starting  at 6 a.m. and staying open for  41 hours  straight.
The moves to make Thursday the new Black Friday has drawn petitions , boycotts  and plenty of questions about worker fairness and the effect on employee morale. It's also unclear whether the holiday openings will even help these stores in the long run. Though some  data has shown an upside, retail consultants have warned that Thanksgiving sales could just cannibalize purchases that would have happened on Friday.
Of course, Costco is not the only retailer that won't open on Thanksgiving. Others, including Dillard's and Nordstrom, have said  they won't either. Yet as more retailers join in making the day of thanks just another day to shop, it is these shuttered stores that are really starting to  stand out .
Read also:

Tube Investments green field project to go on streamUpdated: October 29, 2014 01:15 IST
Tube Investment’s green field project to go on stream
Special Correspondent
The Hindu M. M. Murugappan
TOPICS
manufacturing and engineering
The green field unit of Tube Investments of India (TII) to manufacture large diameter tubes at the Tiruttani facility near here, will be inaugurated on Thursday.
Dubbed as one of the single largest investments by the company in the South, the Rs.250-crore unit would manufacture a wide variety of cold drawn-welded and electric-resistance welding tubes of different diameters and thickness.
Briefing reporters, Murugappa group Vice-Chairman M. M. Murugappan said the new plant was entirely conceptualised by their team members. They made a foray into the large diameter precision tubing sector, which they were not serving.
The new plant would address the requirements of the infrastructure sector such as hydraulic cylinders for earthmoving and construction machinery, propeller shafts for high payload vehicles and rear axle tubes for utility vehicles, structural applications and automotive chassis applications that were currently being served through imports, he said.
Tube Products of India President K. K. Paul said the new plant had an installed capacity of 11,000 tonnes a month, and it would be reached in phases. In 42 months, the new plant would add Rs.450 crore to the topline, and in the next five months, it would be in the region of Rs.50-60 crore. The payback time for the investment was seven years.
Located on a 63-acre outside, the Tiruttani plant would add significantly to the group’s export volume besides reducing imports, estimated to be around 30 per cent. The new plant would provide employment to about 250 workers.
Though trial runs were on at the plant, it would take at least a month or two to begin commercial production. At present, TII had an order book of 1,000 tonnes, Managing Director L. Ramkumar said.
TII had signed two more agreements with the Tamil Nadu Government, totalling investment worth Rs.250 crore, for expansion of bicycles and chains, he said, adding that the process was on how to ramp up the production capacity at these units as the market sentiments had improved.

Toshiba wins IMD orderNEW DELHI, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:13 IST
Toshiba wins IMD order
company information
Japanese firm Toshiba Corp, in collaboration with the Electronic Corporation of India, has received an order to supply transportable Doppler weather radar system to the India Meteorological Department (IMD). This will be the first weather radar that Toshiba will supply to outside Japan, and will be installed in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, in January next, Toshiba said in a statement.

At Penn  students can get credit for Wasting Time on the InternetBy Abby Ohlheiser October 28 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Kenneth Goldsmith stands in front of 10 tons of printed paper from his exhibition “Printing Out the Internet” at a Mexico City art space in 2013. (Janet Jarman/For The Washington Post)
Lucky creative writing students in a University of Pennsylvania seminar will be able to earn academic credit for wasting time on the Internet next spring. The class, appropriately titled “Wasting Time on the Internet,” will require its students to spend the three-hour weekly sessions dividing their attention between the world of the Internet and the classroom.
The instructor, Kenneth Goldsmith, tells The Washington Post that he will strictly enforce “a state of distraction” among the students — exactly the sort of thing he and virtually every other professor on Earth spends time trying to eliminate from their classes.
The purpose, Goldsmith says, is to have the students write something good at the end of the course, as a result of all that forced distraction. Goldsmith says he hopes the distraction will place his students “into a digital or electronic twilight,” similar to the state of consciousness between dreaming and waking that was so prized by the Surrealists.
“We do it, but we’re not really thinking about what we are doing,” Goldsmith says of digital distraction. Forcing students to think about all that “wasted” time might change assumptions about the worth of cycling through endless Reddit posts. “I’m so tired of reading, every time you pick up a paper, on how bad the Web is,” he says.
— Kenneth Goldsmith (@kg_ubu) October 27, 2014
The conventional wisdom is that all that Internet time is making us as a society stupider. “I don’t think that’s true,” Goldsmith says. “I think the Internet is making us smarter.”
Based on his previous work, this sort of experiment is something Goldsmith does well. The English professor is also the author of 10 books of poetry; in 2013, he became the Museum of Modern Art’s first poet laureate.
His wide range of influences have produced some interesting ideas. Like that time he tried to print out the entire Internet as a tribute to the late Internet prodigy and activist Aaron Swartz.
Discussing that project with The Post’s Dan Zak last year, Goldsmith said: “I’m not doing this so that everybody can go and steal all the material on the Internet. I actually want to use his gesture as a jumping-off point to begin to ponder much larger questions.”
Goldsmith’s new course has shades of the Bruce Bogtrotter punishment from Roald Dahl’s “Matilda,” wherein a school forces the student who stole a slice of cake to eat the entire, enormous cake by himself, in one sitting.
Goldsmith seems to be hoping that forcing students to actively engage in what is usually seen as a bad classroom habit will make them “not want to do that” in other settings. And like Bogtrotter, who manages to finish the whole cake with the encouragement and adoration of his classmates, Goldsmith’s highest hope for the class is that students will walk away better from the experience, “having theorized what they haven’t already theorized.”
Of course, not everyone will agree that encouraging young, impressionable minds to divide their attention among a phone, a laptop and a professor is worth the Ivy League tuition. For his part, Goldsmith says he has yet to hear substantial negative criticism of his new course idea, noting that undergraduate education often makes space for ideas and experiments one wouldn’t otherwise get to try.
“Creative writing and art is the place where you get to try out…things that might seem a little bit outrageous,” he says. “Isn’t that what an undergraduate education is, really? It sounds like a perfect undergraduate class to me.”
That response won’t fly for everyone, but it’s important to note that creativity has a long and strong relationship with activities that might otherwise be considered idle or wasteful. If you want to be particularly Puritan about it: Thoreau wasted time at a pond. Hemmingway wasted time going to bull fights. And a particular sort of a loafer, the flâneur, has long been a valued and important figure in art-making.
“I’m not sure what’s going to happen,” Goldsmith says when asked what he hopes his class will produce for his students. But he’s been teaching a similarly provocative course at Penn, called “Uncreative Writing,” for a decade. Students in that class are forbidden from producing anything original and must rely on copying and stealing — plagiarism! — to complete assignments.
Goldsmith considers “Uncreative Writing” to be one of his most successful courses, precisely because it opens up new creative outlets by forcing students to do the opposite of what they’re normally told. “Once you take away the forbidden fruit…then they shift their orientation and view it as a creative exercise.”
Here is the full course description  of “Wasting Time on the Internet,” as it appears on the Web. (And yes, it’s one massive paragraph.)
Live without dead time. — Situationist graffiti, Paris, May 1968 We spend our lives in front of screens, mostly wasting time: checking social media, watching cat videos, chatting, and shopping. What if these activities — clicking, SMSing, status-updating, and random surfing — were used as raw material for creating compelling and emotional works of literature? Could we reconstruct our autobiography using only Facebook? Could we write a great novella by plundering our Twitter feed? Could we reframe the internet as the greatest poem ever written? Using our laptops and a wifi connection as our only materials, this class will focus on the alchemical recuperation of aimless surfing into substantial works of literature. Students will be required to stare at the screen for three hours, only interacting through chat rooms, bots, social media and listservs. To bolster our practice, we’ll explore the long history of the recuperation of boredom and time-wasting through critical texts about affect theory, ASMR, situationism and everyday life by thinkers such as Guy Debord, Mary Kelly Erving Goffman, Betty Friedan, Raymond Williams, John Cage, Georges Perec, Michel de Certeau, Henri Lefevbre, Trin Minh-ha, Stuart Hall, Sianne Ngai, Siegfried Kracauer and others. Distraction, multi-tasking, and aimless drifting is mandatory.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

What it looks like when taxi drivers protest Uber and Lyft in D.C.By Andrea Peterson October 28 Follow @kansasalps
Demonstrators protest ridesharing apps on Freedom Plaza in Washington on Tuesday. (Andrea Peterson/The Washington Post)
Over a cacophony of honking taxicabs, an organizer using a megaphone led a group of drivers in a call-and-response on Washington's Freedom Plaza on Tuesday morning:
"What do we need?"
"When do we need it?"
"Now!"
The cabbies were out protesting ridesharing apps like Uber and Lyft for the third time in recent months, this time to draw attention to the D.C.  Council's final vote on a bill that will allow such services to operate permanently within the law in the District.
The legislation would require app-based services to provide primary insurance cover of at least $1 million from when a driver accepts a call to when they drop off the passenger, as well complete criminal background checks on all drivers -- benchmarks most major services already meet. It also prohibits private vehicle-for-hire services from accepting street hails like taxicabs can and requires the services to submit to the city 1 percent of their gross receipts for trips beginning in the District.
Those new rules would still leave the services facing fewer regulatory hurdles than do DC taxicabs, who must pay hundreds of dollars of fees to operate in the city and who navigate a more complex set of licensing requirements. Those differences, the cabbies argue, give the services an unfair leg up over traditional taxis, which they say are losing business to their high-tech competitors.
"If I have to be licensed, all other drivers should have to follow the same rules," Earth Clark, a longtime D.C. taxicab driver who is the recording secretary of the Teamster-organized Taxi Operators Association Leadership Council, said at the protest.
Clark says she has been driving a cab in the city for 45 years but that the emergence of services like Uber and Lyft have made it hard for her to earn a living.
(Andrea Peterson/The Washington Post)
Not all protesters were taxicab drivers. Leslie West, a recent law school graduate, joined the group. She believes the current regulatory situation gives the ridesharing apps an "unfair advantage" over cabbies.
During the protest throngs of cabs circled the plaza, slowing the surrounding blocks to a crawl and honking horns so loudly that some bystanders covered their ears with their hands as police worked to keep the flow of traffic moving.
(Andrea Peterson/The Washington Post)
The inconvenience seems unlikely to have endeared the taxi driving community to their riders -- but D.C. cabbies are far from alone in staging mass protests against ridesharing services.
In June, taxi drivers across Europe staged demonstrations to highlight their concerns about services like Uber and Lyft cutting into their business. The movement has been met with mixed results. Last month a German court upheld a ban on Uber in Berlin, but a different court in Frankfurt overturned a nationwide ban on the service.
In August, Virginia agreed to allow Uber and Lyft to operate in the state under a temporary agreement while a Maryland commission ruled that Uber should comply with the same regulations as common carriers.
 
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Things are better for Republicans than Karl Rove dreamedBy Ed Rogers October 28 Follow @EdRogersDC
Karl Rove. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
As Insiders readers know, in politics, what is supposed to happen tends to happen. In a Wall Street Journal op-ed in May 2013, “The GOP sets its sights on the Senate in 2014,” no less than Karl Rove analyzed the likelihood that Republicans would take back the Senate majority in the 2014 midterm elections. Largely based on his own observations and his knowledge of history, Rove gave Republicans no better than an “outside chance” of winning the majority, as long as Republicans ran strong candidates, fund-raised competitively and focused on the issues that matter most to voters.
Well, today, the RealClearPolitics average polling shows Republicans are projected to gain a net of 7 seats in the Senate , and there is only an “outside chance” that the Democrats will retain the Senate Majority.
Rove, and almost everybody else, overestimated how strong the president would be politically in the fall of 2014.  Even though Rove was able to precisely outline some of the challenges that Republicans would face, no one could have predicted the calamity that the Obama administration has become. It seemed unlikely a year ago that Republicans would add to their majority in the House and take back the Senate. After all, in November 2013, the generic ballot favored Democrats by 6.6 percent.  Now, one year later, the generic ballot favors Republicans by 3.1 percent .  What should naturally be a good year for Republicans has turned out to be a great year for Republicans due to the failures of the Obama administration.
While it seems that traditional pocketbook issues have been pushed aside by the sinister, lethal contagion that is ravaging West Africa and has found its way to the United States, famous GOP pollster Ed Goeas reminds me that economic issues still drive the right track/wrong track equation in this campaign cycle.  And currently, 65.8 percent of Americans think this country is on the wrong track.  So at the end of the day, what is worse for the Democrats?  For voters to render a verdict on the low-growth, low-income Obama economy, or for them to vote based on President Obama’s and the Democrats’ inept, confusing handling of crises ranging from Obamacare to Ebola?
Obviously, the current Ebola crisis has enhanced the trouble the Democrats are in , and it may end up being seen as the coup de grace in this election. The Ebola crisis could have been managed better if the White House had reached out to an admiral in a crisp uniform and made him the Ebola Czar. If that had happened, every Democrat would be quoting him and demanding that everyone defer to him, and no Republican would want to outright challenge what a military officer was saying we should do.  Even if the White House had appointed someone like former Senate majority leader Bill Frist (who is also a doctor) to be Ebola Czar, the dynamics of the Ebola crisis could be very different for the Democrats.
The cascade of debacles brought about by the incompetence of this administration is so constant that the half-life of any given crisis is very short. But it doesn’t look like the Ebola crisis will completely fade in the next week.
Anyway, here we are, one week from Election Day, and the Democrats’ situation reminds us that in politics, bad gets worse.
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
 
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Post Sports Live: Colt McCoy leads Redskins to win  Wizards season preview (Video)Comments
By Jayne Orenstein October 28 Follow @jayneore
The Washington Post's Jonathan Forsythe, Mike Wise, Keith McMillan and Neil Greenberg analyze Monday night's surprising Redskins win over the Cowboys, debate whether quarterback Robert Griffin III or Colt McCoy should start against the Vikings on Sunday, preview the Wizards season, which opens Wednesday night against Miami, and offer bold predictions for the final World Series games. (Post Sports Live/The Washington Post)
The Washington Post’s Jonathan Forsythe, Mike Wise, Keith McMillan and Neil Greenberg analyze Monday night’s surprising Redskins win over the Cowboys, debate whether quarterback Robert Griffin III or Colt McCoy should start against the Vikings on Sunday, preview the Wizards season which opens Wednesday night against Miami and offer bold predictions for the final World Series games.

A depressing sign of Americas obesity problem: fatter crash test dummiesBy Roberto A. Ferdman October 28 Follow @robferdman
Much too slim for most of America. (Duane Burleson/AP Photo)
Crash test dummies have long helped auto manufacturers keep cars as safe as possible, but the slim plastic mannequins are increasingly poor mirrors of the modern American man and woman.
So the world's leading producer is making a fatter version.
Humanetics, which manufactures most of the crash dummies used to clear cars for sale in the United States, is in the process of developing a new obese dummy to better mirror the U.S. population. The company already has a version in the works that weighs more than 270 pounds and has a body mass index of 35 (30 and above is considered obese by the CDC ).
Obesity has risen to an untenable level in the country. As of 2012, some 35 percent of Americans were obese, and nearly 70 percent of the population was overweight.
The costs of the country's growing weight problem has been steep from both a health and economic perspective . But its ever-expanding waistline has also made it more difficult for traditional crash test dummies to properly model how car passengers' bodies will react during an auto accident. "Obese people are 78 percent more likely to die in a crash," Chris O' Connor, the CEO of Humanetics, told CNN on Tuesday . "The reason is the way we get fat. We get fat in our middle range. And we get out of position in a typical seat."
A 2010 study from the University at Buffalo and Erie County Medical Center reached a similar conclusion. The study, which analyzed data from more than 150,000 car crashes in the United States between 2000 to 2005, found that moderately obese drivers faced a 21 percent increased risk of death, and morbidly obese drivers faced a 56 percent increased risk of death. "Crash test dummies have saved lives and provided invaluable data on how human bodies react to crashes, but they are designed to represent normal-weight individuals," lead author Dr. Dietrich Jehle told the Daily Mail in 2010 .
Humanetics is also looking to develop a prototype for a crash test dummy that better models older drivers, who also face increased risks of serious injury. Critics have also pointed out the inadequacy of child test dummies , which have been designed by scaling down adult dummies rather than developed separately.
 
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.

Jake Gyllenhaal surprises D.C. college students at Nightcrawler screeningBy Emily Heil October 28 Follow @emilyaheil
Actor Jake Gyllenhaal poses for a fan photo at the screening of “Nightcrawler” in Georgetown on Saturday night. (Photo by Graeme Jennings)
Hunky party-crasher alert! Actor Jake Gyllenhaal surprised an audience of local college students at a Saturday night screening of his new thriller “Nightcrawler” at the AMC Loews Georgetown.
Students in the audience (from Georgetown, George Washington, American, Howard and George Mason universities) were expecting to hear a few closing remarks from writer-director David Gilroy about the movie, which stars Gyllenhaal as a man who stumbles into the gritty world of freelance crime journalism in L.A.
But Gilroy brought along an unexpected (and squeal-inducing) guest. After being introduced, Gyllenhaal (looking slimmed-down for his role and casual in a black T-shirt) hopped into the audience for some selfie action with the excited students. Gyllenhaal is getting to be a pro at crashing — he similarly surprised moviegoers in Boston and Philadelphia.
Here are more adorable pics of his Washington antics:
(Photo by Graeme Jennings)

The worst possible case for the worst possible idea  the gold standardYou shall not crucify the economy on an idea from the dustbin of history. (Wikimedia Commons)
When it comes to crackpot economic ideas, the gold standard is, well, the gold standard.
It's a barbarous relic that has nothing to recommend it today. Pegging the dollar to the price of gold, you see, is just a doomsday device for turning recessions into depressions. That's because, as Paul Krugman points out, inflation-adjusted gold prices tend to go up when inflation-adjusted interest rates go down, and vice versa.
What does that matter? Well, think about it this way. Real rates are negative when nominal rates are high but inflation is higher still, or when inflation is low but nominal rates are lower still. Now in the first case, we'd want the Federal Reserve to raise rates to suffocate the economy until inflation is whipped. But in the second, we'd want it to keep rates as low as possible, and maybe even print money, to resuscitate growth. The gold standard, though, can't distinguish between this 1970s-style stagflation and 1930s-style collapse. It'd tell us to raise rates in both cases. And that's how you get a Great Depression instead of a Great Recession.
But libertarians of a certain bent, especially ones wearing bow ties, aren't worried about unemployment. They're worried about inflation. And, for all its flaws, the gold standard does have the very limited virtue of keeping the price level stable over the long, but not short, term. In other words, prices bounce around a lot from year to year—in fact, more than they do now —but it all eventually balances out to zero. So that's why the usual suspects of charlatans, cranks, and Zerohedge readers think the gold standard is the answer now matter what the economic question.
But now Peter Thiel, the billionaire co-founder of Paypal and the first investor in Facebook, has a new and incomprehensible defense of the gold standard. Just try to figure out what this means :
 
Where we’ve had progress in the world of bits but not in the world of atoms, and this world of bits, we’ve had progress in computers, Internet, mobile Internet. Technology just means information technology. It’s all about bits, but the world of atoms, space travel, energy like nuclear power, biotech, new medical devices, that’s been much slower, and there’s been much less progress in those areas in the last forty years. …
One’s been regulated, the other has not, but we’ve had this sort of dualistic world where the virtual world of bits has been growing very fast, but the real world of atoms has been kind of stagnant. And I think there’s a strange counterpoint where the same thing happened with our currency, where the real value of money became separate from the virtual in August of ’71 when we went off the gold standard. And so, you know, whatever you think of the gold standard, it had the virtue of connecting the real with the virtual.
 
This is some impressive gibberish, but I think I know what it means. Thiel might be saying that, under the gold standard, dollars and inflation-adjusted dollars used to be the same thing, but aren't anymore. If he is, he's wrong. Sure, the gold standard meant that inflation and deflation canceled each other out in the long run, but in the long run, you know, we're all dead. In the short run, meanwhile, the real value of the dollar could change a lot—which is why the Depression happened. Think about someone who borrowed money in, say, 1928. Well, five years later, wages had fallen so much that it was hard to pay back a loan that assumed wages would be flat. Or, in econospeak, the real value of money had increased, so the real value of debts had too. Mass bankruptcy was the result.
But there's an even more economically illiterate possibility here. Thiel might think that gold is the only "real" money, and everything else is just a representation of it. That's what Krugman calls the " Midas delusion ": the belief that the one true measure of money isn't how many goods and services it can buy, but rather how much gold. This is just as nutty as it sounds. It's saying that the only way to measure our standard of living is by the price of gold, not by the price of the things we need to actually, you know, live.
The dustbin of history is there for a reason.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Hungarys crazy-expensive Internet is driving people to throw their computers into the streetBy Nancy Scola October 28 Follow @nancyscola
Thousands of Hungarians took to the streets to protest a government plan to impose a heavy tax on Internet use, starting in 2015. (AP)
We've seen protests over the price of bread and protests over the price of milk , but we might want to prepare ourselves for something new: protests over the price of a gigabyte , like we're seeing in Hungary, where thousands have marched through downtown Budapest to protest a proposed tax on Internet use and have even taken to throwing old computers at government buildings .
A protest in Budapest against a proposed Internet tax. (Pál Zarándy)
The Internet tax is part of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán's 2015 budget proposal , and it would add a surcharge of 150 forints — about 60 cents — to the cost of every gigabyte uploaded and downloaded in Hungary. Orbán, head of the conservative Fidesz Party, has tried selling the tax as a reasonable one. It will, his government has pointed out, be charged not directly to end users — you and me —  but to Internet service providers .  And those companies, the government has pointed out, are highly profitable. The tax follows along the lines of an existing, less-controversial tariff on telephone services. And the Orbán government is playing up the idea that the accumulated funds, which would add up to billions of forints, could go to building out broadband access in rural Hungary. Already, after initial protests this week, the Orbán government began what one European Commission spokesperson called "polishing it a bit," adding a monthly cap on the proposed tax that is rumored to be 1,000 forints ($4 U.S.).
Hungarians, through, are already paying quite a high price for Internet access, at least compared to other Europeans, and are concerned that ISPs will pass on the cost of the tax to them. Data from the Finland-based telecom analyst firm Rewheel , which pushes for competitive broadband markets, says the price per incremental gigabyte in Hungary is up to $13. Compare that to Finland, where the price hovers around $0.25.
Protesters in Budapest rally against a proposed Internet tax. (Pál Zarándy)
But the real worry is that even a small increase in Internet costs would be enough to keep some Hungarians from using the Internet more. Pál Zarándy is a senior partner at Rewheel. One concern, as Zarándy sees it, is that Orbán's plan will matter more for mobile broadband usage than it does for fixed broadband use. That's because consumers connecting to the Internet from their home or business will find it harder to curtail their Internet usage and avoid hitting the cap. They'll grumble, pay it and be done.
Mobile broadband users, though, are younger and more likely to closely track how much data they are using.  According to a Rewheel analysis , mobile data consumption in Hungary is less than a fifth of a gigabyte per month per person, among the lowest in Europe, compared to 1 GB in Estonia and 1.5 GB in Sweden, Europe's mobile-data-hungriest country. Mobile broadband growth is a sign of young people getting online: According to data from the Pew Research Internet Project , 79 percent of those 18 to 24 in the United States say that they have a smartphone, while that number drops to 18 percent of those older than 65. One in four Hungarians is under 25. Mobile data is likely key to that country's Internet future.
Reagan McDonald of the international digital rights group Access argues that Orbán is simply rent-seeking with no larger social purpose. "It's not a first for Hungary," she writes in an e-mail, "who has similarly taxed phone communications and other such networks and is now trying to harness a growing market — note that at the same time, taxes on personal income are going down, so the new fiscal regime adds a burden on the poorer segment of the population to connect."
Of course, there's more than mere gigabyte-pricing angst going on in the streets of Budapest. Orbán is considered pro-Russia, and the protests are read by some to be part of a general rejection of his administration and his Fidesz party — especially what's seen as its anti-populist tendencies. But none of that overrides that some Hungarians think that they're simply paying too much to get online. And that sentiment is being voiced by others. A spokesperson for Neelie Kroes, the outgoing European Commission vice president in charge of Europe's "digital agenda," has called Orbán's proposed tax "a terrible idea," and Kroes has supported the protests.
Zarándy, the Rewheel analyst, finds Europe's outrage over Hungary's proposed Internet tax myopic. The European Commission hasn't come out against zero-rating , which is when telecoms and content providers cover the costs of data so that their services don't count against users' data caps.
"There is a fundamental conflict of interest between selling open Internet gigabytes and promoting their own online non-Internet content," argues Zarandy. When it's far less expensive for a content provider to buy gigabytes than it is for the average consumer to do it, the incentives are for the creation of a non-neutral network where some content providers are in a great position to sell cheap content. In countries like Finland, where the costs for Internet access are low for everyone, there's less incentive to embrace the sponsored Internet. In countries like Hungary, where the data costs are relatively high, the natural tendency is for consumers to look for places where their data consumption can be subsidized by others.
If you accept that idea, then it follows that what the protesters in Budapest are rallying for isn't just cheap online access but an Internet where they are free to roam where they want. Which might explain why there are so many of them in the streets.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

How Facebook just blew a great quarterHow Facebook just blew a great quarter
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 5:33 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Even before Facebook (FB) investors could start celebrating a strong quarter of earnings growth, the company cooled off the party.
During the conference call, the company’s Chief Financial Officer David Wehner cautioned Facebook would be ramping up spending by up to 70% in 2015 and gave disappointing revenue guidance for the fourth quarter. That’s exactly what investors don’t want to hear, especially as they’ve seen how Amazon.com has fallen into the red by making big investments.
Facebook’s caution on how spending might affect future quarters is causing the stock to sell off in afterhours trading. Shares are down 10%. Analysts were expecting Facebook to earn an adjusted $2.04 a share in 2015, up 25% from 2014, says S&P Capital IQ. Revenue was expected to hit $16.6 billion in 2015, up 35% from 2014.
Wehner also said revenue would rise somewhere between 40% and 47% in the fourth quarter, which was slightly below the views of some optimistic analysts. Maintaining revenue growth was going to be challenging in the fourth quarter since it was a year-ago that the company launched its successful initiative to put ads in users’ News Feeds. Revenue soared 63% to $2.6 billion during the fourth quarter of 2013.
Seeing Facebook shares crack in afterhours is a big disappointment for investors — especially right after the company reported an adjusted quarterly profit of 43 cents a share, topping expectations by nearly 5%.
The surprise during the conference call sours a bit what had been a period of triumph for the company that had been ridiculed and doubted since its 2012 over-hyped IPO.
Following another strong quarter of earnings growth — and signs Facebook (FB) is the only company that “gets” mobile — shares had been on fire. Facebook investors are up 356% from early September 2012 when the stock fell to $17.73 on all sorts of talk about the company’s struggles.
So far this year through Tuesday’s close, Facebook’s stock is up 46%, by far the best performer among the social media stocks. Twitter, in comparison, is down 31% this year.
Shares of Facebook gained 49 cents, or 0.6%, to $80.77 during regular trading.
Still, this is far from a faceplant. The company reported quarterly profit of $806 million, up 89% from the year-ago period. Facebook reported 59% higher revenue of $3.2 billion during the period.
And analysts still still the stock moving higher — although not by the degree so far. The average 18-month price target on the stock is $88.26.
We’ll have to see if analysts pull back their estimates based on the company’s latest guidance.

Sharyl Attkissons computer intrusions and the Justice Departments Inspector GeneralBy Erik Wemple October 28 Follow @ErikWemple
Sharyl Attkisson (John P. Filo/CBS News)
After former CBS News correspondent Sharyl Attkisson realized that her home and work computers were compromised , she faced a conundrum: Who to tell? “Can you really turn to the Justice Department’s FBI when the Justice Department might be part of the plot?” asks Attkisson in her new book, “ Stonewalled .”
Consistent with that thinking, Attkisson on April 3, 2013, filed a complaint with the Justice Department’s inspector general (IG). “The way I figure it, the best-case scenario is that the IG is honest and conducts a real investigation. Worst-case scenario: nothing comes of it, but at least the inquiry puts operative insiders on official alert: your actions are known and being probed.” It’s critical that the culprits know such a thing, because, as Attkisson writes, there is some very sophisticated surveillance technology out there, including machines with the “capability to suck information out of my smartphones and computers, or for that matter put stuff in them, without even physically connecting to them. These devices simply have to be in proximity to the perpetrators smartphone or device,” writes Attkisson in “Stonewalled.”
An IG official later tells Attkisson that there’s no PATRIOT Act order on her, and that the FBI had denied involvement in her technological disturbances. The IG official asks Attkisson if her sources regarding the computer surveillance will speak with the office. So Attkisson checks with “Number One,” one of several pseudonymous people quasi-identified in “Stonewalled.” “Number One” tells her, “Frankly, I’m not comfortable. The IG works for the people who did this to you.”
The chapter of “Stonewalled” that explores Attkisson’s referral to the IG is called “I Spy,” and it wraps her own experience in with contemporaneous news stories such as the Justice Department’s seizure of the phone records of the Associated Press. She also cites the naming of Fox News reporter James Rosen as a “co-conspirator” in a violation of the Espionage Act and the leaks of Edward Snowden on the extraordinary surveillance capabilities of the National Security Agency. Attkisson riffs, “To me, the pieces are starting to fit together. My case and that of AP and FOX are enough to suggest that the government had a coordinated effort at least by 2012, and probably beginning earlier, to target the leakers and reporters who were perceived as making the administration’s life difficult.”
Self-aggrandizing assertions pop up elsewhere in Attkisson’s retelling of the surveillance story. For instance, she describes getting a visit from a key source who asks to “check out my car for anything suspicious. He says that I’ve upset so many people at high levels that anything is possible, even the idea that somebody has tampered with my vehicle,” writes Attkisson, who resigned from CBS News earlier this year. The Justice Department IG requests that CBS News hand over the compromised computer plus an investigation that it had commissioned from a security consultant. CBS News denies both requests. “If no law enforcement or investigative body can have access to my CBS computer, then in some respects I’m the victim of a crime that can’t be thoroughly investigated,” writes Attkisson, who notes that a CBS official had expressed concern about giving those goods to the “same agency that could be implicated.”
Whatever the IG’s compromised position, Attkisson points the finger at her own ex-employer: “The corporation hasn’t demonstrated any interest in getting to the bottom of the crime committed against me and my family, and potentially my sources. The news division hasn’t expressed even a modicum of concern for my potentially compromised and chilled sources or its own compromised newsroom operations,” she writes.
CBS News has no control over Attkisson’s personal iMac computer. As she recounts toward the end of her book, Attkisson leaves that device in the hands of two agents from the Justice Department’s IG. “I’m taking a chance entrusting my computer to a team that’s connected to the agency that may hold responsibility for my intrusions. But it’s okay. My personal forensics team is conducting its own analysis,” she writes. Attkisson later notes that a security specialist found that the disruptions on her computer bore an “ undeniable link to the U.S. government. ”
The Justice Department IG office told the Erik Wemple Blog that it doesn’t confirm or deny investigations.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Epilogue: Sacred and profaneBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 28 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Rob Bricken has a timely roundup of the most affable depictions of Satan in culture both high and low, which got me thinking: Satan has an enormous edge on God in this regard, because it is not considered impious to depict him at all, much less to depict him as puckish, melancholic or flawed. Satan is a much better character than God, even in works like “Paradise Lost,” which intend to reaffirm God’s greatness. So for our question of the day, tell me what your favorite depiction of the sacred is. Mine might be Marilynne Robinson’s “Gilead,” which is not necessarily about fixing God to a single character but is a profound exploration of holiness.
Tina Fey, left, and Amy Poehler at the Golden Globe Awards in January. (Jason Merritt/Getty Images)

Ed Gillespie scores during Monday Night FootballComments
By Carter Eskew October 28
Score one for Ed Gillespie, who is running against Mark Warner (D-Va.) for the Senate. Last night, in the Washington football team’s stirring victory over the hated Cowboys , Gillespie’s campaign ran an ad in which he chided Warner for not opposing “Harry Reid’s bill” to change the team’s offensive name, or refusing even to answer whether he, in fact, does oppose it.
Presumably pride in the team soared throughout the upset, so Gillespie’s timing was excellent. While on the surface the ad may seem trivial, my guess is that it was extremely effective for those who view the controversy as just another fabrication of politically correct-obsessed liberals.
In other words, the ad appeals, first and foremost, to Gillespie’s base: voters who are sick and tired of Harry Reid and all those other liberals going after symbols of history and local pride, like the Redskins or the Confederate flag. But the ad operates on two more levels to broaden its appeal  First, it paints a contrast between Warner as a typical politician who ducks controversial issues and Gillespie as a decisive one who declares his opposition to Reid’s bill. The ad then offers a final punch: why not, Gillespie asks the camera, focus on important issues like jobs and the economy and let the Washington football team sort out its own name?
The ad, which is in my mind ridiculous and wrong, is nonetheless effective in the strange haiku of political advertising. In less than 30 seconds, Warner is portrayed as a weak-kneed liberal who tilts at Harry Reid windmills while Gillespie is a straight-talking problem-solver focused on the things that matter to Virginians. Virginia’s Senate seat is still a safe one for Democrats, but, as I said when he entered the race, Gillespie is a scrapper.
 

Orbital Sciences drops 15% as rocket explodesOrbital Sciences blows up nearly $300M
By: Matt Krantz October 28, 2014 7:30 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Orbital Sciences (ORB) , the company behind the Antares rocket that exploded late Tuesday , is crashing today.
Shares of the Dulles, Va.-based maker of rockets and space systems are down about $4.72, or 16%, to around $25.65 in midday trading Wednesday. The shares closed up 86 cents, or 2.9%, to $30.37 Tuesday prior to the blast.
Based on the loss Wednesday, the company just lost almost $300 million in market value. Analysts have been somewhat muted on the company’s prospects this year but more bullish for 2015. Analysts are calling for the company’s adjusted profit to rise 7.8% this year, but revenue to be flat at $1.4 billion, says S&P Capital IQ. But the company’s fortunes were expected to pick up in 2015, with revenue rising 12% to $1.5 billion and profit gaining 9.7%.
Shares have been very volatile — but have been mostly headed higher. The stock is up nearly 30% over the past year, topping the broad market’s roughly 13% gain during that time.
No injuries were reported.

Amateur videos capture rocket explosion on social mediaComments
By Frank Yonkof October 28
After an unmanned rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from the Virginia coast, social media users took to the Web to post their videos and photos. The Washington Post has not independently verified the authenticity of these posts.
On Tuesday night a rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station blew up in Wallops Island, Va., just seconds after liftoff. (The Washington Post)
A rocket that was to resupply the International Space Station blew up Tuesday night a few seconds after lift-off from Wallops Island, Va. (NASA)

Asian Stocks Rise With Wall Street  Eyes on FedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

AT&T misled customers by slowing data speeds  FTC suit allegesBy Brian Fung and Craig Timberg October 28 Follow @b_fung Follow @craigtimberg
(Rick Wilking / Reuters)
Federal officials on Tuesday sued AT&T, the nation’s second-largest cellular carrier, for allegedly deceiving millions of customers by selling them supposedly “unlimited” data plans that the company later “throttled” by slowing Internet speeds when customers surfed the Web too much.
The Federal Trade Commission said the practice, used by AT&T since 2011, resulted in slower speeds for customers on at least 25 million occasions – in some cases cutting user Internet speeds by 90 percent, to the point where they resembled dial-up services of old. The 3.5 million affected customers experienced these slowdowns an average of 12 days each month, said the FTC, which received thousands of complaints about the practice.
The legal action -- which AT&T immediately criticized and signaled it was prepared to fight -- is one of the most aggressive yet under FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, a reserved former corporate lawyer who took office last year. In challenging one of the nation’s largest cellular providers, she also tread close to the jurisdiction of a sister agency, the Federal Communications Commission, which more regularly handles telecommunications issues but often has been criticized by consumer groups as being too cozy with industry and not aggressive enough in protecting customers’ privacy and pocketbooks.
“AT&T promised its customers ‘unlimited’ data, and in many instances, it has failed to deliver on that promise,” said Ramirez in a statement. “The issue here is simple: ‘unlimited’ means unlimited.”
She said that the FTC was seeking financial damages that could result in money being repaid to AT&T customers affected by the company’s policy of throttling. The suit, which was approved by the five-member commission in a unanimous vote, was filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
The FTC found in its investigation that AT&T was aware that consumers saw throttling as inconsistent with promises of “unlimited” data. When the company explained the concept to focus groups, the FTC reported in its suit, customers grew upset. The company’s own researchers then urged AT&T’s marketers that “saying less is more” when it comes to selling such services.
The FTC lawsuit rested on its power to police deceptive marketing practices and prompted praise from consumer advocates, who long have complained that cellular carriers have larded the bills of their customers with unnecessary and deceptive charges. Throttling, they said, deprived customers of data they believed they had paid for, with little recourse against AT&T. The practice occurred even when AT&T’s network was not burdened, according to the FTC, which added that the company had received 190,000 customer calls regarding the practice.
“It’s absolutely outrageous,” said John Bergmayer, a senior staff attorney at Public Knowledge, an advocacy group based in Washington. “They’re not allowed to promise one thing and deliver another… Unlimited is not unlimited when you put limits on it.”
AT&T responded by calling the FTC’s allegations “baseless” and an intrusion into the normal network management practiced by all telecommunications providers. The company also noted that it had alerted customers about the throttling, by sending e-mails or texts notifying customers that they had crossed pre-set limits and would experience slower data speeds for the rest of the billing period.
“It’s baffling as to why the FTC would choose to take this action against a company that, like all major wireless providers, manages its network resources to provide the best possible service to all customers,” said AT&T senior executive vice president Wayne Watts, “and does it in a way that is fully transparent and consistent with the law and our contracts.”
The lawsuit marks the second time this year that a major wireless carrier has been targeted for its treatment of customers on unlimited data plans. The FCC wrote a letter in July criticizing Verizon over a plan to throttle heavy users during periods of peak congestion. Verizon later backed down on that plan. The FCC said Tuesday that it was coordinating with the FTC on investigations into carriers slowing down unlimited data.
“Wireless customers across the country are complaining that their supposedly ‘unlimited’ data plans are not truly unlimited, because they are being throttled and they have not received appropriate notice,” said Neil Grace, an FCC spokesman. “We encourage customers to contact the FCC if they are being throttled by AT&T or other cellular providers.”
The lawsuit comes at an awkward time for AT&T, which is trying to convince regulators to approve its $49 billion acquisition of the nation’s largest satellite TV provider, DirecTV.
AT&T is also paying $105 million to settle charges from this month that it loaded consumers’ wireless bills with bogus third-party fees without their consent. Those fees, according to the FTC and the FCC, added “hundreds of millions of dollars” to AT&T’s bottom line over a five-year period and misled customers into thinking that they were being charged for AT&T’s own services.
FTC investigations take place behind closed doors and often result in out-of-court settlements, typically proceeding to legal action only when accords cannot be reached. The inability to agree on terms of a possible settlement suggests high stakes for AT&T, which like other cellular carriers relies increasingly on delivering data, rather than traditional phone calls, in making money from its customers. The company is the 14th-largest spender on lobbying in America, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
In the lawsuit filed Tuesday, the FTC cited numerous consumers who alleged that AT&T failed to honor its commitments to unlimited data.
“This is a clear case of bait and switch,” one customer said, according to the FTC’s complaint.
“If [I’m] being punished for using my phone and plan as advertised[,] then I have lost a lot of respect for [AT&T],” said another.
The fight also touches on some larger issues, including the politically charged debate over “net neutrality,” which concerns whether Internet providers should be allowed to alter the speeds of various Internet traffic, potentially prioritizing the data flowing from favored corporate partners. Both of the Republican commissioners on the FTC, Maureen Ohlhausen and Joshua Wright, issued tweets on Tuesday afternoon saying that the AT&T lawsuit showed that the FTC already has the power to regulate certain abuses in Internet data flows.
“@ATT throttling case shows the @FTC can and will enforce broadband ISPs’ promises about traffic mgt. #NetNeutrality http:,” Ohlhausen said in her tweet.
Such arguments come amid larger turf issues between the FCC and the FTC, which regulates a broader group of industries and often is described as more aggressive in curbing the abuses of large companies.
“Under Ramirez, the commission is going to confront some of the most powerful companies in the country for their data and privacy practices,” said Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, a consumer and privacy group based in Washington. “This is part of a much broader set of investigations going on at the FTC to look at how the digital data marketplace treats consumers… The FTC is stepping into an area where the FCC has failed to be an effective regulator.”
The FTC filed a complaint in July against T-Mobile, the nation’s fourth-largest cellular carrier, for allegedly “cramming” their bills with charges for “premium” services that customers often did not seek or understand.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.
Craig Timberg is a national technology reporter for The Post.

Dr Reddy s Laboratories Q2 net falls 17 per centDr Reddy's Laboratories Q2 net profit falls 17 per cent, stock falls
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 16:11 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Dr Reddy's Laboratories, the home-grown pharmaceuticals major, on Wednesday reported a 16.82 per cent fall in its consolidated net profit at Rs 574.1 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on account of higher expenses.
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 690.25 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous 2013-14 fiscal.
Net income during the reporting period stood at Rs 3,587.81 crore as against Rs 3,357.45 crore in the year-ago quarter, Dr Reddy's Laboratories said in a filing to Bombay Stock Exchange.
During the second quarter, the company said its selling, general and administrative expenses increased to Rs 1,067.33 crore as against Rs 973.68 crore in the same period of FY14.
Expenses on R&D stood at Rs 411.3 crore, an increase of 37 per cent year-on-year.
"The increase is in line with our planned scale-up in development activities," the drug maker said.
Dr Reddy's, which is the country's second largest drug maker by revenue, said its global generics business revenues stood at Rs 2,890 crore, up 9 per cent from the year-ago period driven mainly by the domestic market and rest of World territories, primarily Venezuela, and North America.
Revenues from the domestic market stood at Rs 480 crore, up 14 per cent from the same period of the previous fiscal. The growth was primarily driven by healthy volume expansion of focus brands, some of which are also listed under the National List of Essential Medicines portfolio, the drug major said.
North American revenues stood at Rs 1,430 crore, up 8 per cent, while those of emerging markets were up 14 per cent, at Rs 830 crore.
Generic sales from the country stood at Rs 480 crore with a growth of 14 per cent, the company said.
Income from Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients vertical declined by 6 per cent to Rs 640 crore.
Shares of Dr Reddy's Laboratories were trading at Rs 3,027.95 a piece in afternoon trade, down 1.71 per cent from Tuesday's cloase on the BSE.

Sensex regains 27 000 on continued buyingMarket update: Sensex rises 217 pts to five-week high ahead of Fed meet outcome
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 17:05 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Wednesday surged 217 points to end at five-week  high of 27,098.17 powered by gains in interest rate sensitive stocks,  tracking rally in global markets ahead of the outcome of US Federal  Reserve's policy meeting .
Besides, hopes of further economic  reforms by Modi government, rising rate cut expectations and fall in  international oil price too buoyed sentiments, said brokers.
Rising for the straight second straight day, the BSE Sensex reclaimed the key 27,000-mark for the first time since September 22.
It  touched the day's high of 27,107.93 before settling the day with a gain  of 217.35 points, or 0.81 per cent, at 27,098.17 points. The gauge had  gained 127.92 points in the previous session.
The 50-share NSE  Nifty ended 62.85 points, or 0.78 per cent, higher at 8,090.45 after  moving between 8,097.95 and 8,052.25 intra-day.
"Expectations  from the FOMC meet, resultant nervousness and profit booking kept the  market range-bound today. We expect US Fed to wrap up its bond buying  program but it would continue to maintain low interest rates for long  term," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
In  addition, covering-up of short positions by speculators ahead of  Thursday's monthly expiry in the Indian derivatives segment played a  part in trading.
Stocks of commercial vehicle makers were in good demand.
Tata  Motors shares climbed 3.41 per cent and M&M gained 1.77 per cent  among others. Other Sensex components which supported the key indices  included Hindalco, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, RIL and Infosys.
Dr  Reddy's Laboratories reported 16.82 per cent decline in consolidated  net profit at Rs 574.1 crore for the second quarter. It shares fell over  one per cent. Dr Reddy's peer, Sun Pharma also saw its counter slip  over 1 per cent.
The breadth of the market was positive with BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices inching higher.
Sectorwise,  BSE Realty index gained the most by rising 2.97 per cent, followed by  Metal index (2.63 pc), Auto index (1.79 pc), IT index (1.47 pc), FMCG  index (1.23 pc) and Oil & gas index (1.19 pc).

5 Things to Know About US GrowthThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Marans summoned in Aircel-Maxis deal caseNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 10:50 IST
Court summons Maran brothers
The Hindu Former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran with his brother and Chairman of the Sun TV network, Kalanidhi Maran during an event in Chennai. File photo: M. Vedhan
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Trial in Aircel-Maxis case
A special court trying the 2G spectrum case on Wednesday issued summons to former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran and six others in the Aircel-Maxis case.
The accused have been summoned on March 2, 2015 to enable the CBI to serve the summons as five of them live overseas.
“I have carefully gone through the copy of the FIR, charge sheet, statement of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case. On perusal of the record, I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on record to proceed against the accused. Accordingly, I take cognisance of the case,” Mr. Saini said in his two-page order.
The court had on October 13 reserved an order on taking cognisance of the charge sheet after hearing the prosecution. The CBI counsel had argued that prima facie a case was made out against all the accused.
Former Minister accused of coercing Aircel owner
A special court trying the 2G spectrum case on Wednesday issued summons to former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran and six others in the Aircel-Maxis case.
The CBI had in August charge sheeted them, alleging that the former Minister had entered into a criminal conspiracy with T. Ananda Krishnan, owner of Malaysian company Maxis, and coerced Chinnakannan Sivasankaran, owner of Aircel, to sell his shares to the former allegedly in lieu of investments by the foreign company through another company into Sun Direct TV Pvt. Ltd. Mr. Dayanidhi Maran is one of the promoters of Sun Direct.
The other accused in the case include Mr. Krishnan, senior executive with the Maxis Group, Ralph Marshall, and four companies, including Sun Direct TV Pvt. Ltd. The CBI had in 2011 registered an FIR in the matter stating that Mr. Sivasankaran, who had sought spectrum licence, was allegedly forced to sell his company to Maxis.

World Stocks Gain as Focus Shifts to Fed MeetingThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Ending Bulk Data Collection: Nice Idea  Wrong BillComments
By H.L. Pohlman October 29
Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., presides over the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on “U.S. Government Surveillance Authorities,” December 2013 (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File)
The following is a guest post by Prof. H.L. Pohlman, professor of political science at Dickinson College.
Earlier this week, Politico asked Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) to contribute to a feature entitled “What Can Washington Get Done in Obama’s Last Two Years?”  His answer: “Stop bulk data collection.”  And to do that, he argued, Congress should pass the USA FREEDOM Act.
As lead Senate sponsor of what Politico calls one of “eleven bipartisan ideas that might actually pass,” Leahy argues that “it is not every day that a surveillance reform bill is approved by the intelligence community, privacy and civil liberties groups of all interests and viewpoints, the high tech industry and lawmakers across the political spectrum.”  And it is true that a wide range of civil liberties groups have supported the bill; earlier this month a coalition of “civil liberties, civil rights, peace & justice, transparency, and community organizations” under the umbrella of the Bill of Rights Defense Committee sent an open letter to Congress urging its enactment.
The letter describes Leahy’s bill as “an important step” in curtailing the National Security Agency’s “abuses,” though it urges “more meaningful and comprehensive reform” of the NSA’s “overreaching and unconstitutional surveillance practices.”  In short, Leahy’s bill will do some good, if not enough of it — and it achieves this good without doing anything bad.
But as I’ve argued before on this site, this sort of assessment mischaracterizes the tradeoffs of passing Leahy’s bill — because it completely ignores its downsides. It’s true that the bill would end the government’s bulk collection of domestic telephone metadata, but it does so only in accordance with the government’s bizarre definition of this term and at a very steep price.
Let me explain. In Presidential Policy Directive ( PPD-28 ) issued in January 2014, the Obama administration defined “bulk collection” as the acquisition “of large quantities of signals intelligence data which . . . is acquired without the use of discriminants (e.g., specific identifiers, selection terms, etc.).”  Thus, as long as the government uses a “discriminant,” a selection term, no matter how broad that term might be, the government is not engaged in a “bulk collection” program.
Since it’s almost Halloween, think of metadata as candy. If the government goes into the candy store and picks up candy blindly and randomly, that would meet its definition of “bulk collection.” But if the government goes into that store and knowingly selects huge amounts of specified types of candy (“give me all the caramels and chocolates you have”), then that would not constitute “bulk collection,” even if the amount of candy removed from the store is larger than in the first case.
The USA FREEDOM Act does not guarantee, then, that the government’s database of telephone metadata will be smaller than it is now. It all depends on the generality of the selection terms that the government will use to obtain metadata from the telephone companies. And we don’t know what those terms will be.
At the same time, while right now the government is (arguably) collecting all the domestic telephone metadata that it can get its hands on, there is a judicially-imposed limit on its use. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court only allows the government to “query” the database if law enforcement has a “reasonable articulable suspicion” that a phone number is linked to a terrorist group. But Leahy’s bill changes things by setting up two ways for the government to request metadata from the phone companies. See here for details — but the short version is that the current draft creates a loophole that allows much wider use of the data obtained by a selection term if it is designed “to obtain foreign intelligence information not concerning a United States person,” since foreign intelligence purposes could range from improving the US’s position in trade negotiations to negotiating treaties.
In his piece, Leahy says his bill will “end bulk collection of Americans’ records once and for all.”  It might – by defining it away. What it will not do is rein in NSA surveillance.

D.C. area forecast: Cooler with light showers today  then hoping for a dry Halloween before chilly weekendBy Dan Stillman October 29 Follow @stillmand
9 a.m. Update: Showers remain well to the west this morning, with the leading edge only as far east as I-81. Some of these showers should make it into primarily the northern and western suburbs between approximately 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., with a better chance of showers area-wide thereafter.
Today’s Daily Digit
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 0 to 10.
5
While much cooler than Tuesday and perhaps showery at times, still adequate for late October.
Express Forecast
Today: Light showers likely. Highs: 60s.
Tonight: Showers ending. Lows: 40s.
Tomorrow: Mostly sunny and cool. Highs: Upper 50s to near 60.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
Today’s temperatures in the 60s are fairly average by October standards, but substantially cooler than yesterday’s highs near 80. It’s all relative, though, because by Saturday we’ll be downright cold and breezy with highs having trouble reaching or getting much past 50. We might even see some stray snowflakes around town. But first we have some showers to deal with today. And what about Halloween?…
Radar & lightning: Latest D.C. area radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall .
Today (Wednesday): It shouldn’t rain all day, but scattered showers are possible at pretty much any point as a cold front moves through from west to east. Any showers should be mainly light, with the most numerous from approximately noon to 5 p.m. Temperatures start the day in the 60s for most of us, and should stay in the 60s under mostly cloudy skies. Winds arrive from the west-northwest at 5-10 mph, with a few higher gusts. Confidence : Medium-High
Tonight: Showers remain possible as we get into the evening, but mainly south and east of the District, as temperatures fall into the 50s. We dry out overnight as winds from the northwest (at 5-10 mph) bring in noticeably cooler and drier air. Overnight lows drop into the 40s area-wide. Confidence: Medium-High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the weekend…
Tomorrow (Thursday): High pressure builds in and provides plenty of sun, but the colder air mass still struggles to warm. With a steady breeze from the northwest around 10 mph, highs stall in the upper 50s to near 60. Confidence: Medium-High
Tomorrow night: We’re colder Thursday night, though just about where we should be as far as your average Halloween Eve is concerned. Lows bottom in the upper 30s to low 40s under partly cloudy skies. Confidence: High
Burke Lake, Virginia, Oct. 28 ( @SuaveElefante via Twitter )
A LOOK AHEAD
Friday should begin partly sunny before clouds increase during the afternoon. After the cool morning start, afternoon highs should reach near 60. Right now it looks like any showers moving in from the northwest should hold off until after 7-8 p.m., which is good news for trick-or-treaters but a bit too close for comfort (in other words, check back in case the forecast changes). Shower chances increase to 50% later in the evening and into the overnight. Any showers should be light but could be mixed with some wet snowflakes, especially in the north and west suburbs, as lows fall to the upper 30s to low 40s. Confidence: Medium
Saturday is the first day of November and boy will it feel like it. Mostly cloudy skies spit out some light showers from time to time, perhaps mixed with some more wet snowflakes as well. Highs struggle to the upper 40s to mid-50s with an increasing wind from the north. Any precipitation should wind down Saturday evening or overnight. We’ll stay breezy through the night, which helps keep temperatures from totally tanking. It’s still rather cool with lows in the 30s. Confidence: Medium
Sunday is another chilly one and still breezy. Mostly sunny skies can’t overcome the cold air mass, as highs can only manage the upper 40s to low 50s. We do see high temperatures moderating back toward the 60-degree mark early next week. Confidence: Medium
Dan Stillman is a meteorologist and editor for the Capital Weather Gang. He earned an M.S. in Meteorology from Texas A&M University, and a B.S. in Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences from the University of Michigan.

Zivotosfky arguments next week (press briefing tomorrow)By Eugene Kontorovich October 29
In perfect timing, on Monday the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in Zivotofsky v. Kerry, the Jerusalem passport case. The hearing come amidst a spat between the Obama Administration and Israel over building in parts of Jerusalem.
The kerfuffle has no bearing on the case. Firstly, the current debate is about whether Jews can live in the parts of the city that came under Israeli control in 1967. The case, however, involves Jerusalem within the 1949-67 Armistice Lines. Moreover, the issue in the case is not about recognizing Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem, but merely its de facto administration so far as is necessary to carry out Art. I enumerated powers , as I explained in an amicus brie f filed on behalf a politically diverse group of constitutional law scholars .
Tomorrow I will be doing a telephone press briefing on the case, organized by the Federalist Society. The brilliant William Consovoy will present the arguments for the government, and I’ll outline those for the petitioner. Any reporters interested in calling in, let me know.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Election could tip historic number of legislatures into Republican handsBy Reid Wilson October 29 Follow @postreid
The GOP is poised to add to its unprecedented state House advantage. (AP Photo/Michael Dinneen)
Republicans have the opportunity to take control of a record number of state legislative chambers across the country this year, as Democrats play defense in unfavorable terrain.
The Republican landslide in 2010 and the subsequent redistricting process in 2012 gave the GOP control of a nearly unprecedented number of legislative chambers. Today, the party controls 59 of the 98 partisan chambers in 49 states, while Democrats control only 39 chambers (One legislature, Nebraska’s is officially nonpartisan).
Once election results are tabulated in the 6,049 legislative races on the ballot in 46 states this year, Republicans could find themselves running even more.
If Iowa Democrats can’t hang on to control of the state Senate, Gov. Terry Branstad (R) will be freer to pursue an ambitious agenda. If Arkansas Republicans keep control of the state House and win the governor’s mansion, the future of that state’s unique approach to Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act is at risk. In Kentucky, Sen. Rand Paul (R) could take advantage of a Republican state legislature to change a law that prevents him from running for president and re-election to the U.S. Senate at the same time.
State legislative elections, in which candidates raise little money and generate almost none of the attention given to more prominent contests for U.S. Senate or governor, are especially susceptible to national political trends. In 2010, Republicans picked up more than 700 seats, which amounted to nearly one in 10 legislative seats around the country.
This year, another legislative wave benefiting the GOP is certainly possible, perhaps even likely.
Also on GovBeat: Both parties are happy about early vote data. They’re worried, too.
Voters deeply disapprove of President Obama, with a Washington Post-ABC News poll published this week finding just 43 percent approve of his job performance. Those polled say they would favor a Republican candidate for Congress over a Democrat by a 50 percent to 44 percent margin.
And history argues for GOP gains: In 26 of the 28 midterm elections held since 1900, the party that controls the White House has lost seats.
“For Republicans, the main message point everywhere is, it’s about Obama. There’s not a lot of creativity there,” said Michael Sargeant, executive director of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee. “It’s a difficult political environment”
States like New Hampshire, which is closely divided between the two parties, are especially susceptible to national waves. The 400-member state House there, the largest legislative chamber in the nation, has swung wildly in recent years. Democrats control 212 seats today — one of the most vulnerable majorities in the country.
In Washington State, where the Senate majority is controlled by a combination of Republicans and two centrist Democrats, the GOP is poised to gain at least one seat, formally giving them a total majority.
Nevada Democrats control the state Senate by the slimmest possible margin: 11 seats to 10. Republicans, led by popular Gov. Brian Sandoval (R), have poured millions of dollars into building a field operation aimed at retaking the chamber, and early vote numbers show the GOP has made impressive gains that put the chamber at risk.
In other states, Democrats are defending seats in areas that have changed ideologically. The West Virginia state House, where Democrats hold a 53 to 47 seat majority, is in play as President Obama’s approval rating sinks ever lower among white voters in coal country. And Democrats are defending a 54 to 46 seat majority in the Kentucky state House.
Also on GovBeat: Navajo Nation presidential campaign in turmoil over language requirement .
As Washington stands mired in partisan gridlock, states have undertaken a nearly unprecedented legislative boom. Experts say that’s because so many states are controlled by one party, giving that party free reign to pass ambitious liberal or conservative agendas.
“The states have been pushing the envelope from all directions, and sometimes counter-intuitively,” said Tim Storey, a legislative analyst at the National Conference of State Legislatures. “Immigration, minimum wage, tax increases, tax cuts, environmental legislation, abortion rights, all of those things, you’ve had a real uptick in policy making at the state level.”
But going too far can risk a backlash from voters who want to chart a more moderate path.
Colorado Democrats passed ambitious gun control legislation after taking control in 2012, but voter backlash allowed Republicans to successfully recall two sitting Democratic senators, including the Senate president. Now, Democrats cling to a narrow 18 to 17 seat majority, and Republicans have high hopes for winning back several seats.
“Colorado is a fairly evenly split state, so there’s not a lot of margin there for railroading some extreme policies,” said Bill Cadman, the Republican minority leader of the Colorado Senate. “The trend looks favorable to Republicans. People are generally dissatisfied with the direction the country is going, and whoever is driving that is responsible.”
Democrats have their own opportunities to win back contested chambers.
In the Arkansas House, Republicans control 51 of 100 seats. If Democratic efforts to turn out new voters pay dividends, that chamber is in play. The party is driving turnout in Iowa, where a closely fought U.S. Senate race is coming down to the wire; Republicans control the state House 53 seats to 47, a margin close enough to be at risk. And Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett (R) trails his Democratic opponent badly in recent polls, putting the GOP’s four-seat Senate majority in play, too.
Still, the national atmosphere has Republicans optimistic they can set new records. The GOP controlled legislatures in 30 states after the 1920 elections, Storey said, their modern high-water mark. Before Election Day 2012, Republicans controlled 62 legislative chambers. To match those marks, the party would need to take control of three chambers — perhaps in New Hampshire, Iowa, Nevada or Kentucky.
If there is a silver lining for Democrats, NCSL’s Storey said, it’s that successively bad midterm elections have the party near its nadir. Ambitiously conservative agendas in states like North Carolina, Georgia and Virginia, all states where Republicans have made recent gains, put Democrats in a position to begin targeting winnable seats once more.
“Whichever state legislative chambers Republicans fail to pick up this Election Day are likely out of the GOP’s reach for a decade,” said Carolyn Fiddler, a Democratic strategist who focuses on legislative seats at The Atlas Project. “Republicans will make their hay while the sun shines this year, but it could be their last chance to do so for quite some time.”
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Will President Obama give feds a Christmas president this yearBy Lisa Rein October 29 Follow @Reinlwapo
HANDOUT PHOTO: Betsy Smith of Fairfax created a quilt inspired by the White House and the National Christmas Tree.(Courtesy of Betsy Smith)
The weather feels like spring and it’s not even Halloween, but Christmas is on the minds of 35,000 federal workers and counting who have signed an online petition to get President Obama to declare the day after the holiday a bonus day off.
The petition posted to the White House’s “We the People” page asks the administration to “Declare an executive order for all executive departments and agencies to be closed 12/26/2014, for a four-day weekend.”
The justification is straightforward: There’s precedent for this, and federal workers say they deserve a free day off after last year’s sequestration-triggered furloughs and three years of pay freezes:
“Federal Employees have dealt with pay freezes and furloughs over the past few years. Giving federal employees an extra holiday on Dec. 26th, 2014 would be a good gesture to improve morale of the federal workforce. Some bases are forcing their employees to take leave or LWOP because of base shut-downs on this day. This is also consistent with past practice. President Obama provided a full-day Monday Dec. 24, 2012 and a half-day off on Thursday, Dec. 24, 2009. President George W. Bush provided a half-day holiday on Wednesday, Dec. 24, 2002, as well as several full days off the day before or after Christmas: Tuesday, December 24, 2001, Thursday, December 26, 2003, Tuesday, December 24, 2007, and Thursday, December 26, 2008. We urge President Obama to issue an executive order.”
— Whitehouse.gov
Federal workers already have a paid vacation day on Dec. 25, which falls on a Thursday. Shutting down the government for a day costs roughly $100 million. But the day after Christmas is arguably not a busy work day for Americans.
That’s one view. The other is that federal employees already have too many perks, and giving them a four-day weekend could antagonize critics of perceived government largess.
The White House would have to figure out how to cover the shifts of hundreds of thousands of “essential” employees and whether they would get holiday pay.
The petition was created on Oct. 20 by someone identified only as S.K. of Oklahoma City. As of Tuesday at 6:30 p.m., it had cleared 34,628 signatures. It needs 65,372 by Nov. 19 to get an official response from the White House: A 100,000 threshold.
The president gave federal workers a half-day off on Christmas Eve when Dec. 24 fell on a Thursday in 2009, so they got a three-day weekend.
But a similar petition to get Christmas Eve off last year — when the holiday fell on a Wednesday — failed when the Office of Personnel Management told employees to report to work as usual.
President George W. Bush granted a half-day once on a mid-week Christmas Eve. Four times he gave the federal workers full days off immediately before or after Christmas. Two created four-day weekends; the others fell in the middle of the week.
An administration official said in an e-mail that the White House would respond to the petition if it clears the 100,000-signature mark.
“Every petition that crosses the threshold is reviewed by the appropriate staff and receives a response,” the official wrote.
Whatever the president decides, even if 100,000 federal workers tell him they want Dec. 26 off by Tuesday, the day of the midterm election, he’s not likely to announce anything before the election is over.
Lisa Rein covers the federal workforce and issues that concern the management of government.

Again  delays on Metros Green LineBy Dana Hedgpeth October 29 Follow @postmetrogirl
Updated at 6:50 a.m.
I made a mistake — there are no delays on the Green Line this morning. The earlier delays were from 12:27 a.m. Wednesday morning. The Green Line is functioning at normal service.
Original post at 6:21 a.m.
Riders on Metro’s Green Line should expect delays Wednesday morning.
The transit agency said the problem is a disabled train outside the College Park station. There are delays in both directions.
The delay follows a series of what feels like more hiccups than normal to many Metro riders. There were only two days without delays on Metro’s rail system in the last month, according to an analysis by Washington Post transportation columnist Dr. Gridlock , otherwise known as Robert Thomson.
For more transportation-related news, click here .
I'm a Washington Post reporter, working an early morning shift that deals with crime, lottery winners, traffic, you name it.

With Supreme Court case pending  UPS reverses policy on pregnant workersDavid Abney, who became UPS CEO Sept. 1, 2014, in a 2008 file photo (AP Photo/John Bazemore, File)
 
This week United Parcel Service sent a memo to employees announcing a change in policy for pregnant workers: starting January 1, the company will offer temporary light duty positions not just to workers injured on the job, which is current policy, but to pregnant workers who need it as well.
“UPS takes pride in attaining and maintaining best practices in the area of equal opportunity and employment, and has elected to change our approach to pregnancy accommodations,” a memo sent to workers reads.
Hang on a minute. Isn’t this is the very stance that UPS is arguing against in the upcoming, high-profile Supreme Court case, Young v UPS?
Indeed it is.
UPS’ change of policy was not only announced to its workers on Monday, it was announced to the world in the brief they filed at the Supreme Court just days ago.
The change of policy, UPS attorneys argue in the brief, doesn’t mean they were wrong when they denied temporary light duty to one-time UPS driver Peggy Young, of Landover, Md., when she became pregnant and her doctor recommended she take a hiatus from lifting heavy boxes until after giving birth.
In the brief, UPS attorneys explain it this way: “While UPS’s denial of [Young’s] accommodation request was lawful at the time it was made (and thus cannot give rise to a claim for damages), pregnant UPS employees will prospectively be eligible for light-duty assignments.”
The UPS move came as a surprise to many workers’ rights advocates and to Young’s attorneys.
“UPS is highlighting the injustice of its own position,” said Sam Bagenstos, one of Young’s attorneys. “In the future, they want to give people like her fair treatment. But they’re still denying her recompense for the unfair treatment that they gave her.”
The move, he said, “shows that what Peggy Young has been asking for all along is common sense.”
Young’s supporters say the UPS policy change comes as Young’s case has drawn increasing support from all across the political spectrum , including conservative groups opposed to abortion, like Americans United for Life, business groups, women’s groups, workers’ rights advocates and the left-leaning American Civil Liberties Union.
“This has been a public relations nightmare for UPS,” said Tom Spiggle, an employment attorney and author of a book on pregnancy discrimination, “You’re Pregnant? You’re Fired!”
In their brief, UPS attorneys say the change in policy is the result of new pregnancy accommodation guidelines issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and a growing number of states passing pregnant workers’ fairness laws mandating reasonable accommodations – some in unanimous votes.
UPS argues that its change in policy is voluntary, and not required under the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the federal law at the heart of the Supreme Court case. It will give the company, the world’s largest package delivery service, “operational consistency,” throughout the states.
The Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978 was intended to help keep pregnant workers on the job. But different courts have interpreted it in different ways. Should pregnant workers with temporary, pregnancy-related disabilities be treated like those injured on the job and given accommodations? Or, like the workers who threw their backs out mowing the lawn over the weekend, and given none?
Workers’ rights advocates are hoping the Supreme Court will clear up the confusion. Support for a proposed federal Pregnant Workers Fairness bill, which would mandate reasonable accommodations for pregnancy-related medical conditions, has been on hold, advocates say, awaiting the decision.
Emily Martin, vice president and general counsel of the National Women’s Law Center, who filed an amicus brief on behalf of Peggy Young, said the change in UPS policy was as surprising as it was puzzling.
“It undermines every argument that they’ve been making,” she said. “They said they couldn’t give pregnant workers like Peggy Young accommodations because of collective bargaining agreements, and because it would be unduly burdensome. Well, apparently that’s not true anymore.”
For years, as the Young case has wound its way through federal district and circuit courts, UPS has maintained that, under the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, it is legal to only give light duty or other work accommodations to employees injured on the job. And though pregnant workers may temporarily be sidelined from physically demanding jobs with pregnancy-related back trouble, gestational diabetes, carpal tunnel syndrome and other physical ailments, those injuries didn’t happen on the job. So no light duty.
Pregnant workers like Peggy Young at UPS have been expected to either keep doing the heavy lifting, or take leave. At a number of other workplaces , while those injured on the job are given accommodations to keep working, workers with pregnancy-related medical disabilities have been denied water bottles to stay hydrated, stools to help get them off their feet all day, additional bathroom breaks. Some have even been fired, according to a growing number of pregnancy discrimination cases being filed with the EEOC.
Many of the hardest hit workers, EEOC statistics show , are those in low-wage or physically demanding, traditionally male-dominated jobs like construction and law enforcement.
Whatever the Supreme Court ultimately decides, the issue, now moot for future UPS workers, will be far-reaching for other companies, advocates say.
“There are many large companies that do not have pregnancy accommodations, or they’re not in jurisdictions that require it,” said Cynthia Calvert, an attorney with Workforce 21C who advises companies on policies to avoid caregiver discrimination. “UPS did the right thing. And, as a practical matter, they’re doing what many large employers that operate in multiple states should be doing.”
In recent months, Delaware, Illinois, West Virginia, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York City, Philadelphia and Providence, Rhode Island have passed laws to ensure pregnant workers receive reasonable accommodations to stay on the job. California and Hawaii already have laws on the books, and bills are pending in several states, including Georgia, Missouri, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Wisconsin and the District of Columbia.
To help expecting parents sort through the confusion, A Better Balance, an organization that advocates for working families, is launching an online site this week, babygate.abetterbalance.org , that offers a state-by-state guide to the myriad of federal and state laws and policies.
Supreme Court oral arguments in the Young v. UPS case are set for December 3.
Brigid Schulte writes about work-life issues and poverty, seeking to understand what it takes to live The Good Life across race, class and gender.

Commonwealth chief calls for reduction of army role in northern Sri LankaUpdated: October 29, 2014 16:48 IST
Commonwealth chief calls for reduction of army role in northern Sri Lanka
PTI
Special Arrangement Commonwealth Secretary-General Kamalesh Sharma.
TOPICS
Sri Lanka
Commonwealth Secretary General Kamalesh Sharma has called for scaling down Sri Lankan Army’s role in the war—ravaged northern province to address the “legitimate concerns” of the Tamil population.
“The steps that needed to be taken to empower the people affected by the conflict include addressing legitimate concerns about restricted and monitored movement of both the citizens of the province and those visiting them for lawful purposes,” Mr. Sharma said after visiting Jaffna, the erstwhile bastion of the LTTE.
“A continued reduction of the military role in civilian life in the (northern) province was important to see legitimate concerns of Tamils being addressed,” he added.
After the travel restrictions imposed in the northern provinces earlier this month, all foreign passport holders now require a permit before travelling to these areas.
Mr. Sharma, who is on a five-day official visit to Lanka, also criticised Sri Lankan Commissioner of Elections for lacking independence.
The Commonwealth was looking forward to deploy a team of poll observers in Lanka’s presidential elections expected to be announced soon, he said.
Earlier on Monday, Sharma met Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and discussed the reforms and objectives agreed upon at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) 2013 that took place in Colombo last November.
Mr. Rajapaksa is the current chair of the 54—nation body.
Sri Lankan Army fought a near three-decade-long civil war with the militants of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who wanted to create an independent Tamil state called Tamil Eelam in the north and the east of the island country.
The LTTE was defeated in 2009 following the death of its chief Velupillai Prabakaran.
The last phase of the civil war in 2009 has led to widespread accusations of human rights violations by both the army and the LTTE militants, leading to a UN investigation into alleged war crimes.

marched through the Hungarian capital BudapestHungarians march against draft internet tax
Protests began on Sunday but escalated on Tuesday as thousands marched over the Elizabeth bridge
Tens of thousands of protesters have marched through the Hungarian capital Budapest against plans to tax internet use in the biggest anti-government demonstration for years.
Huge crowds gathered in the capital's main squares and there were smaller rallies in six other cities.
The government has drafted a law which would levy a fee on each gigabyte of internet data transferred.
The EU has condemned it as a bad idea that could threaten political freedom.
Protests began in Hungary on Sunday, when demonstrators hurled old computer parts at the Budapest headquarters of Prime Minister Viktor Orban's ruling Fidesz party.
Under the proposals, internet providers would be made to pay 150 forints (£0.40; €0.50; $0.60) per gigabyte of data traffic.
Protesters wave an EU flag in front of policemen during the protest
The fee is one of a series of measures proposed by the government to bring down the budget deficit.
The ruling Fidesz party has tried to stem the anger by proposing a 700-forint cap on the tax for individuals and 5,000 forints for businesses.
But opponents believe the tax reflects the increasingly authoritarian style of Mr Orban.
For the first time, the ruling party's opponents from across the whole political spectrum, from the left to the far right now have a common cause, our correspondent says.
Despite divisions within Fidesz, Mr Orban commands broad popularity in Hungary and the party has won three elections this year.
The government criticised US charge d'affaires Andre Goodfriend after he was photographed among the protesters on Sunday.
More on This Story

the Telegraph reportsTesco suppliers call in audit teams over accounting scandal
World's biggest consumer goods groups concerned about UK operations due to    Tesco crisis
Tesco shares have lost half their value in 2014 Photo: PA
By Graham Ruddick , Retail Editor
10:00PM GMT 28 Oct 2014
Comments
Some of the world’s biggest consumer goods groups have flown in audit teams to    run the rule over their UK operations following the accounting scandal at    Tesco.
It is understood that companies including Unilever, Proctor & Gamble and    Coca-Cola are checking their UK businesses on the back of Tesco uncovering a £263m shortfall in its profits.
Tesco is facing the biggest crisis in its history after new chief executive    Dave Lewis, who was hired from Unilever, found a black hole in the company’s    profits.
The shortfall relates to the timing of payments from Tesco’s suppliers in the    UK, which include the world’s largest food and drink manufacturers. The    company believes that income from commercial deals was booked early.
Industry sources say the crisis has set off alarm bells within multinational    food and drink manufacturers about the practices in the UK supply chain,    prompting the due diligence checks to take place.
Related Articles
Tesco brand 'severely compromised': shoppers
21 Oct 2014
There is no suggestion of wrongdoing among the suppliers. However, there are    questions in the industry about how a black hole of that scale could emerge    in Britain’s biggest retailer, whether there are financial repercussions for    suppliers, and the seemingly complex nature of Tesco’s relationship with its    supply chain.
A Unilever spokesperson said: “We are doing due diligence checks, as you’d    rightly expect us to whenever there are external circumstances such as    these.”
P&G confirmed it was conducting similar investigations, while Reckitt    Benckiser said: “As you would expect we have done our due diligence.”
Mondelez, the owner of Cadbury, Kellogg’s and Coca-Cola declined to comment.
Tesco has suspended eight executives, including UK boss Chris Bush, while an    investigation into the scandal takes place. It is also withholding payments    worth £2m to Philip Clarke and Laurie McIlwee, its former chief executive    and chief financial officer.
Accounting firm Deloitte had completed an investigation into the scandal for    the Tesco. Tesco has declined to comment on its findings, apart from    confirming the shortfall was £263m and that the practices at the heart of    the scandal had been going on for longer than the last six months.
The findings of the Deloitte investigation are now with the Financial Conduct    Authority, the City regulator, which has pledged to launch a full    investigation.
A source close to the probe said Tesco had booked supplier contributions that    were conditional on hitting sales targets that it was not going to reach.
They claimed that a “small group” of employees, realising these sales targets    would not be hit, struck deals with suppliers to still make these payments    by offering benefits in the next financial period. These benefits were then    kept secret.
Tesco shares have lost halve their value in 2014, with high-profile investors    such as Warren Buffett and David Herro selling down their stakes in the    company.
Last week, Tesco a 92pc fall in pre-tax profits following the accounting    scandal and slide in UK sales. As well as the accounting scandal, Tesco is    battling fierce competition in the UK from the discounters Aldi and Lidl. In    the 26 weeks to August 23, like-for-like sales fell by 4.6pc in the UK for    Tesco.
 

Rory Cellan-Jones finds outNew computer spyware discovered
Every day, anyone who is connected to the internet leaves an ever bigger trail of data behind them. But how aware are we of who is collecting this information and of who benefits from it? I spent a day without data to to explore these questions.
My guide for this no-data diet is Dr George Danezis, an expert on privacy and information security at University College, London. As I sit at the breakfast table, handing over my gadgets he sets out the challenge I face:
"Your job today is going to be very difficult, You won't be able to use the internet, but you also won't be able to do lots of other things - in fact you won't be able to live a 21st Century life."
As someone who is addicted to being online, checking Twitter the moment I wake up, still reading online news last thing at night, giving up my smartphone is hard.
But George also makes me hand over my travel card and my BBC identity card which gets me into my office. Both record data about my location, so they have to go.
Even dogs can have a data trail if they're chipped
George explains that there are three big collectors of data: companies, governments and the police and the security services. Consumers may have grown accustomed to this data collection and in some cases see benefits.
But we may still be in the dark about some aspects. "It's collected for primary but also secondary purposes, you might be handing over data while you're shopping and that might be used later for marketing or working out health insurance."
I determine not to buy quite so many biscuits if that is going to send bad signals to my insurance company.
We head out with the dog for a walk, trying not to leave data as we go. George explains that we could not take the car without the risk of being tracked, either by my satnav or by number plate recognition systems.
And of course in London a bus is also out of the question - the drivers no longer take cash, only London's Oyster card.
Without my mobile phone, which constantly tells the network operator where I am, I should be safe just walking along, but then George points to the various CCTV cameras monitoring our progress along the High Street.
Using cash is no guarantee that your purchase cannot be tracked
Even a trip to the shops with cash rather than cards presents difficulties. "Big notes have their serial numbers tracked by the banks. If you take one out of the cash machine and give it to the shop they will pay it straight back into the bank and then you can be tracked."
I ask George whether I might be better staying at home.  For now, he says, that might be okay but what about when my home becomes smart?
"Right now you assume your kettle isn't sharing data but smart objects will be much more difficult to read. You might pick up some object that looks innocuous, like a kettle, and find out that it does actually share information."
We end up taking the dog for a walk in the woods. Surely here, far from CCTV cameras, mobile phones, smart cards, I am off the grid? But George points out that even Archie the dog is chipped, so in theory someone with a reader could work out where his owner is.
Can big data really revolutionise our world? We explore how the explosion of information and analysis will impact our lives and our privacy.
Power of big data
And, just as we dismiss that as totally far-fetched he comes up with something more unsettling.
"If someone like you who normally shares a lot of information suddenly goes totally dark, this in itself is quite noticeable and a lot of analytical systems out there will immediately notice that something odd is going on."
Once you have laid a data trail, it seems, even going off the grid does not work.
But having thoroughly unsettled me, George tells me not to be paranoid and gives me some tips for healthy data habits.
"There is a good reason to keep track of public policy around data - make sure that no more than necessary is collected. You should also make sure that the technology you have has options for being used without collecting data, which as we've seen today isn't easy."
Maybe we should all read those endless privacy statements from online companies instead of just pressing "Agree". Or perhaps it is time for consumers to demand more transparency and a better return for their data from all those who collect it.
 

Christie to help Branstad chase an elusive Iowa prize: Lee CountyBy Philip Rucker October 29 Follow @PhilipRucker
Christie's coming back to Iowa to help Branstad, left, capture the prize that's eluded him his entire career: tiny Lee Coutny. (AP Photo/The Des Moines Register, Bryon Houlgrave)
When New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie swoops into Iowa on Thursday to campaign for Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, he will not visit a population center like Des Moines or Cedar Rapids. Instead, the two governors are traveling to Burlington, a remote southeast Iowa town along the Mississippi River, where they will rally supporters at  a factory  that makes TV antennas and RV satellites.
You might wonder what’s so special about Burlington -- why this town would draw the likes of Christie, the Republican Governors Association chairman and likely 2016 presidential candidate, just five days before the midterm elections.
The answer lies a few miles south of Burlington in Lee County, home to 35,682 Iowans as of  the last Census , and Branstad’s elusive prize.
Of Iowa’s 99 counties, Lee is one of only two that Branstad has never carried in his four successful campaigns for governor. The other is Johnson County, home of the University of Iowa and so heavily Democratic it is considered out of reach for a Republican.
In 1982, when Branstad ran for governor the first time at age 36, he lost Lee County. He lost it again in his otherwise successful reelections in 1986, 1990 and 1994. When Branstad waged a comeback in 2010, Lee slipped through his grasp; he lost the county by 181 votes out of 11,946 cast.
Now, in what is likely to be Branstad’s final campaign, the 67-year-old governor with a signature mustache is coasting to an easy reelection.  Polls show  him leading by an average of 18 percentage points and  he has outraised  his Democratic opponent, state Sen. Jack Hatch, by a roughly five-to-one margin.
Free of the demands of a competitive race, Branstad is spending an inordinate amount of money, time and mental energy on moving Lee County to his win column once and for all. Aides say his focus on Lee borders on an obsession – and not only because his mother was born and raised one county over, in Burlington.
“This is a new day,” Branstad said recently. “It’s a new era. We’ve got a lot going for us in Lee County.”
Branstad spent the first five minutes of a September interview with The Washington Post talking about Lee County. Sitting in the conference room of his campaign headquarters near Des Moines, with an enlarged map of Iowa’s 99 counties hanging on the wall, Branstad explained in detail why he believes he will carry Lee.
“First of all,” the governor said, “I walked the  Tri-State Rodeo  Days Parade in Fort Madison last Saturday, in my cowboy boots, and I got a great response. And then I was back today.”
All told, Branstad has  visited Lee County 10 times  during his most recent four-year term as governor. When he announced in July he was running for reelection, he visited Lee on his campaign kick-off tour. He returned in July to headline the county Republican Party’s annual banquet. And Branstad’s team negotiated behind the scenes to hold one of this fall’s three gubernatorial debates in nearby Burlington. (“Unprecedented,” a Branstad aide said, noting that such events typically are held in Iowa’s larger cities.)
Branstad hasn’t stopped there. He’s airing television  ads in Illinois  – the Quincy market, to be precise, which includes 20-odd counties in Illinois and Missouri but just one in Iowa: Lee.
For Branstad, netting Lee is not only a matter of personal ego. He hopes it will be an exclamation point on Iowa’s economic recovery under his watch.
The blue-collar county was among the hardest hit during the Great Recession. The unemployment rate in Lee was at 11 percent when Branstad took office in January 2011. Today, the unemployment rate there is 7 percent. (Overall, the state’s unemployment rate is 4.6 percent.)
Branstad is quick to take credit for the economic boom in Lee and the rest of southeast Iowa, which he says has been spurred by his economic development initiatives and tax credits.
The governor recruited a $1.8 billion  fertilizer plant  – “the big gun,” he said in the interview – to Lee County, which has created more than 2,000 construction jobs and 240 permanent jobs. Branstad also worked to save  a county hospital  and the 400 jobs there.
Earlier this month, Branstad announced a $280 million wind-energy turbine expansion in Iowa. Blades for the new turbines will be manufactured by Siemens in – you guessed it – Lee County.
“These are really good jobs,” Branstad said.
The governor is working the county hard himself. On his website, Branstad lists 14 campaign co-chairs in Lee, a big number for a county so small. The Burlington Hawk Eye, the area’s newspaper, endorsed then-Gov. Chet Culver (D) over Branstad in 2010. But in an editorial this week,  the Hawk Eye  endorsed Branstad.
“It’s a very Democratic county,” Branstad said in the interview, “but we’ve got the locals with us.”
Philip Rucker is a national political correspondent for The Washington Post, where he has reported since 2005.

Obamas Ebola comebackBy Aaron Blake October 29 Follow @aaronblakewp
Nurse Nina Pham, who was declared Ebola-free by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, met with President Obama Friday afternoon at the White House. (AP)
The Ebola situation is a major headache for the White House and an emerging subplot in the 2014 election next week.
It also is something of a public-relations success for President Obama -- at least for now.
A new Washington Post-ABC News poll shows Americans approve of Obama's handling of the situation, 49 percent to 41 percent. His approval rating is up eight points from just two weeks ago, mostly thanks to people moving from "undecided" column into the more favorable one.
Obama still doesn't have majority support on the issue, but it's his highest approval rating on any given issue since he hit 50 percent on combating the Islamic State last month. Prior to that, he hadn't hit 50 percent -- or even 49 percent -- on an issue since January.
In other words, it's a little shot in the arm for a struggling White House. And it reinforces the cliche that a crisis can become a opportunity -- both political and to show leadership. For now, Obama's response is winning pretty positive reviews, and we're sure " the hug " (see above) didn't hurt.
Of course, the situation is still highly volatile, and Americans are still pretty concerned about the spread of the disease. There is also a lingering desire for more of a response.
But even as lawmakers have called for increased travel restrictions from the West African countries where Ebola has taken hold and some governors have unilaterally instituted tough and sometimes controversial new safeguards, the White House has largely stuck to its guns and insisted that travel bans would counter-productive. Obama even hit back (indirectly) at those governors in remarks Tuesday, insisting that decisions shouldn't be made just because people are scared .
"We don’t just react based on our fears," he said. "We react based on facts and judgment and making smart decisions."
But those fears are still very real, and the White House's firm stance could still be tested in the days and weeks ahead.
The WaPo-ABC poll also shows 70 percent of Americans still want some kind of travel ban -- little-changed from 67 percent two weeks ago -- and 61 percent think the government can still do more to prevent the disease from spreading in the United States, while 37 percent say it is doing all it can.
The White House still has to contend with those very real feelings, which will only increase if Ebola continues to spread.
But for now, it's a C-minus student who is suddenly pulling a B with the American people in a very important subject.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Mailbag: Griffins nearing return and moreRobert Griffin III warmed up on the field before Monday night’s win in Dallas. Should he have played in the game? (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Spirits are high at Redskins Park following Washington ’s upset win over the Cowboys.
As Jay Gruden continues to stress, this team still has a long way to go. But the performance at Dallas was a step in the right direction.
In today’s mailbag, we tackle the ongoing questions regarding Robert Griffin III ’s recovery and role, problems with the run game, promise from draft picks, and more.
Thanks as always for taking part in this week’s mailbag. Keep the questions coming throughout the week. E-mail them to me at mike.jones@washpost.com with the subject line of “Mailbag question.”
Here we go.
Don’t you find it a bit ludicrous that your “starter” was medically cleared to play and he is still inactive? Now, don’t get me wrong. I am very happy that we won [Monday] night, but I still think Griffin whether 100 percent or not gives us the best chance to win. Last night we deprived RGIII of valuable game-time reps. At times, I feel like the Redskins are simply not playing Griffin just to show that they did learn their lesson the first time and refuse to make the same mistake twice (ACL tear). With that being said; Please tell me your gut tells you Griffin will be playing against the Vikings this Sunday.
– Rob Fox
Actually, Griffin still hasn’t been medically cleared just yet. Doctors were encouraged by what they saw last week, but they still believed he needed another week or so to let the ligaments continue to strengthen. The coaches also believed Griffin would benefit from more practice reps to help knock off the rust from not having practiced or played in five weeks. I do think they are being very cautious because they don’t want to risk a setback, but they also know that Griffin will not be at his best if he’s still hobbling around. Remember, although Redskins doctors said four to six weeks, many other sports orthopedic surgeons described that as an extremely optimistic timeline. Griffin does look better, but even last week, his rollouts didn’t appear smooth. Was that because of the restrictive brace, or weakness in the joint? Hard to say because they won’t let us talk to him about this. But one more week doesn’t hurt.
Gruden has both short-term and long-term goals he has to keep in mind. Short-term, he has to give his team its best chance to win. A rusty, ineffective Griffin hurts those chances. Long-term, he has to develop Griffin and find out what he has in him. The best way for Griffin to develop is to be as close to healthy as possible. What’s my gut say? It’s still a little early to predict because they haven’t yet started practicing, and so I haven’t been able to see how Griffin looks this week compared to last week. But, Gruden describing him as “very, very, very close” does seem to indicate that he has a good chance of playing Sunday. We’ll closely monitor Wednesday, Thursday and Friday’s practices.
Gruden is adamant he will not rush Griffin back. If it means going with McCoy for another week and then bringing Griffin back after the bye, the coach is totally fine with that. He has enough confidence in McCoy, and he also sees Griffin’s health as one of the most important factors of the upcoming second-half stretch of the season. Griffin has plenty of questions swirling around him. Can he stay healthy? Can he run Gruden’s offense with efficiency? Can he provide the electrifying plays this team rode to a division title as a rookie? If Griffin gets out there, plays one or two weeks and tweaks his ankle again, then gets back out there and just looks okay because he’s still hobbled, that does nobody involved any good. Gruden gets that.
What is wrong with Alfred Morris? Is he injured? And why did the Redskins ever want to cut Kai Forbath?
– Giavanna in Chevy Chase
Morris just hasn’t been himself this season. He isn’t seeing cutback lanes the way he did his first two seasons, the explosiveness doesn’t seem to be there, he’s not hitting the holes with the same authority, and he’s not generating the same yards after contact. The reasons for these two areas of struggle remain somewhat of a mystery. Morris and his coaches haven’t been able to pinpoint the source of the struggles. It’s almost like a hitter in baseball: he’s in a slump of sorts and needs to break out. The second half of Monday’s game looked a lot better for Morris. He started picking up chunks of yardage here and there, and even ripped off a few longer runs. The Redskins need more of this. I’ll be curious to see how Morris, who has yet to have a 100-yard game, does once Griffin returns. The threat of his legs will command the attention of defenses, and should ease some pressure on Morris.
Redskins place kicker Kai Forbath kicks the game winning field goal in overtime Monday night. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
As far as Forbath goes, the Redskins had questions about Forbath because of his perceived lack of leg strength, particularly on kickoffs. Accuracy and distance weren’t a problem on field goals. Forbath currently boasts a career field goal percentage of 88.9 — the best in franchise history by kickers with at least 50 field-goal attempts. But a lack of touchbacks raised concern. Forbath, however, has exhibited improvement in this area. Through five games (he didn’t kick off in three games because of that groin injury) this season, Forbath has recorded 10 touchbacks. He had only 14 all of last season. That and the accuracy and consistency in field goals Forbath displayed both during the preseason (beating out Zach Hocker) and this regular season make him a keeper.
Gruden joked that there are days in practice where he sighs and thinks, “You know, we should probably look at another kicker.” The coach added, “but game day, he rises to the occasion all the time. He tells me all the time, ‘Hey, don’t worry about it. I’m a gamer. If I miss a couple in practice or pregame warmup – I don’t think he made a kick – I’m good. I’ll make them in the game.’ ‘Okay, Kai.’ Sure enough, he makes them in a game.” So, Forbath doesn’t appear to be going anywhere.
It has been good to see Gruden sit somebody for inefficiency in favor of somebody else to see what they’ve got. (Tom Compton for Tyler Polumbus, Akeem Davis for Jamarca Sanford, etc). That said, do you see any current starters (Ryan Clark in mind) in danger of losing their starting spot to a backup? Specifically, I’m wondering how come with the subpar play at safety, we haven’t seen Phil Thomas.
– Jey Williams, Martinsburg, W.Va.
Clark has indeed struggled, but the Redskins don’t have a lot of options behind him. Trenton Robinson can play free safety, but he’s not as experienced at reading offenses. Although Clark may miss some plays, he helps set up the young cornerbacks and serve as an extra set of eyes and an extension of the coaching staff for them. Thomas is a strong safety on the practice squad, and given Brandon Meriweather’s strong play Monday night, it’ll still be a while before Thomas gets called up. Davis is much better at special teams, and so he received another promotion to the 53-man roster ahead of Thomas. Coaches still like Thomas. But he didn’t play at all last season because of that foot injury, so he has a lot of ground to cover.
Guards Shawn Lauvao and Chris Chester struggle with consistency, but for now, their jobs seem safe because Spencer Long is still learning, and Josh LeRibeus hasn’t proven himself as a better option.
It seems the O-line had its best game of the season with Tom Compton in for Tyler Polumbus. There was one holding call on Niles Paul, and a false start on Compton. Certainly refreshing, given the line play (and the number of penalties called in the previous seven games). I’d be curious to know, how did Compton grade out in his first NFL start, and can we hope that the line will use this game as a springboard to overall better play in the second half of the season?
– Bob Swanson
Compton had some bright moments, and he also had a couple of rough spots. Most importantly, however, coaches were happy that he didn’t have any disastrous plays. They know that he will have ups and downs as he continues to learn the game. But they like his upside. It’s hard to say if this will serve as a jump-off point for the line, but Chester and Lauvao certainly need to do a better job of executing. Chester does a decent job in run blocking but has his struggles in pass protection. Lauvao has struggled both in the run and pass game. He needs to become more reliable for this offense.
 
Any insight on why Aldrick Robinson has totally disappeared from the offense? No interest in sending him and DeSean Jackson on simultaneous fly routes?
– Adam Gendell
Gruden said the decision to activate Santana Moss over Robinson had to do with the health of Andre Roberts more than anything. Although he hasn’t been on the injury report, Roberts has experienced some soreness in one of his knees the last few weeks, Gruden said, and coaches wanted to have Moss available because he is both No. 2 on the depth chart at punt returner and slot receiver. Limited versatility has hindered Robinson.
 
It’s obviously not 2012, but this win feels like the Thanksgiving win in Dallas that was a big part in that run.  Think that could be the same thing this year? Also, very impressed with Bashaud Breeland and David Amerson, but also Keenan Robinson. With these young players are we seeing the future of the defense and a turnaround for that unit?
 – Brian Murphy
You never know what a big, divisional win like that could do for this team. Trent Williams and Pierre Garcon both said after the game that they believe it could help propel their team another level. It’s hard to envision the Redskins running the table like they did following that Cowboys win in 2012, but by winning back-to-back games, they took a step toward respectability, and if they can win at Minnesota and then at home against Tampa Bay following the bye, then they’re 5-5 with six games left. Regarding the young defensive players, it does appear the Redskins have found some potential gems. If you include those three with Ryan Kerrigan and Jarvis Jenkins, you have five home-grown talents, which is what you want. Trent Murphy is still feeling his way along, so it’s hard to predict what he could be. But if he does blossom into the player the Redskins coaches believe he can be, then that’s six draft picks that will have paid off.
 
Amerson and Breeland both played really well last night against the Cowboys, especially Breeland, who forced a fumble and got his hands on the ball many other times. What do you think Breeland’s role will be next year when DeAngelo Hall comes back? Will Hall move into the slot?
– Eli Bookstaber
It’s still hard to say because we don’t know how Hall’s recovery will go, but if Breeland can turn in more performances like Monday’s, then it’d be very hard to take him out of the lineup. Opposite him is Amerson, who has been steady in his first year as a starter, and should only get better. If Hall can fully recover, either nickelback or possibly free safety could be in his future. He has talked about transitioning to safety (like Charles Woodson) to extend his career, but he has some work to do.
Do you think Gruden would ever consider DeSean Jackson for kick or punt returns to shore up special team production? Looks like vs. Dallas, perhaps a score was possible. Didn’t he do this in Philly? If nothing else, it would sure make the opponent re-think its kicks or punts. With your observation of Morgan Moses, does he crack the lineup any time soon? He has such size.
– Quincy Gare Caveness
Roanoke, Va.
Jackson will not have a full-time role as a return man. The Eagles only used him here and there in this role once he was their leading receiver. The Redskins can’t risk subjecting Jackson to injury while using him as a full-time return man. Andre Roberts has had a couple of nice punt returns, but he’s still re-acclimating himself to this role after not handling these duties since early in his career. The punt return units are a work in progress, and coaches have optimism that eventually, we could see more production as the season progresses. The chances on kick returns are limited with kickers booming the ball out of the back of the end zone, however. As far as Moses, he still has a ways to go. He’s making progress, but for now, Tom Compton is ahead of him, and that’s why Compton has replaced Tyler Polumbus as the starting right tackle. Moses does have size, but he needs to get better in pass protection and that involves identifying pass-rushers, reacting faster and improving technique.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Bring on the robot-staffed hotelsBy Matt McFarland October 29 Follow @mattmcfarland
You probably wouldn’t mind encountering this robot in a hotel hallway, provided you’re young. (Aloft Hotels)
The robots may be coming for their jobs , but that isn’t stopping millennials from being excited about staying in hotels staff by robots.
Research conducted by Software Advice delivered predictable findings — young people excited to try a new technology, and older people with little interest.
Of those who said they’d be very excited to utilize the services of a robot in a hotel, 62.7 percent were between the ages of 18 and 34. The overwhelming majority of respondents who said they were not excited about utilizing such a robot — 69.6 percent — were above the age of 45. Seventy seven percent of those who said they would choose a hotel with a robot over one without one were between the age of 18 and 34.
Taylor Short, a market research associate at Software Advice , who conducted the survey this September, chalked the differences up to the unique desires of different generations.
“If you can set millennials up in a hotel staffed by robots that’s something they can share on Facebook and Twitter,” Short said. “Something that creates a story that they can share with people whereas maybe baby boomers and older groups are looking for the classically high-end luxury hotel with the elaborate ballroom.”
Almost no hotel guests have encountered a robot during a stay, as only one hotel in Cupertino, Calif., has begun using a robot to make deliveries to rooms . So the novelty effect is still appealing. As robots become cheaper, and the trend toward automation continues , it’s reasonable to expect robots to be more common in hotels.
The survey gathered 1,944 total responses. Fifty six percent expressed at least some interest in utilizing robotic services in hotels.
Matt McFarland is the editor of Innovations. He's always looking for the next big thing. You can find him on Twitter and Facebook .

Donetsk airport: From a shiny testament of hope to a burned-out hulkBy Michael Birnbaum October 29 Follow @michaelbirnbaum
KIEV, Ukraine — Just months ago, Donetsk’s airport was a gleaming testament to Ukraine’s hopeful future. Now it is a dystopian burned-out hulk where intense fighting continues despite a nearly eight-week-old cease-fire.
The battle for Donetsk’s Sergey Prokofiev Airport comes during a period in which Ukraine’s warring sides are supposed to have officially laid down their arms. It is just the latest episode in the grinding conflict between Kiev and pro-Russian rebels in which words have frequently failed to match reality.
The rebels have carved out a portion of eastern Ukraine’s industrial heartland. If they seize the entirety of the airport, they will have gained a significant piece of infrastructure that could help them supply their proto-state, free from the control of Ukraine’s central government. They will also have eliminated a Ukrainian outpost close to their headquarters in the regional capital.
The Ukrainian soldiers who remain inside the airport — many of them poorly trained volunteers — have been nicknamed “cyborgs” by the Ukrainian media, a mark of respect and surprise that they have been able to hold on for so long. Ukraine’s need for the airport appears to be less pressing than the rebels' desire to take it over, but so many soldiers’ lives have been claimed in the fight to hold on to it that a loss would still sting bitterly.
The recently remodeled Donetsk International Airport was seized by Rebel troops (shown in orange) on May 26. Within hours, Ukrainian forces retook the facility, taking possession of the airport control tower, the old terminal, the new terminal and the surrounding buildings and hangars. View the whole graphic story .
“There’s no strategic value. It’s just a symbol,” said Vladimir Shylov, commander of a company in the Dnipro-1 Battalion, a volunteer pro-Kiev militia that has been fighting near the airport. “From the control tower, people in Donetsk see the Ukrainian flag flying. It’s a shock.”
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s May 25 election victory was just a few hours old when rebels stormed the airport for the first time. The rebels reportedly expected that the airport was so new and beautiful that the Kiev government would hand it over rather than see it destroyed. It was renovated just a few years ago, so that Donetsk could host portions of the 2012 European soccer championship. But the government routed the rebels in a violent confrontation.
Since then, Kiev’s forces have held on to the airport even as it has been the scene of intense clashes. Ukrainian leaders have floated the idea of a land swap in which they give control of the airport to the rebels in exchange for a portion of separatist-controlled territory elsewhere in the Donetsk region. But the rebels appear to have shown little interest in the prospect.
Parliamentary elections held Sunday showed unexpectedly strong support for Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, a Poroshenko ally who has criticized the cease-fire as giving in to the rebels and to Russia. On Nov. 2, rebels plan to hold elections of their own, further solidifying the split between the two sides.
For now, the battle continues to rage as the tenuous cease-fire persists, in name if not in actuality.
Michael Birnbaum is The Post’s Moscow bureau chief. He previously served as the Berlin correspondent and an education reporter.

One states simple plan for reducing unnecessary ER visitsBy Jason Millman October 29 Follow @jasonmillman
Past coverage expansions have meant more crowded emergency rooms, research shows. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)
The emergency room is supposed to be just for emergencies, but we know that it isn't always used that way. Depending on the estimate, anywhere between  8 percent and 27 percent of care provided in ERs isn't for medical emergencies and could have been provided in a cheaper setting.
It's a costly problem that's especially relevant as state Medicaid programs expand under the Affordable Care Act. Past research shows that coverage expansions to low-income populations led to a pretty immediate and rapid spike in ER traffic (though there's also evidence the effect was just temporary .)
With this in mind, Utah Gov. Gary Herbert is offering a plan intended to keep down ER overuse. The Republican governor is soon set to unveil a Medicaid expansion plan that will reward people for agreeing to stay out of the ER for non-emergency care, but also penalize them when they wind up there.
Like most Republican governors looking to extend coverage, Herbert isn't supporting Obamacare's straight-forward expansion of Medicaid to all adults below 138 percent of the federal poverty level (or $16,104 for an individual). He's been negotiating with the Obama administration for months on an expansion package that includes program reforms and requires higher-income enrollees to contribute more money to their care.
Under Herbert's expansion plan, known as Healthy Utah, enrollees earning above the federal poverty level will pay a small premium. The price details are still being worked out with the feds, but Herbert's office is expecting the premium to be about $15 per month for an individual. Enrollees will see their premium discounted if they opt into a plan that penalizes them with a $50 co-pay each time they use the ER for a non-emergency — that's much higher than the usual $8 co-pay allowed under normal Medicaid rules. Utah will also offer a regular coverage plan that doesn't include this extra penalty for overusing the ER.
"By charging a higher co-pay, it is hoped that Healthy Utah can help reduce unnecessary use of the emergency room, which is a costly place to receive basic health care services," said Utah Department of Health spokeswoman Kolbi Young.
Utah and federal Medicaid officials have agreed to this approach, according to Herbert's office. Herbert is expected to release an official proposal within a couple of weeks, though it's pretty uncertain whether the Republican-controlled Utah legislature will back him on this. So far, state lawmakers have been pretty resistant to Obamacare's coverage expansion.
It's also not clear how many enrollees would choose the optional plan with the ER penalty. And more details are needed on how the state would distinguish between emergency and non-emergency care — and how that is then communicated to enrollees.
Joan Alker, a Medicaid expert at Georgetown University, said she's concerned by the complexity of some states' alternative approaches to the Medicaid expansion. And she said it's important to understand what's driving more traffic to the ERs.
"Everyone would like to reduce non-emergency use of the ER — that's a win-win," she said. "I hope such an approach would be data-driven and look at why folks were using the ER if they didn't need to. Is it because other options are not available to them?"
A story from Kaiser Health News on Tuesday helps explain why a new enrollee might seek out care in the ER instead of going to the doctor's office. As 57-year-old Nevada resident Carolyn Oatman explained it, finding a doctor has been challenging since the state's Medicaid expansion took effect this year. From the KHN story:
Sometimes, when Oatman needs to see a doctor in a hurry, she drives to the nearest emergency room – getting care where it costs taxpayers the most.
“I love it on Medicaid because now I can go the emergency room when I need to and don’t have to worry about the bill,” said Oatman.
You could see how a plan like Utah's would change that calculation, since an unnecessary ER visit would cost her $50. But Oatman's story also points to another problem — ensuring timely access to primary care. It's a reminder that you can't fix ER overuse without addressing what's causing the problem in the first place.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

Amy Poehler  Tina Fey and Mindy Kalings thoughts on stressBy Emily Yahr October 29 Follow @emilyyahr
Amy Poehler (Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
Finally, Amy Poehler followed in the grand tradition of network-TV comedy actresses and wrote a memoir. “Yes Please,” released on Tuesday, followed such gems as Mindy Kaling’s “Is Everybody Hanging Out Without Me? (And Other Concerns)” in 2012, and Tina Fey’s “Bossypants” in 2013.
One very timely subject addressed in all three books: stress. There’s a lot of it everywhere, obviously. Fey created, executive-produced, wrote and starred in “30 Rock,” and Kaling does the same for “The Mindy Project,” which is now in its third season. Poehler is the lead on “Parks and Recreation.”  For all those wondering whether they ever freak out about all their many, many responsibilities: All three addressed it in their books, in ways that seem very in tune with their personalities.
Amy Poehler: No nonsense.
Poehler devotes much of her book introduction to how tough it is to pen a memoir when you’re a single mom with two kids (and going through a divorce), in addition to starring on a television show. She describes the process of writing the book as “hacking away at a freezer with a screwdriver.” Later, she talks about how she hates when people say “I honestly don’t know how you do it.”
She also wishes it would be socially acceptable to explode with anger when people say that. “In my fantasy I would answer, ‘What do you mean how do I do it? Do you really want to know the ins and outs of my nanny schedule? Do you want to know how I balance child care with my husband and the different ways I manipulate and negotiate work to help me put my kids first when needed?” she writes. (She adds she wishes she could answer with these responses: “‘Ambivalence.’ ‘Drugs.’ ‘Robots.’”)
Mindy Kaling (Thos Robinson/Getty Images for the New Yorker)
Mindy Kaling: Keeps it real with logic.
Kaling admits that she has a lot going on, but doesn’t want to get caught complaining about it. “I do not think stress is a legitimate topic of conversation, in public anyway,” Kaling writes. “No one ever wants to hear how stressed out anyone else is, because most of the time everyone is stressed out.” She explained that when she was little, her parents worked brutal hours (her dad had a nearly three-hour commute to work each way) and never complained. After seeing that, she could never claim to be sooo crunched for time.
“Going on and on in detail about how stressed out I am isn’t conversation. It’ll never lead anywhere,” Kaling continues. “No one is going to say, ‘Wow, Mindy, you really have it especially bad. I have heard some stories of stress, but this just takes the cake.’”
Tina Fey (Mario Anzuoni/Reuters)
Tina Fey: Goes with humor.
Fey had an epic chapter in her book that included a normal Saturday in her life: Shooting a scene with Oprah for “30 Rock”; getting ready to play Sarah Palin on “Saturday Night Live” that night; and planning her daughter’s third birthday party.
Fey recalls that she handled it all calmly. Still, even famous multi-tasker Oprah was horrified by the amount of things that Fey had going on and offered her concern. That led to this quote that we should all live by: “When Oprah Winfrey is suggesting you may have overextended yourself, you need to examine your (expletive) life.”
1 of 20

Movie review by Anupama Chopra: Happy New Year is a slogCast: Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Anupam Kher, Jackie Shroff
Director: Farah Khan
Rating: 2/5
A still from Happy New Year
Happy New Year exists for one purpose — to entertain. And Farah Khan, inheritor of the Manmohan Desai mantle, has proved that she is more than capable of giving us a good time. But in Happy New Year, the desire to entertain overshadows everything else — script, characters, coherence, narrative logic. The result is a 179-minute film that simply beats you into submission. It is frantic, noisy, gaudy and, largely, joyless. Farah takes the framework of the traditional heist movie and bungs in revenge, melodrama, comedy, romance, countless dazzling dance sequences and, as a climactic flourish, a dose of patriotism.
Also read: Happy New Year makes Rs. 45 crore on opening day
Shah Rukh Khan is Charlie, described as a Boston University ka topper, who can’t find a job because his father (Anupam Kher) is imprisoned under false robbery charges. Charlie seeks revenge against the man who ruined his life. The revenge involves the famed Atlantis hotel in Dubai, a monstrously large safe, the world dance championship, too many product placements and diamonds worth '300 crore dollars'. Charlie’s crew consists of five oddballs who are losers. So it’s up to Shah Rukh to keep Happy New Year going. He displays his eight-pack abs, beats up many baddies and still romances with utmost conviction.
Watch: Happy New Trailer 
I have a very high tolerance level for anything Shah Rukh is in, and yet Happy New Year was a slog. Which compels me to repeat a line from my review of Chennai Express: Come back, Rahul. All is forgiven.

Hero Santhanam strikes againUpdated: October 27, 2014 19:20 IST
‘Hero’ Santhanam strikes again
Tamil cinema
The star gets talking about his second film as hero and why he’s decided to slow down
After working 24x7 in a quest to make people laugh, funnyman Santhanam is finally working at a comfortable pace. He’s shooting for his second film as hero and has signed up as comedian for just a handful of movies, most of them with established stars. “I’ve finally managed to achieve that elusive work-life balance,” he smiles.
Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham, in which Santhanam turned hero, did good business and showed people that he could dance and send the baddies flying. That has given him the confidence to try his luck as hero again. The yet-untitled film will be directed by his Lollu Sabha writer-friends Murugan and Anand, who have also worked in advertising. “It’s a rom-com that is targeted at today’s social media-driven youth. It will speak about their mindset and try and set a new formula,” says Santhanam. Playing the leading ladies are his Vallavanukku heroine Ashna Zaveri and Akhila Kishore, who won audiences with her act in Kathai Thiraikathai Vasanam Iyakkam. Lending some weight to the proceedings will be Thambi Ramaiah, Rohini and Karunakaran.
His third project as hero is in the script discussion stage.
Other than this, Santhanam is part of Superstar’s Lingaa, Siva’s Ajith starrer, Sundar C’s Aambala and a chosen clutch of other movies. “The film with Siva was decided during Veeram itself. As for Rajini sir, he’s a genius and I’m his die-hard fan. I’ve learnt so many life lessons from him. He’s so philosophical and spiritual, and that’s rubbing off on me. His experience, script choices… there’s so much to listen to and imbibe,” says Santhanam.
The actor says that cutting down on work is helping him recoup and come up with fresh ideas. “Earlier, I was just not able to sleep well. I would keep thinking of what to do next and how different I can get. Now, I’m more relaxed; I spend time at home. Money alone does not matter. I’m still in my 30s. I need not get greedy. I've decided to slow down,” he says.
And so, Santhanam has made it a point to do films that appeal to him — “Rasikara, nesikara script,” as he puts it.
It helps that he has a huge circle of friends who encourage him. There’s director Rajesh and actors Arya and Simbu, among others. Santhanam says they backed him when he decided to turn hero. His gamble paid off. “Earlier, I was just seen on the comedy channels. This Vinayaka Chathurthi, I was delighted that my Vallavanukku was shown on a movie channel!”

Gangotri glacier is rapidly disintegratingUpdated: October 27, 2014 19:14 IST
Gangotri glacier is ‘rapidly disintegrating’
Kavita Upadhyay
AP File photo of Greenpeace activists hang from Howrah Bridge in Kolkata unfurling banners to raise alarm about the impact of human induced climate change on River Ganges.
TOPICS
conservation
The Gangotri glacier is rapidly disintegrating, states the latest observation of a team from the Almora-based G.B. Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development.
The team of the institute, which has been monitoring the Himalayan glaciers, particularly the Gangotri, since 1999, visited the glacier between June and October, this year.
Kireet Kumar, Scientist in the Glacial Study Centre of the institute, said, “Our team has been observing disintegration in the snout of the Gangotri glacier for around three year now. This time the team observed that the disintegration on the right side of the snout is taking place at a rapid rate.”
Dr. Kumar said rapid melting of the Raktvarn, Chaturangi, and Thelu — tributary glaciers of the Gangotri, which are placed at a higher altitude than the Gangotri and are towards its right — as the reason behind the heavy disintegration.
Gangotri: Shrinking and retreating
A 2008 research report published in Current Science titled ‘Estimation of retreat rate of Gangotri glacier using rapid static and kinematic GPS survey,’ stated: ‘The Gangotri glacier is retreating like other glaciers in the Himalayas and its volume and size are shrinking as well.’
The glacier has retreated more than 1,500 metres (m) in the last 70 years. Post 1971, the rate of retreat of the glacier has declined. Dr Kumar said the latest data projects that post 2000 the average rate of retreat of the glacier per year has been about 12 to 13 m.
Dr. Kumar said global warming was not the only factor, but, it was an important factor that was resulting in glacial retreat.
The Gangotri, one of the largest Himalayan glaciers, is in Uttarkashi district. Originating at about 7,100 m above sea level, the glacier is 30.2 kilometre (km) long and has a width that varies between 0.5 and 2.5 km. The Bhagirathi river, which is one of the main tributaries of the Ganga, originates from the glacier.

Chesnot / Getty Images Contributor
Japanese telecom giant SoftBank to invest $10 billion in IndiaJapanese telecom giant SoftBank to invest $10 billion in India
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Bangalore, October 28, 2014
First Published: 00:57 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:09 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
In one of the biggest investment commitments from a Japanese company since Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the country, telecom giant SoftBank has pledged to invest $10 billion (over Rs. 60,000 crore) in India's IT sector over the coming years. Japanese companies had committed an investment of $35 billion in India during Modi's visit in September.
The proposed investment was committed by Softbank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son during a meeting with telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, an official statement said. "Mr Son today (Monday) assured the minister that SoftBank would like to invest $10 billion in India in the coming years. He placed it on record that India is the top most priority for SoftBank."
The Japanese giant will invest about $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in e-commerce major Snapdeal, sources said in Bangalore. An announcement is likely to be made on Tuesday. When contacted, Snapdeal termed the investment figure as "speculative".
"CEO of SoftBank Mr Masayoshi Son met me today (Monday). He expressed great optimism in India's changed investment climate and in the leadership of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi," Prasad said on Facebook.
Son met Modi later in the day.
Son, who is Japan's richest businessman with a net worth of $19.7 billion as on April 2014, ranks 45th in Forbes' list of the world's most powerful people.
With a market value of $92 billion, SoftBank has operations in broadband, fixed line telecom, e-commerce, finance, media and marketing. It currently has investments in several Indian companies such as mobile ad network InMobi and messenger Hike, which is promoted by Kavin Mittal, son of Bharti Group chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal.
Son had wooed away India-born Google executive Nikesh Arora in July this year, and made him vice-chairman at SoftBank.
Betting big on Indian e-commerce space, Son said the sector has the potential to touch $500 billion in the next 10 years from the current size of about $16 billion, creating more jobs.
During the interaction, Prasad highlighted India's potential in the field of electronics and IT. Son asked Prasad to develop a robust mobile phone infrastructure and resolve spectrum-related issues.
In 2007, SoftBank had established a subsidiary in India called Japan Telecom India Pvt Ltd. Earlier this month, SoftBank Corp signed an agreement to invest $250 million in media company Legendary Entertainment.
(With agency inputs)

Economy to grow 5.6% in 2014-15  6.4% next year: World BankComments
With reforms gaining momentum and macro-economic fundamentals improving, India's growth story was back on track, the World Bank said on Monday.
India's economy is set to grow 5.6% in 2014-15, 6.4% in 2015-16 and 7% in 2016-17, according to the latest India Development Update released by the Bank.
The country has seen sub-5% growth in the last two fiscal years.
Implementing Goods and Services Tax and dismantling inter-state check posts are critical to manufacturing revival, which in turn will aid growth. In fact, simply halving the delays due to road blocks, tolls and other stoppages could cut freight times by 20-30% and logistics costs by 30-40%, the report said.
"This alone can go a long way in boosting the competitiveness of India's key manufacturing sectors by 3 to 4% of net sales, thereby helping India return to a high-growth path and enabling job creation," it said.
"Benign oil prices and stronger performance in the US would also support recovery," said Denis Medvedev, senior country economist, World Bank India.
The projections could face risks from external shocks including financial market disruptions arising out of changes in monetary policies globally, slower global growth and rising oil prices.
"Implementing GST will eliminate inefficient tax cascading, and boost manufacturing… the impact of reform, particularly if enhanced by a systematic dismantling of inter-state check posts, can boost competitiveness and help offset risks to the outlook," Medvedev said, adding the pace of reform has accelerated but will need to be sustained.
Manufacturing accounts for around 16% of GDP in India compared to more than 20% in Brazil, China, Indonesia, Korea and Malaysia.

Mumbai University in world top 10 for billionaire alumniMumbai University in world top 10 for billionaire alumni
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 00:41 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:55 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Mumbai University, it turns out, has produced more billionaires than IITs.
Singapore-based research firm Wealth-X and Swiss bank UBS said in a recent report that Mumbai University ranks ninth in the world, ahead of even premium institutions such as the London School of Economics and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, with about 12 billionaire alumni.
University of Pennsylvania led the list with 25 billionaires.
There is a difference, though. Most of the individuals in Mumbai are part of old, large business families and have inherited part of their wealth, compared to the emerging rich from the new economy such as IT and services. Some families that can trace their origins to Mumbai include the Ambanis, the Mahindras and the Piramals, among others.
"Mumbai was the industrial and financial capital for India (since British times)," said Dileep Choksi, a former managing partner of Deloitte, who now looks after the affairs of large business families through Universal Trustees.
But growing population and inadequate infrastructure is forcing businesses to shift away from Mumbai.
"This could eventually lead to a fall in the number of billionaires as money will be made elsewhere," said Mita Dixit, family business adviser and leading researcher of Indian business families.
"Moreover, the new generation of most families are diversifying, which will take some time to grow," said Dixit.
Although UBS did not elaborate, some of the individuals who feature on the list include Mukesh Ambani ($23.6 billion), Anil Ambani ($6.3 billion), Kumar Mangalam Birla ($9.2 billion), Ajay Piramal ($2.1 billion), Rakesh Jhunjhunwala ($1.9 billion), Ashwin Choksi ($1.7 billion) and Niranjan Hiranandani ($1.2 billion).
According to Sunil Shah of Evergreen Family Business Advisors, the main reason for the concentration of wealth in Mumbai is that large business families work on creating growth with harmony.
And family disputes have been mainly responsible for the decline of wealth in cities such as Delhi and Kolkata.
Mumbai University is the only institution outside the US and the UK to feature in Wealth-X's list. The Indian Institutes of Technology did not feature even in the top 20, though they are the best institutions in the country in terms of academic excellence.

Bribery woes  but it s biz as usual at Oracle IndiaComments
Even as bribery allegations and an unexpected exit of its India MD make headlines, computer technology firm Oracle maintains that it is business as usual for the company in India.
"We have categorically denied allegations made against Oracle India. It is business as usual for us. We have shared our stand with our customers and partners and they stand by us. Our business is in no way affected by these allegations," interim MD Shailendra Kumar, who took charge after Sandeep Mathur quit, told HT.
HT had first reported on October 9 that Sandeep Mathur had quit Oracle.
Following his exit, reports also surfaced about an anonymous whistle blower writing to the company's US office about a channel partner violating norms for a contract from the Andhra Pradesh government. Oracle had strongly denied those reports.
Kumar refused to elaborate on what led to Mathur's sudden exit and said the company is moving ahead with its plans to roll out offices in smaller cities and invest in sales force. The company sees greater business from the public sector following a new government at the Centre, he added.
"Our India business is growing better than the global business. We have set up five offices as part of our geo-expansion strategy in Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune and Ahmedabad. The second phase of this expansion will see us growing in the north where there are untapped opportunities," Kumar said.
"The growth in smaller cities will also be pegged on our cloud offerings," he said.
"Public sector is an important focus area and the digitisation initiatives under the current regime offer huge business opportunities for us to partner for improving government operations and citizen service delivery mechanisms," he said.
According to a Gartner study, public sector spending in IT products and services in India is likely to hit $6.4 billion (Rs 39,260 crore) in 2014. The pace of spending in India may make it the third-largest IT market in the Asia-Pacific by 2016 and second-largest by 2018, the report said.

Air Asia to induct 10 more aircraft next yearUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:35 IST
Air Asia to induct 10 more aircraft next year
PTI
Reuters There would be no change and variations in the type of aircraft the airliner plans to induct.
TOPICS
air transport
Budget carrier Air Asia plans to induct 10 more aircraft next year that would take the strength of its fleet to 15. “I think realistically we may do ten aircraft by next year. January and February, probably we won’t have many. Ten more aircraft next year, taking the total tally to 15 aircraft,” Air Asia CEO Mittu Chandilya said.
He was speaking on the sidelines of unveiling of Bangalore Raptors official team jersey ceremony in the presence of ace Indian tennis legend Vijay Amritraj who is conducting the Champions Tennis League (CTL).
Mr. Chandilya, also the owner of the Bangalore franchise of CTL, said the airliner planned to put in place one aircraft-a-year plan. “It depends upon when the aircraft are ready because our schedules are very tight and by next year we really want to have one-aircraft-a-year plan.”
He, however, said there would be no change and variations in the type of aircraft the airliner plans to induct. “There will be no change and no variation in the type of aircraft to be inducted. We will induct A-320s which will be a mix of ceos (current engine option) and neos (new engine option),” he added. The airliner will be getting neos in 2016 as per delivery, Mr. Chandilya said.
He said he would be announcing two new routes next week, but refrained from divulging the information in detail. Mr. Chandilya said growth was key factor for the airliner and its targets will be based on scales. Asked whether the new route falls in the eastern parts of India, Mr. Chandilya said, “Of course it will be in India. I rather keep it surprise because you guys will see. It shouldn’t be too much of a surprise, but I think it will be exciting routes,” he said.

Zip up  winters hereUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:23 IST
Zip up, winter’s here
Ranjani Rajendra
Tweet
Special arrangement There are a variety of jackets available that can be teamed up with both Indian and Western outfits this winter.
Special arrangement There are a variety of jackets available that can be teamed up with both Indian and Western outfits this winter.
Special arrangement There are a variety of jackets available that can be teamed up with both Indian and Western outfits this winter.
Special arrangement There are a variety of jackets available that can be teamed up with both Indian and Western outfits this winter.
TOPICS
clothes and dressing
Scarves and jackets seem to be ruling for city youngsters looking to pep up their style quotient this time of the year
There’s a slight nip in the air and it’s time to pull out all those fancy jackets and scarves to amp up your style quotient. Sure we might not experience biting cold to merit heavy extra layers of clothing but the dewy Hyderabadi mornings are reason enough to add that extra layer to your outfit and look your fashionable best. Jackets and scarves have become most youngsters’ go-to accessories this season.
With a variety of styles available in both versatile pieces of clothing, there is no end to how they can be teamed up with every day outfits for that extra bit of glamour. From bomber jackets for the guys to the prettily cut bolero for women there is a lot to choose from. “Leather jackets are timeless and there are also plenty of belted jackets as well as slightly longer ones doing the rounds. In case one wishes to wear shorter jackets then the ones with the cross zippers are a great option. They look quite snazzy,” says designer Esha Hindocha.
Designer Sridevi Kalimishetty agrees. “This is the season when people love to dress up and play around with layers. A jacket or a scarf is a great way to pep up a tank top or t-shirt. There are a variety of jackets to choose from; stylised blazers, waistcoats, boleros, patchwork jackets or those with appliqué work and even quilted ones. They are a great way to add structure and form to an outfit. During the day jersey jackets and hoodies look great,” she says.
Both jackets and scarves are also a great way to brighten up one’s look believe youngsters. Rashi Misra, an MBA student, loves pepping up her outfits with cardigans and scarves. “I believe jackets and scarves are the coolest add-ons for an outfit, especially for evenings and the approaching winter. I love wearing cardigans and scarves to movies or for a night out with friends. You can be experimental this fall and not stick with the standard dull colours. Instead, pair a plain black round neck tee with a nice mustard coloured scarf to add a hint of colour and lend the tee a whole new dimension,” she says.
“I love choosing scarves with prints for college. It’s the easiest way to accessorise without seeming over the top and it keeps me warm in the mornings and evenings. While I don’t really wear woollen scarves, just that extra layer is good enough for our kind of winters,” says Amrita K., a student. She adds that she loves pairing her dresses with jackets for an instantly dressy look. “Be it knee-length or long dresses I like to thrown on a short jacket, usually denim or a light corduroy one, to pep up my look. I also have a sleeveless waistcoat style jacket that I wear on plain t-shirts and kurtas to accessorise,” she adds.
“Jackets are versatile pieces of clothing and can easily be teamed with both Indian and Western outfits. For instance, a short gold jacket would go just as well with a sari, tank top with jeans and even with dhotis, harem pants or palazzos. Even the longer ones can be teamed up just as easily with a variety of outfits. For a richer look one could always opt for jackets made with brocade or velvet to go with an Indian outfit,” says Vyshnavi Reddy, a designer. Boleros, quilted jackets and knitted shrugs also look great with dresses and on skirts.
The key, say designers, is to keep accessories to a minimum. “The jackets and scarves themselves accentuate a look, so it’s best to keep the rest of the outfit clutter-free,” explains Esha.

Kohli slips to third spot in ODI batsmens rankingsUpdated: October 28, 2014 17:32 IST
Kohli slips to third spot in ODI batsmen’s rankings
PTI
The Hindu Kohli will have a chance to climb up the ladder once again when he takes to the field against Sri Lanka in the five-match ODI series. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Virat Kohli has slipped a rung but is still the best-placed Indian batsman at third position in the latest ICC ODI batsmen’s rankings list released on Tuesday.
Kohli, who has lost a place following South African Hashim Amla’s upward movement, will have a chance to climb up the ladder once again when he takes to the field against Sri Lanka in the five-match ODI series, commencing on November 2.
Only two ratings points separate the second and third ranked batsmen in the table, which is headed by South Africa's AB de Villiers.
India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni is steady at number six but Shikhar Dhawan has lost a place to be ninth.
In the bowlers’ list, India’s Ravindra Jadeja and Bhuvneshwar Kumar remain at sixth and seventh positions, respectively.Pakistan’s Saeed Ajmal maintains his number one spot in the chart.
SA reclaims top spot
World champion India is still at number three in the team rankings but South Africa has reclaimed the number-one ODI ranking after five years following the conclusion of the the three-match ODI series against New Zealand in New Zealand.
South Africa had entered the series trailing Australia by a rating point. It moved to the top of the table following its 72 runs victory in the second ODI. Although, the third and final ODI of the series in Hamilton was washed-out, the Proteas managed to grab the numero uno position.
This is the first time in five years that South Africa has surged to the top of the ODI team table. It last enjoyed the number-one position in September 2009, before losing the status to Australia following its first round elimination from the 2009 Champions Trophy.

Startup Fights Fraud With Tools From Facebook  NSA
SC orders govt. to submit all black money names todayNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 01:33 IST
SC orders govt. to submit all black money names today
J. Venkatesan
The Hindu The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the government to place before it names of all Indian account holders in foreign banks by Wednesday. File photo
TOPICS
government
Slamming the Centre for holding a protective umbrella over persons stashing black money in bank accounts abroad, the Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the government to disclose all their names in a sealed cover by Wednesday. A three-judge Bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu and Justices Ranjana Desai and Madan B. Lokur rejected the argument of Attorney-General Mukul Rohatgi for a modification of the order directing disclosure of all the names.
“Don’t tell us to modify our order. We will not modify or change even a word in our order. You give us all information you received from foreign countries and we will decide the course of the probe. Why are you providing a protective umbrella to foreign bank account holders? You do not have to take interest in people having foreign bank accounts. The SIT will take care of it,” the Chief Justice told Mr. Rohatgi.
“We will decide whether to order a CBI or an Income Tax probe or entrust the probe to some other agency. We can’t leave the issue of bringing back black money to the government.” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told presspersons here on Tuesday that the government had no difficulty in placing before the Supreme Court the list of black money account holders.

From RSS poster boy to Maharashtras top postUpdated: October 31, 2014 17:20 IST
From RSS poster boy to Maharashtra’s top post
Priyanka Kakodkar
PTI Devendra Fadnavis was chosen as Maharashtra's chief ministerial candidate by the BJP Legislature Party.
TOPICS
government
The rise of the former mayor from Nagpur has been nothing short of dramatic.
If there was one man who stood out in the scramble for the Chief Minister’s post in the BJP, it was ironically the one who made it. As his rivals made a public spectacle of their ambitions, the party’s State unit chief Devendra Fadnavis merely said, “The party will decide.”
The 44-year-old former Mayor of Nagpur, home to the RSS headquarters, knows that tact and self-control go a long way in politics.
Mr. Fadnavis’ political graph is nothing short of dramatic. The Law graduate, who worked closely with the party’s youth wing, became a corporator in 1992. Within five years, at the age of just 27, he became the youngest Mayor of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation. This was no mean feat given Union Minister Nitin Gadkari’s territorial control of the BJP in this region. It was followed by an unbroken four-term stint as Nagpur MLA and now the top post.
The Brahmin leader’s RSS pedigree may have worked in his favour when it came to his party’s choice as the BJP’s first Chief Minister for Maharashtra. His father Gangadharrao Gadgil was a senior Jan Sangh leader and later a BJP MLC. His aunt Shobhatai Fadnavis was a Cabinet Minister in the Shiv Sena-BJP government. Mr. Fadnavis himself cut his political teeth in the BJP’s youth wing, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad.
“Devendra’s father was his political guru. He wanted to enter politics from a very young age. He was just six when his father was arrested during the Emergency. That made an impact on him,” says Ms. Shobhatai Fadnavis.
However, Mr. Fadnavis did not fall back on his roots but soon distinguished himself as an aggressive and well-informed legislator. Armed with documents, he took the lead in targeting the Congress-NCP government on a host of issues including the Adarsh and irrigation scams.
“He is able to grasp complex issues and he is uncompromising when he takes them up. But he doesn’t make it personal,” says senior journalist Kumud Chaware.
His dexterity in negotiating the party’s power games has held Mr. Fadnavis in good stead. As pressure from the Gadkari camp grew, he allied himself with the Union Minister’s rival, the late Gopinath Munde. It was the latter’s support which catapulted Mr. Fadnavis to the post of State BJP president, edging out Gadkari loyalist Sudhir Mungantiwar. “But Mr. Fadnavis belongs to no camp,” points out Ms. Chaware.
His clean image and simple lifestyle have endeared him to the party leadership.
“He has retained the values of his RSS background. He used to cycle to school. His first vehicle was a second-hand Bullet. When in Mumbai, he used the MLAs’ hostel,” says journalist Yadunath Joshi, who went to college with him.
He lives in a modest bungalow in Nagpur with his mother, wife Amruta who works at Axis Bank, and young daughter Divija.
A self-confessed foodie, Mr. Fadnavis faced a major weight problem a few years ago. But he managed to get it under control and even modelled for a clothes brand. “He did a brief stint of modelling for a friend,” says Mr. Joshi. A regular on Twitter and Facebook, Mr. Fadnavis fits into the party’s outreach to the youth.
However, what Mr. Fadnavis lacks is experience. His political life has been restricted to Vidarbha and he lacks pan-Maharashtra exposure. His strong support for separate statehood for Vidarbha makes him vulnerable if the demand were to gain momentum.
Although he has been a Mayor, he has little experience in running a government. Handling independents and future allies also requires seasoned negotiating skills. But Mr. Fadnavis’ immediate challenge will be to win over his rivals — CM hopefuls — within the BJP.

Crowdfunding Campaign to Cover Surgery for  Operation  Inventor
Audi recalls 382 Q7 SUVs over brake system flawAudi recalls 382 Q7 SUVs over brake system flaw
By ET Bureau | 29 Oct, 2014, 08.06AM IST
Audi India, a subsidiary of German luxury carmaker Audi AG, has recalled 382 units of its flagship sports utility vehicle (SUV) Q7 .
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
By Chanchal Chauhan
NEW DELHI: Audi India, a subsidiary of German luxury carmaker Audi AG, has recalled 382 units of its flagship sports utility vehicle (SUV) Q7 over brake system flaw . The company said the recall is part of a global exercise under which it has called back about 70,000 units of A4, A5, A6 and A7 sedans and SUV models Q5 and Q7 to replace the vacuum line in the brake system.
In India, Q7 SUVs with 3.0 litre TDI diesel engines manufactured between March and December 2012 will be part of the recall, the company said. Audi has sold more than 5,000 units of Q7 in India so far. "Our dealers will get in touch with 382 Audi Q7 customers across India," the company said in response to a questionnaire sent by ET.
"They will arrange for an appointment at their workshop for vacuum line replacement. The process will take approximately half-an-hour and will be carried out free of charge." Audi said it launched the service campaign on September 25 and has so far replaced faulty parts in 197 Q7 units. The company said a defective vacuum line may allow the engine oil to enter the brake system, which can damage the diaphragm in the brake and affect its efficiency.
The brakes would still work but require a lot more pressure on the pedal. Audi said the technical issue of the brake is limited to the 3.0 litre diesel engine of Q7 and does not affect other diesel or petrol variants.
To resolve the problem, Audi dealers will inspect the vacuum line with the non-return valve for possible leakage of engine oil and replace the vacuum line in case any leakage is detected. Dealers will also inspect the brake booster system for oil contamination. If there is oil contamination, additional components may be replaced.
Audi had issued a recall following the voluntary recall code notified by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers. As per initial data, more than seven lakh passenger vehicles have been recalled in India on various technical and safety issues since July 2012, involving manufacturers such as Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai Motors, Honda Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota , Ford and General Motors.

TRSs statehood martyrs  once 2 000  now 459K Chandrasekhara Rao
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:51 am
At the height of the Telangana agitation, Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) leaders would pitch their movement on the emotional plank of the people who had committed suicide for the cause, the numbers cited varying from leader to leader, but always over 1,200. They would taunt the then UPA government by asking how many more victims’ blood it wanted on its hands before granting statehood.
Statehood achieved, the time has come for keeping the pre-poll promise of ex-gratia to the families of those who committed suicide for Telangana. And the TRS government on Monday listed just 459 cases.
It was a sharp drop from earlier figures cited so freely by TRS leaders such as K Chandrasekhara Rao who is now CM, his son K T Rama Rao, nephew T Harish Rao and Etala Rajender who have all become ministers, and chairman of the Telangana Legislative Council Swamy Goud. Goud, in fact, said after taking oath as chairman that there were more than 2,000 Telangana martyrs. When Chief Minister KCR spoke for the first time in the assembly, he paid tribute to the martyrs and cited the same figure of 2,000.
Even a TRS list, which was till recently easily available at Telangana Bhavan, the party headquarters, had more than 900 names. Now, the 459 families listed comes in a government order dated October 27 issued by the revenue department. These families will be given Rs 10 lakh each.
Among the families left out are those of some widely remembered students who immolated themselves at Osmania University after leaving notes that they were doing so for Telangana. One such student was K Venugopal Reddy, doing his MCA, who set himself on fire on April 26, 2010, on the campus. Also left out are Sheik Anwar, 29, of Nalgonda, S Srikanth, 23, of Hyderabad, and K Uppalaiah, 30, and Sambari Navin, 18, of Warangal, all of whom killed themselves between February 2010 and April 2012. All these deaths had received wide media coverage. Venugopal’s funeral had been attended by hundreds, including TRS leaders.
Asked about the missing names, Home Minister N Narasimha Reddy said the government is still working on the list and would find out if anyone has been left out.
Opposition parties, however, have accused the TRS government of playing with the emotions of the people who made sacrifices.
Mohammed Ali Shabbir, deputy leader of the Congress in the legislative council, demanded that KCR tender an apology. “You’ve occupied the seat of chief minister due to the sacrifices made by martyrs and their families,” he said. “The state government should ensure that not a single family is left out. Any attempt to neglect or ignore the martyrs’ families would be an insult to the people of all of Telangana. While I appreciate that the state government has sanctioned Rs 10 lakh each to the families of martyrs, I regret that only 459 such families were covered… On many occasions, KCR has claimed continued…

Live Updates  Duleep Trophy final  South Zone vs Central ZonePrint
Bist, in particular, was at his delightful best against the spinners as he used his feet well. (Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Dehli | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:00 pm
Central Zone batsmen led by Robin Bist were guilty of poor shot selection as they finished at 237 for seven against South Zone on day one of their Duleep Trophy final in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Bist wasted a chance of scoring a ton as he got out for 79 off 153 balls in an innings that lasted three and half hours and had 12 sweetly timed boundaries with a six. For South, Baba Aparajith with 2/26 had best figures while R Vinay Kumar, HS Sharath, Shreyash Gopal, Pragyan Ojha and Hanuma Vihari all got a wicket apiece.
Central got partnerships of 68, 65, 52 but most of their batsmen got out after getting set. They got a couple of bad decisions with both Anil Chaudhary and K Srinath getting it wrong on one occasion each.
Despite a liberal coating of green, the Kotla wicket displayed its typical slow nature with the batsman having little difficulty in negotiating the pace trio of R Vinay Kumar, Abhimanyu Mithun and HS Sharath.
Such was the slow nature of the pitch that Vinay deployed seven bowlers including four spinners in the first session itself.
While last match’s centurion Jalaj Saxena (2) was given dubiously caught behind off Vinay’s bowling, Bist in company of Vidarbha opener Faiz Fazal (49) negotiated the South bowlers with ease.
With no real demons in the pitch, batting became easy as the effort balls like bouncers from medium pacers were imperiously pulled.
Bist, in particular, was at his delightful best against the spinners as he used his feet well.
The diminutive right-hander lofted Pragyan Ojha for a lovely six over extra cover. While he found the gaps with ease against spinners, he rocked back to pull a Sharath short ball in-front of square. The shot off the day was a late cut by Bist off leg-spinner Shreyash Gopal.
Fazal-Bist duo added 65 runs for the second wicket before Baba Aparajith struck twin blows in the post-lunch session.
Southpaw Fazal, after doing all the hardwork, threw it away trying to cut Aparajith and offering a simple catch to Hanuma Vihari at point.
All eyes were on Naman (4) and he started off with a boundary before a moment of indiscretion cost him dearly.
Aparajith bowled a flattish delivery and Ojha just smacked it straight to Vinay at mid-off.
With Central in a spot at 94 for three, Ashok Menaria (37) joined Bist and two Rajasthan boys carried repair work adding 68 runs for the fourth wicket.
None of the South Zone bowlers could create an impact. Bist reached his 50 in due course and looked like going for a long haul infront of national selectors Vikram Rathour and Saba Karim.
At 162, South profited from Dinesh Karthik’s smart stumping off Hanuma Vihari’s bowling. Disaster struck when Mahesh Rawat (0) was adjudged caught behind off Gopal’s bowling at the stroke of tea, when it looked that he had not edged it.
Bist, who was destined to get hundred, blew it away when Ojha bowled a continued…

Super Chennaiyin FC win like kingsColombian striker Stiven Mendoza and Brazilian midfielder Elano scored two goals each and Jeje Lalpekhlua netted once for Chennaiyin. (Source: ISL)
By: Agencies | Chennai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:24 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:32 am
By: AP/PTI
Former France striker Nicolas Anelka had a forgettable return from suspension when his Mumbai franchise team was drubbed 5-1 by Chennaiyin FC in the Indian Super League on Tuesday. The 35-year-old Anelka, who sat out the first three matches because of a five-match ban imposed in England for a racially aggravated goal celebration that led to his exit from West Bromwich Albion in March, made some early runs down the right, but failed to dent the defence.
Colombian striker Stiven Mendoza and Brazilian midfielder Elano scored two goals each and Jeje Lalpekhlua netted once for Chennaiyin, with Indian cricket captain and team co-owner Mahendra Singh Dhoni watching on in the stands. Syed Rahim Nabi scored a consolation goal for Mumbai, which is placed sixth among eight teams with three points from four outings.
In fact, Elano, who found the target from the penalty spot and from a free kick, could have scored on two other occasions. The Brazilian’s two goals on Tuesday moved him to the top of the goalscorer’s chart with five. Chennaiyin FC manager-cum-player and 2006 World Cup winner Marco Materazzi took the field for the first time in the ISL and the home side controlled for most part of the match against the visitors who has lost their previous match at home at the hands of NorthEast United FC.
With Materazzi coming out to the huge delight of the Chennai fans, the home side showed better co-ordination and cohesion in both attack and defence than against Delhi Dynamos, who had thrashed them 4-1 in their previous match.
With Materazzi deciding to take the field and manning the central defence, there was total transformation in the attitude of the home players who got the gaps at the Mumbai FC defence.
Throughout the first half, Mumbai players lacked the thrust at the midfield and the defenders played high upfront so often that they let a lot of space on the field between goalkeeper Subrata Paul and midfield. The home side apparently noticed this and changed their strategy to apply pressure on the wings to find the openings.
Elano and Mendoza combined beautifully. Mendoza will hold onto the ball to move on the centre or snatch from the legs of the Mumbai midfield and speed down the wings, mostly on the right. Whenever he was tackled by the defenders, Elano would be the trump card to take the free-kick and Materazzi, who was substituted in the 58th minute by Bojan Djordjic, go upfront to try and get the chance to score. This worked well for the home side.
Mumbai’s had high hopes on Anelka, who was banned for performing the ‘quenelle’ as he celebrated scoring in West Brom’s 3-3 draw with West Ham last December. The gesture involves pointing one straightened arm downward while touching the shoulder with the opposite hand. It was continued…

Tevez back in Argentina fold after 3 yearsThe 30-year-old striker, dubbed the ‘People’s Player’ by former coach Diego Maradona, last played for his country at the 2011 Copa America. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Buenos Aires | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:03 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 9:18 am
Argentina’s forgotten man Carlos Tevez has been included in the squad for the first time in three years for next month’s friendlies in England against Croatia and Portugal. The 30-year-old striker, dubbed the ‘People’s Player’ by former coach Diego Maradona, last played for his country at the 2011 Copa America on home soil and missed this year’s World Cup in Brazil despite scintillating form for Juventus.
Tevez was among four forwards, the others being captain Lionel Messi, Sergio Aguero and Gonzalo Higuain, named in the squad posted on the Argentine FA’s website on Monday.
Coach Gerardo Martino’s side play Croatia at West Ham United’s Upton Park ground in London on November 12 and Portugal six days later at Manchester United’s Old Trafford where Tevez spent two years from 2007-09.
His last action in an Argentina shirt came when he missed the penalty that sealed their elimination by Uruguay in a Copa America quarter-final shootout after a 1-1 draw in July 2011. Tevez’s recall could eventually mean the former Boca Juniors, Corinthians, West Ham, Manchester United and Manchester City striker will get a chance to help Argentina win the Copa America title held by Uruguay in Chile next year.
The forward, capped 64 times, played at the 2006 and 2010 World Cups but was overlooked by coach Alejandro Sabella for the tournament in Brazil this year when Argentina reached the final before losing to Germany.

J&K: Two more militants killed in Handwara encounterBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:19 pm
Two more militants were on Wednesday killed by security forces on the second day of an encounter in Handwara area of north Kashmir’s Kupwara district.
A Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) of Army had lost his life while an unidentified militant was killed on Tuesday in the encounter that broke out when militants fired upon a joint search party of army and police in Waderbala forests near village Petta.
“Two more militants have been killed in the encounter which began yesterday morning,” Ghulam Hassan Bhat, Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, north Kashmir Range, told on Wednesday.
However, he said, there were no fresh causalities to the security forces.
The security forces had launched a search operation on Monday night after receiving specific information about the presence of militants in the forests.
The militants opened fire on the search party at 0645 hours on Tuesday, drawing retaliation, police said.
In the ensuing gunfire, a militant was killed and an army JCO was injured. The JCO was evacuated from the site but later succumbed to his injuries. Search operation was going on till last reports came in.

Really excited to be in the same team as Federer: Sania Mirza (Source: PTI)
New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:09 pm
On a high after winning the WTA Finals doubles crown and a clutch of prestigious titles this year, Indian tennis ace Sania Mirza says she is now bracing up for the International Premier Tennis League where she would in the same team as Swiss veteran Roger Federer.
“I think it is going to be great for this region to have such great tennis players come out and play. I think I am personally excited to be in the same team as Roger Federer. I am looking forward to that. I think it is a great format and hopefully it is going to click,” she told PTI in an interview.
The IPTL features four franchise teams, including India, and is scheduled to start towards the end of next month. The IPTL matches would played between star-studded teams comprising the likes of Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Pete Sampras among others.
Sania she was able to meet her targets for this season.
“To finish off the season like this, it’s good. Basically, I achieved what any tennis player wants to achieve in a year, win a slam, win a gold medal and win the India championships. It has been an incredible year for me,” she said.
“Especially, to finish off the partnership (with Cara Black) this way, on such a high, winning the way we did in the final. It has been pretty amazing,” she said.
Sania and Cara notched the WTA Finals title with a stunning 6-1, 6-0 victory over defending champions Hsieh Su-wei and Peng Shuai in Singapore last Sunday.
The 27-year-old said she has had an “extraordinary career” so far.
“It’s definitely been an extraordinary career for me. If someone told me I was going to achieve all this, 10 years ago, I would have taken it with both hands. It’s been a dream come true. It is still going on. I am living my dreams. So, I feel very blessed,” she said.
She said she would like to work towards becoming world number one soon.
“It should never be enough. As athletes, we should never be satisfied. There is so much out there to win. I definitely want to achieve a lot more. I definitely want to get number one hopefully before I retire. But also, try and win a women’s doubles Grand Slam next year. There is so much left to achieve. Till I have that hunger, I will keep trying,” Sania said.
Sania said the tennis scene in the country is looking up, especially in the men’s category with several talented youngsters coming to the fore.
“I think it is improving. It definitely has. I think the interest has gone up. I think the infrastructure is better. As you can see, we have an academy like this (Sania Mirza Tennis Academy on the outskirts of Hyderabad). It was never there when I started playing.
“But, we still have a continued…

India A take on Sri Lanka in warm up game  fringe players look to impressBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 11:48 am
Fringe players will have a chance to prove their mettle when the Manoj Tiwary-led India ‘A’ take on Sri Lanka in the only one-day warm up match, which will mark the beginning of the hastily scheduled ODI series, here on Thursday.
The tour game, at the Cricket Club of India’s Brabourne Stadium, also provides Rohit Sharma, recovering from a fractured finger and shoulder injury, a chance to prove his fitness and get back into the side for the last two games of the best-of-five ODI series against the visitors.
In the opening slot, Mahrashtra’s Kedar Jadhav, a hard-hitting middle-order batsman, can show himself as a good back-up option with the World Cup only a few months away.
Delhi’s Unmukt Chand would also be itching to show his worth after having scored an unbeaten 79 and 101 against West Indies in the two warm-up matches played earlier this month.
Among all-rounders, Karnataka’s Stuart Binny and Jammu and Kashmir’s Parveez Rasool will strive to again get a look in the limited-over side. With Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni in need of a bowling all-rounder, the selectors under Sandeep Patil’s chairmanship, will be keenly following the duo’s performance.
The match is also a good platform for youngsters – Karnataka’s Manish Pandey and UP’s ‘Chinaman’ bowler Kuldeep Yadav who earned the maiden call-up against the West Indies in the T20 and ODIs – to showcase their talent and force their way into national squad. For Mumbai pacer Dhawal Kulkarni, included in the Indian ODI team in place of injured Mohamad Shami, it is a god-sent opportunity to make an impression with the new ball as well as the old and prove he is a good ‘death’ bowler.
The visitors, too, have a few things to look forward to in their lone warm-up game before the start of the five-match ODI series against hosts and World Cup champions India on November 2 at Cuttack.
The Angelo Mathews-led Lanka would be eager to make the most of the game after being asked to step in for a series against India in place of the West Indies who pulled out of their tour midway over a pay dispute with their Board. The islanders would be eager to quickly get into their groove with a good display in the one-off warm-up match.
The island nation hasn’t had enough time to prepare for the series after being asked to play at short notice and are missing some key players, including sling-arm fast bowler Lasith Malinga who is used to the conditions in Mumbai being part of the IPL team Mumbai Indians. In the absence of some of the regular players who are recovering from injuries, this series would help the emerald nation to test its continued…

Maruti Suzuki Swift takes on Hyundai i20 with upgrade  Rs 50 000 lower price tagMaruti Suzuki Swift takes on Hyundai i20 with upgrade, Rs 50,000 lower price tag
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 13:14  IST
Oct 29 2014, 13:14  IST
 

Deepika Padukone: The reigning queen of Bollywood and the elite Rs 100 cr clubPrint
Deepika Padukone is not only tasting success, but literally basking in its glory and rightly so! The actress has been on a roll in the past few years, with almost each and every release making its way to the much-coveted Rs 100 crore club.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 1:41 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 1:44 pm
 
Bollywood beauty Deepika Padukone is not only tasting success, but literally basking in its glory and rightly so! The actress has been on a roll in the past few years, with almost each and every release including the recent release ‘ Happy New Year ‘ making its way to the much-coveted Rs 100 crore club. (See Pics: Deepika celebrates Happy New Year success with SRK and team )
Her last three releases ‘Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani’, ‘Chennai Express’ and ‘Ram-Leela’ have entered the elite Rs 100 crore club making her the Queen on Rs 100 crore club.
Deepika Padukone first made her way into this glitzy town with Farah Khan’s ‘Om Shanti Om’ opposite none other than Bollywood badshah Shah Rukh Khan. Not only did Deepika’s performance make fans and critics stand up and take notice of this new face, but the film was a huge commercial success. (See Pics: SRK meets fans to celebrate Happy New Year success )
Post her Bollywood debut, Deepika did see success with films like ‘Bachna Ae Haseeno’ and ‘Love Aaj Kal’. However, her career also faced a bit of a lull with releases ‘Lafangey Parindey’ and ‘Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey’.
It was Homi Adajania’s ‘Cocktail’ that proved to be a turning point in her career. Her portrayal of the bold and beautiful Veronica, earned Deepika immense praise and several award nominations. The dimpled beauty showed us that she could be more than just Ms. Goody-Two-Shoes. ‘Cocktail’ was declared a Box office hit, both in India and abroad.
In 2013, Deepika Padukone appeared in multi-starrer ‘Race 2’ alongside Saif Ali Khan, John Abraham, Anil Kapoor, Ameesha Patel and Jacqueline Fernandez. Though the critics weren’t very kind to it, the Bolylwood thriller was the first film to enter the 100 crore club that year.
The actress then romanced former boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor in Ayan Mukerji’s ‘Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani’ that saw stupendous success. Though the continued…

Uninor revenue Rs 1 074 cr. in Q3New Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 13:42 IST
Uninor revenue Rs 1,074 cr. in Q3
PTI
economy, business and finance
India has emerged as the fastest growing market for Norwegian telecom operator Telenor with its local arm, Uninor, posting highest revenue growth amongst all its units worldwide at 47 per cent to reach about Rs 1,074 crore in the third quarter ended September 30.
The company had posted revenue of Rs 729 crore in the same period a year ago.
The total growth in Uninor revenue was largely organic with 38 per cent contribution from rise in subscriber number and revenue per user.
Apart from Norway and India, Telenor operates in Sweden, Denmark, Hungary, Montenegro and Serbia, Bulgaria, Hungary, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Thailand, Malaysia and Myanmar.
However, operating loss of Uninor widened to about Rs 195 crore during the reported quarter from Rs 143 crore in the corresponding period of 2013.
Telenor attributed the increase in operating and capital expenditure of Uninor to network expansion during the quarter.
The company has announced setting up 5,000 new mobile tower sites during current fiscal, of which 4,400 are deployed now.
Telenor Group said it has reported “all time high revenue” at about Rs 27,685 crore during the reported quarter and Rs 81,003 crore in first three quarters of current year.
The Norwegian group added 3.4 million new customers across its 11 units worldwide during July—September 2014 with highest contribution coming from Uninor.
“We added 3.4 million new mobile subscribers during the period, fuelled by customer uptake in India, Bangladesh, Malaysia and our newest market Myanmar,” Telenor Group President and CEO Jon Fredrik Baksaas said in a statement.
Uninor, which operates only in 6 out of 22 circle in India, added 1.8 million subscribers during the reported period.

Happy New Year : Shah Rukh  Deepika  Abhishek go  Sharabi  in new songPrint
'Sharabi' is also a tribute to veteran actors like Dharmendra, Jitendra and Amitabh Bachchan.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 3:32 pm
Riding high on the success of their recently released ‘Happy New Year’, the team launched another song ‘Sharabi’ to woo their fans. The peppy track features the entire cast – Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Bomn Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah dressed in eye-catching costumes, all supposedly intoxicated as they groove to the music.
The track is also a tribute to veteran actors like Dharmendra, Jitendra and Amitabh Bachchan as the ‘Happy New Year ‘team is seen duplicating quite a few of their signature steps in the video.
SRK’s special song ‘Lungi Dance’ in last year’s hit film ‘Chennai Express’ by Yo Yo Honey Singh was also a smash hit and going by the lyrics of ‘Sharabi’ – which are a mix of Punjabi and Hindi – the song is set to be a chartbuster soon.
Penned by Kumaar, and musical duo Vishal-Shekhar, ‘Sharabi’ has been sung by Manj Musik (former RDB member), Nindy Kaur and Vishal-Shekhar, who have been closely associated with the film’s promotions as well.
Considering that ‘Happy New Year’ made its way to the coveted Rs 100 crore Club in its opening weekend itself, the Farah Khan release does not exactly need any more promotional tactics. However, the release of ‘Sharabi’ seems precisely for this reason.
The cast, minus Abhishek Bachchan got together on Tuesday (October 28) for a grand launch of the song at a suburban five star hotel.

Panasonic forays into Sri Lankan smartphone marketNew Delhi, October 29, 2014
Updated: October 29, 2014 15:56 IST
Panasonic forays into Sri Lankan smartphone market
PTI
REUTERS Panasonic has recently designated India as the sixth strategic region, which will take care of SAARC nations, Middle East Asia and Africa.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Technology major Panasonic India on Wednesday said it will foray into the fast-growing Sri Lankan market with its range of mobile phones across various price points.
The Sri Lankan market has a massive potential for growth in the mobile phone industry and there is a huge untapped telecom consumer segment offering a favourable opportunity for Panasonic to establish itself as a credible force in this market, it said in a statement.
“With the entry into this market, our ultimate aim will be to cater all customer segments in the country and build a strong and robust distribution network,” Panasonic India and South Asia Managing Director Manish Sharma said.
Panasonic has recently designated India as the sixth strategic region, which will take care of SAARC nations, Middle East Asia and Africa.
“It is in line with this aim that we are today marking our entry in this region, given the huge market potential that exists in the country. We have also ventured into the Nepal smartphone market and Panasonic is looking forward towards building a stronger brand presence across regions,” Mr. Sharma said.
Over the last five years, Sri Lanka has witnessed a surge in subscriber base driven by a combination of factors such as increasing household incomes, expanding mobile network coverage and increasing competition between mobile operators.

Fathi sets up final against SandhuUpdated: October 29, 2014 00:55 IST
Fathi sets up final against Sandhu
Principal Correspondent
The Hindu Egypt's Karim Ali Fathi had to dig deep to get past India's Ravi Dixit. Photo: V. Ganesan
TOPICS
squash
Top-seeded Dipika Pallikal takes her place in the summit clash
Egypt’s Karim Ali Fathi and Harinder Pal Sandhu of India will lock horns in the final of the JSW-PSA Challenger men’s squashtournament. In the WSA women’s section, India’s Dipika Pallikal will meet Misaki Kobayashi of Japan in the summit clash.
On Tuesday, Fathi quelled Ravi Dixit’s valiant challenge to beat him 11-7, 11-6, 15-13 in an hour-long semifinal tussle. Fathi, although made to earn his points, wasn’t seriously threatened until the commencement of the third game.
The 21-year-old was sitting on a two-game advantage at that point. Dixit approached the game with intent, establishing a rhythm that contrasted the top seed’s.
The Indian’s soft touches nullified Fathi’s brutal hitting and he went on to take an 8-5 lead.
Dixit employed the nick shot and the drop to telling effect on more than one occasion. Fathi was even seen applauding Dixit’s deft drop shot.
The man from Cairo, however, pushed his opponent into playing longer points, and battled his way back into the game.
Holding his nerve
Soon after, Fathi secured the lead, but failed to close out the match. Dixit, too, found finishing the game elusive, and elongated rallies ensued.
Both players favoured the backhand and played out volleys, waiting for the opponent to blink.
Ultimately, it was Fathi who held his nerve.
In the other men’s last-four encounter, second-seeded Sandhu made light work of Hossam Nasser. Sandhu produced a polished, dominant display that rendered the contest one-sided right from the outset.
The 25-year-old troubled the Egyptian with some forceful shots. Sandhu required no more than 27 minutes to put the contest to bed.
Later in the evening, top seed Dipika fended off some spirited opposition from Siyoli Waters in the women’s semifinal. While she had a relatively easy first game, Waters stretched the Indian star in the next couple of games, even winning the second.
But, Dipika remained unflustered and eventually prevailed.
Earlier, Kobayashi posted a fairly straight-forward win over Birgit Coufal of Austria in the other semifinal.
The results (semifinals): Men: Karim Ali Fathi (Egy) bt Ravi Dixit 11-7, 11-6, 15-13; Harinder Pal Sandhu bt Hossam Nasser (Egy) 11-7, 11-4, 11-4.
Women: Misaki Kobayashi (Jpn) bt Birgit Coufal (Aut) 11-6, 11-4, 11-5; Dipika Pallikal bt Siyoli Waters (RSA) 11-4, 10-12, 11-8, 11-5.

Stalking in Telugu cinema: A thing of the popular psycheComments
Here's a scene most of you won't have difficulty relating to. A conventionally pretty girl is walking to a bus stop near her college, and a guy, obviously in cool denims and black shades, is watching her intently. Just when she's about to go out of sight, he decides to follow her, in a manner no different from what we call stalking. The girl is obviously irritated, but never yells out for help.
Soon the scene shifts to inside the bus: the 'stalker' is now the knight in shimmering armour, and is the only man who is around to shield the girl from other shady passengers, all of whom are doing exactly what he did a minute ago! But, as you know, she is a girl and, therefore, bound to like the ‘macho’ guy protecting her.
A still from Nippu.
Change the scene again. The two are out of the bus now, but the guy continues to follow the damsel in distress and even reaches her home. He is unfazed even when he's face-to-face with the girl's brother, usually a dreaded local gangster. Surprise, surprise, the brother-who's-also-the-gangster is so large-hearted that he approves the 'stalking' boy and gives him permission to hover around the girl whenever he wants to.  
Did you just say this is so filmy? Perhaps it is because these are snippets from a hugely successful Telugu movie. In fact almost all the Telugu movies with big star cast have a similar storyline. Ram Charan is building a career out of such roles. Ravi Teja, Pawan Kalyan, Allu Arjun, Prabhas and a long list of others are repeating the same scenes in their films with different degrees of voyeurism and perversion.
Any film industry in the world displays inertia when it comes to unlearn the old tactics and embrace new ones, which are more contemporary and logical.
The women were not at the helm of affairs in Telugu cinema except some films dealing with the theme of women empowerment in the late '80s and early '90s. The advent of commercial cinema in the second half of ‘80s started tilting the equation in favour of the heroes. The male filmmakers targeted the 18-35 age group but they left out the chunk consisting educated-urban men. Not many objected to the content of such films as such a hero was supposed to be the representative of the semi-urban society.
Says Taapsee Pannu, a Hindi-Telugu actor, “Firstly they refuse to evolve with the new evolving times because that's not how I see myself or any other girl I know getting impressed with stalking. Secondly, they just keep repeating the same formula for a hit. If stalking was a hit in one movie, you will see ten other movies instantly pick up the same idea. No one wants to do an extra effort to come up something new and interesting.”
Does it reflect the social trend? “No it doesn't. It reflects the cinematic trend. As I mentioned above, hit movies give birth to 10 times more number of scripts with the same idea to be safe,” says Taapsee.
But, this issue is probably not as simple as it looks from the outset. Ram Mohan, who runs a popular NGO Help for the welfare of women in Hyderabad, brings out the other side of the coin which is more disturbing. “In the 1960s, a Telugu movie called Sudigandalu projected the intensity of criminal attitude among not only the youths but also among children. One of the children in the movie commits a murder under the influence of detective novels and sexually flavoured pictures. However, today there is extraordinary prevalence of internet and smartphones which is instigating them to commit several crimes against women. It is increasing a lot day by day.”
Filmmakers wouldn’t take more than five seconds to wave-off Ram Mohan’s idea, but let’s check the credibility of his notion. Section 354 of IPC deals with the cases of assault on women with an intent to outrage her modesty. According to National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), Andhra Pradesh registered 6930 cases under Section 354 in 2013 against 4406 such cases in 2007. A duration of six years saw more than 57.28% increase in crime against women.
Ram Mohan says further, “The access of various crime stories, sex sites through internet and media are increasing day by day simultaneously influencing the youth and children which is really a hardcore situation. Everyday such stories are being explained unnecessarily by the media.”
Quite often, the filmmakers are quoted as saying that films are the reflection of the society and what they are showing is still not as scary as what’s happening in our real lives. But, this comes across as a lame excuse because even relatively less ‘intense’ crimes are also on the rise. As per NCRB, the cases registered under Section 509 of the Indian Penal Code in AP, which broadly deals with the insult to the modesty of a woman, is also on the rise. The number of such cases went up to 4702 in 2013 in comparison to 3316 such cases in 2007. A 41.79 % jump in six years is something that can’t be overlooked. Always remember, these are the cases which feature relatively small crimes like lewd gestures and word teasing.
The filmmakers might not be the culprits but stalking related plots are affecting the sub-conscious of the viewer. You might as well think the heroine as dim-wits who are simply waiting to fall in love with the hero, but Taapsee strongly objects to such perception, “It should be taken as a stale uninteresting film's plot. I don't think it's to be taken as deep as to touching the woman's status in any way.”
This again brings us back to the target audience which the filmmakers are aiming for. Today, a film's collections are dictated by how much it collects in the first week and unlike the situation a few years ago, most of the moviegoers in the first week happen to be young men, a group with better purchasing power. This makes them vulnerable to the ideas propagated by the filmmakers. The conversation between Mahesh Babu and Kajal Aggarwal in Businessman was termed vulgar but later it was accepted in the name of sarcasm. Basically, it was perceived as harmless teasing.
Ram Mohan blames technology for this. He says, “It certainly demeans the status of women. Because of the films and internet access, some of the girls are feeling it is a prestigious issue to have a boyfriend. This leads to several bitter incidents against the girls.”
It’s tough to spot the point of equilibrium between the society and its cinema, but if this is the case of vice-versa, both the Telugu cinema and the immediate society are on fault. It’s not just escapist cinema because its aftereffects go beyond the usual line. A college going youngster may fall prey to a flawed thought process and end up committing crimes that he wouldn’t do otherwise. Even if the society is at fault and it’s seeping into films then the responsibility of filmmakers increase manifolds. They need to do a cross-check and do something for the betterment of the content in mainstream Telugu cinema. As per the current situation, the only party which is at the receiving end in every case is the woman. (Interact with the author at Twitter/@nawabjha )

ED takes chit fund group chief Prashant Das on 14-dayremandSeashore group chief Prashant Das being produced in Khurda sessions court. (Source: Express photo by Chandra Sekhar Sahoo)
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:03 pm
A sessions court in Bhubaneswar allowed the Enforcement Directorate to take chit fund group Seashore group’s chief Prashant Das on a 14-day remand for interrogation in tracing the money trail in the multi crore chit fund scam.
Das was arrested from Mumbai on June 19, 2013 and is named in 37 cheating cases across the state. He is lodged in a jail in Koraput district over defrauding people in chit fund scam.
The Enforcement Directorate had moved the Khurdha district and sessions court here on September 19 to take Das on remand for interrogating him in the alleged Rs 700 crore chit fund scam by his group.
Last month, the CBI had raided premises of Seashore in Dhenkanal, Balasore districts including the houses of Das in Bhubaneswar. The
State CID which initially probed the case, had seized Seashore Group’s properties valued at more than Rs 300 crore.
Established in 2004, the Seashore group started as a corporate agency of SBI Life Insurance, but soon forayed into a host of fields including money circulation, real estate, media, gold trading, insurance, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, ayurveda, retailing, education, agriculture, FMCG, transport and food processing. It soon ventur to States like Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharastra, Assam, Gujarat, Delhi, Meghalaya, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. But the company cheated its investors who had deposited money allured by huge returns that it promised.
Last month, regional director of ED Yogesh Gupta wrote to Orissa chief secretary complaining about the inordinate delay in handing over the documents of chit fund group Artha Tatwa to probe allegations of money laundering in the Rs 500 crore Artha Tatwa chit fund scam under the provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act 2002.
In May this year, the Supreme Court had asked the CBI and ED to probe the 44 chitfund groups that defrauded lakhs of people in the State.

Orissa High Court grants interim relief to MHA secretary in vigilancecasePrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:59 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 5:00 pm
In a major relief to Prakash Mishra, former Orissa DGP and special secretary in the ministry of home affairs, the Orissa High Court in its interim order on We said the vigilance case lodged by the Orissa government would not be a hinderance to his promotion or future posting.
Hearing the petition by Mishra seeking quashing of the vigilance FIR against him, justice SC Parija also ordered that no coercive action be taken against him till the case is adjudicated. The court also asked the state government to submit the case diary of the FIR lodged against Mishra. The interim order comes as a relief as the Centre is all set to meet next week to decide on the appointment of the next CBI director. Among all the names being considered for the the post of CBI director, the 1977-batch officer is the seniormost and tipped as a favourite.
On September 20, the Bhubaneswar vigilance division had registered a case against Mishra under section 13(2) and 13(1)(d) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and section 409 and 120-B of Indian Penal Code alleging during his tenture as CMD of Orissa Police Housing and Welfare Corporation, advance payment of Rs 59 crore was given some steel and cement suppliers in 2009 against existing rules. Mishra, a 1977-batch officer, was chairman cum managing director of OPHWC between 2006 and 2009, in the rank of additional DGP. After the the FIR was filed, Mishra shot back at State government asking if the government found him ‘extremely corrupt’ between 2006 and 2009, why did it bring him back from central deputation to make state police chief in June 2012.
The senior IPS officer, who is in the race for becoming next CBI director after retirement of Ranjit Sinha, this month filed criminal miscellaneous petition seeking quashing of the vigilance FIR. Mishra has alleged that the FIR was a conspiracy to prevent him from being shortlisted for the post of next director of CBI later this year.
Sources said there were moves in the state government to initiate departmental proceedings against Mishra so as to throw spanners on his way of becoming next CBI chief.

SC asks National Green Tribunal to act against industrial units pollutingGangaPrint
It said the Tribunal needs to be entrusted with the task as the Pollution Control Boards have failed in their duty. (Source: Swati Chandra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:56 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 6:15 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the National Green Tribunal to take action against industrial units polluting Ganga including snapping water and power connections to them while slamming Centre and State Pollution Control Boards for their “failure” to punish erring units.
Expressing deep concern over the present pollution level of the river, which it held to be the “lifeline” of the country, a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur gave a free hand to the Tribunal to take action against such units including forcing them to shut down.
It said the Tribunal needs to be entrusted with the task as the Pollution Control Boards have failed in their duty to take action against polluting industries.
The bench, also comprising justices Adarsh K Goel and R Banumathi, rapped the boards for not standing up against the polluting units having strong monetary and political influence.
“This is an institutional failure and your story is a complete story of failure, frustration and disaster. You need to stand up against the polluting units. It will take another 50 years if the task is left to you,” the bench said.
The apex court, however, said that it will keep on monitoring the issue relating to discharge of domestic effluents into the river which is being dealt by municipal bodies of the concerned states.
“We regret to say that intervention of the court and its sustained efforts notwithstanding has led to no fruitful result,” the apex court, which has been monitoring the Ganga clean project for the last three decades, said.
“It is our duty to ensure purification of the river. There is no gainsaying that river has significance not only in religious and spiritual psyche of the people but it is also a lifeline of people,” the bench said.
The bench asked the tribunal to file its report after every six months on the actions taken by it in controlling industrial pollution and posted the case for further hearing on December 10 when it will pass further order to curb domestic effluents.

Melissa Rivers hires law firm to look into Joan RiversdeathMelissa Rivers has hired a law firm to look into the circumstances surrounding the death of her mother Joan Rivers. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:55 pm
Melissa Rivers has hired a law firm to look into the circumstances surrounding the death of her mother Joan Rivers.
NYC-based law firm Gair, Gair, Conason, Steigman, Mackauf, Bloom & Rubinowitz will look into Rivers’ death following reportedly a botched procedure, reported Us Weekly.
“In order to fully determine the facts and circumstances surrounding the death of Joan Rivers, we confirm that our firm has been engaged by Melissa Rivers and her family,” said Ben Rubinowitz, managing partner at Gair, Gair, Conason.
Melissa is expected to file a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against the NYC-based clinic which her mother visited before her death.
According to New York Post the doctors who were involved in Joan’s throat procedure will also be named in the suit.  Joan Rivers, 81, visited the clinic on August 28 for a routine diagnostic procedure to determine why her voice had gotten raspy.
She apparently agreed to an endoscopy, but not an unplanned throat biopsy, during which she stopped breathing. She died on September 4.
The cause of her death was due the result of low blood oxygen to the brain during the endoscopy. Melissa tweeted a response to the findings that same day, writing: “In response to NYC’s Medical Examiner’s report, we continue to be saddened by our tragic loss. No further comment at this time.”

Im looking forward to helping take tennis somewhere new: AndyMurrayBy: Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:46 pm
Looking forward to his stint in the upcoming International Premier Tennis League, British number one Andy Murray says the event will take the sport to new regions.
Murray will lead Manila Mavericks in Mahesh Bhupathi’s league, starting November 28 in Philippines.
“Attracting new fans to the sport is important and I’m looking forward to helping take tennis somewhere new. The IPTL format is something that has never been done before and there are many different aspects that make it interesting,” Murray said in an IPTL release.
Murray, who won back-to-back titles in Vienna and Valencia, gave thumbs up to the format of the league.
“The shot clock is a great idea and will speed play up and make tennis even more exciting for the fans with the shorter breaks between points.
“The fact that every game counts toward the team score is also a great idea, you’re not just playing for yourself, you have to think about your team mates as well and put them in as strong a position as possible at the end of your own set in the match,” he said.
Murray’s teammates would be Russian heartthrob Maria Sharapova, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Kirsten Flipkens, Daniel Nestor, Carlos Moya and top Philippines player Treat Huey.
“Playing in Manila will be fun. The fans there don’t get to see a lot of live tennis, so that will be good. With the season being so busy, it can be difficult to take a holiday so you don’t often get to travel anywhere different to the countries on the tour,” the 27-year-old Scot said.
Talking about his 2014 season, Murray said it has been a “tough” one.
“When I returned after my back surgery, it took much longer to get to back to full fitness than I had originally expected. It was a while until I felt like I could play at 100 per cent again. However, over the last few months I have started to feel back in that place and have had some great
matches and some great results. It was great to win Shenzhen in its first ever year and I hope the Mavericks can do the same with the IPTL,” he said.

Aircel-Maxis case: Maran brothers  others summoned asaccusedPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:45 pm
Former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi and six others, including Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan were today summoned as accused by a special 2G court in connection with Aircel-Maxis deal case.
CBI had alleged in the court that Dayanidhi Maran had “pressured” and “forced” Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini took cognisance of the CBI’s charge sheet filed against eight accused including four companies and summoned them on March 2, 2015.
“I have carefully gone through the copy of the FIR, charge sheet, statement of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case. On the perusal of the record, I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on record to proceed against the accused. Accordingly, I take cognisance of the case,” the Special Judge said.
Besides the Maran brothers, CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms — Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd — as accused.
The CBI has chargesheeted them for the offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court in its two-page order allowed the contention of senior public prosecutor K K Goel that at least four months time may be granted for effecting service of summonses on the accused as five of the eight are residing in different countries like Malaysia, Mauritius and United Kingdom while the remaining three are based in Chennai.
“Accordingly, issue summons to the accused persons for March 2, 2015. In view of the nature of the case, the prosecution is directed to take up the service of process on the accused person in right earnest and to endeavour to ensure that the court process qua each accused is returned to the court at least a week before the date fixed,” the court said.
Earlier, the court had on October 13 reserved its order on the issue of taking cognisance on CBI’s charge sheet filed against Maran brothers and six others.
During the arguments earlier, CBI had told the court that cognisance should be taken on the charge sheet as prima facie a case was made out against all the accused.
The agency had argued that the case involves investigation in foreign countries and there were sufficient grounds to proceed against the accused named in the charge sheet.
On August 29, the CBI had filed the charge sheet in the case containing the names of 151 CBI witnesses and a set of 655 documents, on which it has relied upon during its probe.
 

Deepika  Irrfan  Big B together in Piku  it doesnt get better than this: ShoojitSircarPrint
"We have the best of the talent coming together for a refreshing tale of a father-daughter relationship. I am privileged to direct Mr Bachchan along with Deepika and Irrfan. They are three powerhouse performers and it doesn't get better than this for me," Sircar said in a statement.
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:44 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 12:03 pm
Director Shoojit Sircar’s ‘ Piku ‘, which brings together Amitabh Bachchan , Deepika Padukone and Irrfan for the first time, will begin shooting its second schedule in Kolkata next month.
The film’s first schedule was completed in Mumbai from August-September 2014.
“We have the best of the talent coming together for a refreshing tale of a father-daughter relationship. I am privileged to direct Mr Bachchan along with Deepika and Irrfan. They are three powerhouse performers and it doesn’t get better than this for me,” Sircar said in a statement.
The director, whose previous work includes films like ‘Vicky Donor’ and ‘Madras Cafe’, has re teamed with Amitabh Bachchan for the second time. Their first film ‘Shoebite’ remains unreleased.
“What makes the process of filming ‘Piku’ extremely enjoyable is that it is helmed by Shoojit Sircar and also stars the immensely talented Deepika Padukone and Irrfan Khan. The film has an interesting story and there is a lot of excitement on the sets,” Amitabh Bachchan said.
Produced by MSM Motion Pictures (a division of Sony Entertainment Network), in association with Saraswati Entertainment Creations Limited and Rising Sun Films, ‘Piku’ is slated for release on April 30, 2015.

Shah Rukh Khan  Happy New Year team set to rockKolkataPrint
hah Rukh Khan is slated to entertain audiences at a show in St. Xavier's College in the evening. The actor, also the brand ambassador for West Bengal, is scheduled to call on Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee before the event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:32 pm
Fans thronged the entrance of the airport on  Wednesday (october 29) as Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and other cast members arrived in the city for a special performance to celebrate the success of their latest offering “Happy New Year”. (See Pics: SRK celebrates HNY success with fans )
The Farah Khan-directed ‘ Happy New Year ‘, which released October  24, has turned out to be a gold spinner – it minted Rs.108.86 crore in the opening weekend.
Shah Rukh Khan is slated to entertain audiences at a show in St. Xavier’s College in the evening. The actor, also the brand ambassador for West Bengal, is scheduled to call on Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee before the event.
The star tweeted earlier Wednesday: “Off to Kolkata my favourite city. listening to Sharaabi. Here is a new link till things get sorted I guess.”
The heist drama also stars Deepika Padukone , Abhishek Bachchan, Jackie Shroff, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah.
Attired in black, SRK arrived in style with Farah beside him and was instantly surrounded by a huge crowd of people snapping photos and clamouring for autographs. Ringed by his security detail, he was whisked away in a vehicle.
Sonu and Vivaan are supposed to join SRK during his live act.
Produced by Shah Rukh’s Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt. Ltd. (RCE), the film raked in Rs.104.10 crore in Hindi, dubbed Telugu version grossed Rs.2.92 crore, while Tamil version earned Rs.1.84 crore.
HNY has become the highest opening weekend ranker in Indian films so far.

ED takes chit fund group chief Prashant Das on 14-day remandSeashore group chief Prashant Das being produced in Khurda sessions court. (Source: Express photo by Chandra Sekhar Sahoo)
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:03 pm
A sessions court in Bhubaneswar allowed the Enforcement Directorate to take chit fund group Seashore group’s chief Prashant Das on a 14-day remand for interrogation in tracing the money trail in the multi crore chit fund scam.
Das was arrested from Mumbai on June 19, 2013 and is named in 37 cheating cases across the state. He is lodged in a jail in Koraput district over defrauding people in chit fund scam.
The Enforcement Directorate had moved the Khurdha district and sessions court here on September 19 to take Das on remand for interrogating him in the alleged Rs 700 crore chit fund scam by his group.
Last month, the CBI had raided premises of Seashore in Dhenkanal, Balasore districts including the houses of Das in Bhubaneswar. The
State CID which initially probed the case, had seized Seashore Group’s properties valued at more than Rs 300 crore.
Established in 2004, the Seashore group started as a corporate agency of SBI Life Insurance, but soon forayed into a host of fields including money circulation, real estate, media, gold trading, insurance, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, ayurveda, retailing, education, agriculture, FMCG, transport and food processing. It soon ventur to States like Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharastra, Assam, Gujarat, Delhi, Meghalaya, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. But the company cheated its investors who had deposited money allured by huge returns that it promised.
Last month, regional director of ED Yogesh Gupta wrote to Orissa chief secretary complaining about the inordinate delay in handing over the documents of chit fund group Artha Tatwa to probe allegations of money laundering in the Rs 500 crore Artha Tatwa chit fund scam under the provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act 2002.
In May this year, the Supreme Court had asked the CBI and ED to probe the 44 chitfund groups that defrauded lakhs of people in the State.

White House computer system breached by hac...FBI Secret Service
(Recent reports by security…)
WASHINGTON: Unclassified White House computer networks were breached by hackers recently resulting in temporary disruptions to some services with the Russian government thought to be behind the intrusion, according to a media report.
"In the course of assessing recent threats, we identified activity of concern on the unclassified Executive Office of the President network,"a White House official was quoted as saying by the Washington Post.
"We took immediate measures to evaluate and mitigate the activity...Unfortunately, some of that resulted in the disruption of regular services to users. But people were on it and are dealing with it," the official said.
White House officials said that the intruders did not damage any of the systems and that, to date, there is no evidence the classified network was hacked.
The FBI, Secret Service and National Security Agency are all involved in the investigation, the report said.
"Hackers thought to be working for the Russian government breached the unclassified White House computer networks in recent weeks...resulting in temporary disruptions to some services while cybersecurity teams worked to contain the intrusion," the paper said.
However, White House officials are not commenting on who was behind the intrusion or how much data, if any, was taken.
"Certainly a variety of actors find our networks to be attractive targets and seek access to sensitive information. We are still assessing the activity of concern," the official said.
US officials were alerted to the breach by an ally, the paper quoted sources as saying.
Recent reports by security firms have identified cyber - espionage campaigns by Russian hackers thought to be working for the government.
Targets have included NATO , the Ukrainian government and US defense contractors. Russia is regarded by US officials as being in the top tier of states with cyber-capabilities.
In the case of the White House, the nature of the target is consistent with a state-sponsored campaign, the report quoted a source as saying.
The breach was discovered two to three weeks ago, it said.
Some staffers were asked to change their passwords. Intranet or VPN access was shut off for a while, but the email system, apart from some minor delays, was never down, the report said.
The Russian intelligence service was believed to have been behind a breach of the US military's classified networks, which was discovered in 2008.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Honour for hero who saved London from WWII floodingUpdated: October 29, 2014 17:27 IST
Honour for hero who saved London from WWII flooding
AP
Tweet
AP River Thames archaeology expert Gustav Milne poses for photographs on the foreshore and uses his arms to show the bottom of a repaired section of the embankment river wall that was damaged by a German bomb dropped during World War II in London.
TOPICS
history
Every day, boats full of tourists and commuters float by a pale patch on the wall that lines the River Thames near Britain’s Houses of Parliament.
Few notice the concrete mark, or recognise it as evidence of how close London came to drowning during World War II. It is a piece of hidden history that has been uncovered by a team of professional and amateur archaeologists.
On Wednesday, a group of engineers and civic dignitaries will unveil a plaque commemorating Thomas Peirson Frank, leader of a secret squad of engineers and labourers who worked night after night during World War II to repair flood defences hit in German air raids.
As bombs fell and fires raged, teams marshalled by Frank used rubble, sandbags and finally concrete to mend breaches in the Thames wall that threatened the inundation of thousands of businesses and homes.
“It could have brought London to its knees very, very easily,” said Gustav Milne, director of the Thames Discovery Program, a project that brings together experts and volunteers to explore the archaeology of London’s river.
“Not just people drowning we would have lost buildings, it would have flooded the sewers and brought up all the sewage, it would have contaminated the water supplies, cut off gas and electricity. There would have been widespread devastation and huge loss of life.”
London burned during the war, but it never flooded, due in large measure to Frank, chief engineer for London County Council, and his crews. But their story is little known obscured first by wartime secrecy, then by gradual forgetting.
That began to change when Mr. Milne and his team noticed the large concrete patch, 9 metres across at its widest, in the 19th-century river wall. Chunks of the wall’s granite parapet lie scattered along the muddy river foreshore nearby.
The researchers suspected the damage had been done by a Luftwaffe bomb, but the agency in charge of the river did not have any record of it. Deep in the London Metropolitan Archives, the researchers found files revealing the truth that had been hidden from Londoners during the war and later forgotten the river wall was hit 121 times between 1940 and 1945, 84 of them during the Blitz of September 1940 to May 1941.
The number of bomb strikes on the river was suppressed at the time so as not to alarm Londoners or alert Nazi Germany to the city’s vulnerability. London was fortunate to have Frank, a ferociously well-organised and industrious civil servant who had served in World War I and by the 1930s was warning of the city’s vulnerability to floods.
When war broke out, Frank was put in charge of maintaining London’s roads and utilities. He set up four depots along the river, staffed by engineers and road-repair crews, augmented by troops from the Royal Engineers.
Each time the river defences were hit, Frank’s teams were sent in, often while bombs were still falling and with little protective equipment. “They were working in their own clothes ... in black toxic gunge,” Mr. Milne said. “They didn’t even have overalls provided, much less Wellington boots.”
The workers were part of a civilian army along with nurses, air raid wardens, volunteer firefighters, police and more that kept the city running during the onslaught.
“It was a noncombatants’ war and they were all fighting on the same side, to save London,” Milne said.
Frank was knighted in 1942 for his work though details of his job were kept under wraps and later became president of the Institution of Civil Engineers. He died in 1951.
Clive Cockerton of the Institution of Civil Engineers said Frank “is very much an unsung hero. He was recognised, but within a very small circle because it was secret.”
Mr. Milne said the pilot who dropped the bomb was likely aiming for Parliament. He probably didn’t realize that a hole in the river wall could have inflicted far worse damage. The Germans seem not to have realized that “water is a weapon,” he added.
“They never sussed that all they had to do was knock out the parapet and they could flood all of London.”

Transports chug to new highs
Snapdeal founder Kunal Bahl eyes Alibaba playbook  but says don t expect anything  drasticE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China to open market to Argentine sorghumChina to open market to sorghum from Argentina
Lucy Hornby – Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b5e4b40-5cca-11e4-98cc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Revise Nifty s stop loss to 7995  keep an eye on IT stocksWe believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & ideas.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
Sudarshan Sukhani
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Revise Nifty`s stop loss to 7995  keep an eye on IT stocks: Sukhani28 October 2014
Tuesday
Nifty reclaims 8000, major indices trade in narrow ranges suggesting big move coming; revise Nifty`s stop loss to 7995
Trend is up in Bank Nifty. PSU Banks are consolidating and at the verge of breakout. CNX IT is holding its support near 10700 and building a narrow trading range. IT Stocks are consolidating and giving an impression of breakout.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. Trend is down in this instrument. Prices are trading near its support. We have STEEL in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of STEEL Stocks. Stock in focus includes BPCL, M&M, ULTRACEMCO and UNION BANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Sanofi: finding the energy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5092e99e-5eaa-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hungarys illiberal democracy flourishesOctober 28, 2014 6:38 pm
Days of impulse and quiet repression in Orban’s illiberal democracy
By George Szirtes
Two steps forward, one step back – it is a familiar dance of the Fidesz party, writes George Szirtes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c89bf3e0-5dc9-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraqi peshmerga to join Kobani fightIraqi peshmerga fighters set to join fight against Isis in Kobani
Erika Solomon in Beirut and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c915d96-5ea8-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Debar ex-BJP MLA from entering violence-hit TrilokpuriE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Deutsche Bank posts loss on litigation provisionAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Govt hikes LPG rate by Rs 3 per cylinderLPG rate rises by Rs 3 per cylinder as govt raises dealers' commission
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 15:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Rates of subsidised cooking gas (LPG) have been hiked by Rs 3 per cylinder after the government raised the commission paid to dealers.
The commission paid to dealers was hiked by Rs 3 per 14.2-kg cylinder to Rs 43.71 last week. Consequently, retail selling price of subsidised LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas) too have been increased in the same proportion, officials said .
Subsidised LPG in the national capital will now cost Rs 417 per 14.2-kg cylinder as against Rs 414 previously.
In Mumbai, subsidised LPG will cost Rs 452 per 14.2-kg cylinder as against Rs 448.50 previously.
The increase in commission, which as per practice is passed on to consumers, has been effected from October 23. The decision will benefit 13,896 LPG distributors across the country.
The commission of dealers was last revised in December 2013 when it was hiked by Rs 3.46 per cylinder to Rs 40.71.
Prior to the December hike in LPG rates, price of cooking gas was raised in October 2012, from Rs 399 per cylinder to Rs 410.50, due to an increase in dealers' commission.
Commission of dealers has also resulted in the rate of non-subsidised LPG - which a consumer buys after consuming his quota of 12 cylinders at below-market rates - being hiked to Rs 883.50 per 14.2-kg bottle from the previous rate of Rs 880.

ONGC topples RIL to become highest ranked Indian energy firmHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ONGC topples RIL to become highest ranked Indian energy firm
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has edged past Reliance Industries to become the highest ranked Indian energy firm on this year’s Platts Global 250 Rankings.
ONGC, which in 2013 was ranked 22nd, improved one position in this year’s ranking that is led by global giants Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell.
RIL, India’s largest private firm, slipped from 19th rank in 2013 to 22nd in this year’s ranking, according to Platts.
Indian Oil Corp, the nation’s largest oil refiner and fuel marketing firm, made a huge jump to break into the top 50 global energy firms’ club. It has improved from 80th rank in 2013 to 43rd in this year’s ranking that were released last evening.
Coal India Ltd, the world’s largest coal producer, slipped four places to settle at 47 in this year’s ranking.
Power utility NTPC slipped one place to 50th this year.
Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) made the biggest leap when it jumped from 119th rank last year to 66th in this year’s edition. Gas utility GAIL also improved its ranking from 105 to 97.
Cairn India Ltd improved five positions to settle at 104th in the top-250 ranking where Oil India Ltd, the nation’s second largest state explorer, and Essar Oil debuted at 208th and 232nd positions respectively.
“The Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company Rankings recognise outstanding accomplishments of the top performing energy companies around the world. Each company listed in the Platts Top 250 has distinguished itself through its remarkable performance and the outstanding efforts and dedication of its team in the previous year,” Platts said.
It used four key metrics — asset worth, revenues, profits, and return on invested capital, to assess the energy companies’ financial performance.
Essar Oil has been ranked as the 16th fastest growing company in the world with a 27.9 per cent Compounded Growth Rate (CGR) in the last three years. Cairn India is 25th on the list with 22.2 per cent CGR. GAIL is ranked 32nd with 20.5 per cent CGR on the list, which also has RIL at 46th position with 17.8 per cent CGR.
In 2013, Cairn was ranked the fastest growing energy firm in the world with a CGR of 121 per cent in the previous three years. No other Indian firm figured on that list.
“All companies on the (Global 250) list have assets greater than $5 billion. The fundamental and market data comes from a database compiled and maintained by S&P Capital IQ, a business unit of McGraw Hill Financial,” Platts said.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Ex-Google employee held in Hyderabad for trying to join ISISE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Devendra Fadnavis to be Maharashtra CM  test pendingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

VW recalls 270 000 cars in China to fix airbagsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cars
Volkswagen recalls 270,000 cars in China to fix airbags
AP Oct 29, 2014, 05.28PM IST
Tags:
Audi A4L
(More than 12 million cars…)
BEIJING: Volkswagen and a Chinese partner are recalling 2,70,000 cars in China to repair a software problem that might prevent air bags from activating properly, the government said today.
The recall by FAW-Volkswagen Automotive Co applies to 265,943 Audi A4L cars made in China and 4,692 imported Audi A4 allroad cars, according to the Administration for Quality Inspection, Supervision and Quarantine.
In a collision at some angles the front air bags might fail to open, the agency said.
It did not identify the supplier of the air bags but gave no indication they were linked to Japan's Takata Corp.
More than 12 million cars that use Takata air bags have been recalled because the airbags can explode, possibly injuring drivers and passengers.
Volkswagen and FAW announced another recall two weeks ago of some 570,000 vehicles to repair a possible suspension defect.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shraddha is inching her way to the topCelebrity
Shraddha Kapoor's films are topping the charts
Shraddha Kapoor has delivered back to back hits with 'Aashiqui 2', 'Ek Villain' and 'Haider'. But it is not only her films that are doing extremely well. Even the songs from all her films have been topping the charts.
You might also like:

Market momentum to continue in near term: ExpertsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ease of doing business: India ranks worse than PakistanHi Guest
Ease of doing business: India ranks worse than Pakistan
Image: Wipro Chairman Azim Premji (R), Infosys co-founder N R Narayana Murthy (2nd R), Mukesh Ambani (C), chairman of Reliance Industries, Rahul Bajaj , chairman of the Bajaj Group. Photographs: Adnan Abidi/Reuters Even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi projects India as the destination for manufacturing, India’s ranking in World Bank's ‘Ease of Doing Business’ has slipped further. It takes 30 days and 13 procedures to register a company in Mumbai, while in New Zealand it ...

Black Money Issue: A Reminder Of What Modi Govt PromisedHi Guest
Black Money Issue: A Reminder Of What Modi Govt Promised
The BJP rode on the promise to bring back the black money stashed away in foreign banks in order to win the election, which it did. Now that the list of the names of people in power and business has been given to BJP there seems to be a war. At the start, BJP ...

Tech Mahindra Q2 Net at Rs 719.7 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee ends a tad weaker ahead of Fed meet outcomeHi Guest
Rupee ends a tad weaker ahead of Fed meet outcome
The rupee ended slightly weaker on Wednesday as caution prevailed ahead of the outcome of the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy meeting later in the day, although broader sentiment remained positive following continued foreign inflows. The rupee moved in a tight range for much of the session. The Fed is expected to announce the end of its bond-buying programme but also signal caution about the timing of any hikes in US interest rates. Some analysts said the Fed's stance may have already been priced ...

IP Rings to hold board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SBBJ Q2 net profit slips 23% at Rs 118.6 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Wanderlust: SCA Hygiene MD loves driving from LA to San FranciscoThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP govt plans slew of policies to implement vision for MaharashtraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oriental Bank of Commerce Q2 profit up 16%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mawana Sugars: Outcome of board meetingOct 29, 2014, 05.51 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mawana Sugars: Outcome of board meeting
Mawana Sugars has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 20, 2014, has approved the following: 1. Accepted the resignation of Mr. Naveen Jain, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mawana Sugars: Outcome of board meeting
Mawana Sugars has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 20, 2014, has approved the following: 1. Accepted the resignation of Mr. Naveen Jain, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Mawana Sugars Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 20, 2014, has approved the following:1. Accepted the resignation of Mr. Naveen Jain, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.2. Appointed Ms. Payal Chowdhary, as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. October 20, 2014 in terms of Companies Act, 2013 and Clause 47 of the Listing Agreement.3. Approved Delisting of GDRs of Mawana Sugars Ltd from London Stock Exchange.Source : BSE

8K Miles Software Services: Outcome of EGMOct 29, 2014, 05.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
8K Miles Software Services: Outcome of EGM
8K Miles Software Services has informed that the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on October 28, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
8K Miles Software Services: Outcome of EGM
8K Miles Software Services has informed that the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on October 28, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
8
8K Miles Software Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on October 28, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

AVI Photochem: Board meeting on Nov 10  2014Oct 29, 2014, 05.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
AVI Photochem: Board meeting on Nov 10, 2014
AVI Photochem has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider the following businesses: 1. To consider and approve the Unaudited Financial Results and Limited Liability Report of the Company for the Second Quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
AVI Photochem: Board meeting on Nov 10, 2014
AVI Photochem has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider the following businesses: 1. To consider and approve the Unaudited Financial Results and Limited Liability Report of the Company for the Second Quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
AVI Photochem Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 10, 2014, inter alia, to consider the following businesses:1. To consider and approve the Unaudited Financial Results and Limited Liability Report of the Company for the Second Quarter ended September 30, 2014.2. To consider and approve appointment of Mrs. Bhavna Patel as a Company Secretary of the Company.3. To consider and approve resignation of Mr. Kamlesh Bhagwandas Mehta as a Chief Financial Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

Neuland laboratories has informed that the board of directors of the c...Platinum Member
5426 Followers
Neuland Laboratories has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 29, 2014, inter alia, has:- Allotted 12,22,472 fully-paid up Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs. 10 each, out of the Rights Issue of 12,25,276 Equity shares and the balance has been kept in abeyance.

Purshottam investofin has informed that vide circular resolution dated...Platinum Member
5426 Followers
Purshottam Investofin has informed that vide Circular Resolution dated October 15, 2014 approved by the Board of Director of the Company, Ms. Swati Sharma is appointed as an Additional Director in the first instance pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 w.e.f. October 15, 2014.

Solid results. top line and bottom line shows 25% on half yearly basi...New Member
0 Follower
the last few months have beena bit choppy for Metal Stocks. There has been lot of uncertainity which seems to be clearing now. Expect it to perform better in second half,
5.27 PM Oct 29th

Emami Q2 PAT up at Rs 93 croreHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Emami Q2 PAT up at Rs 93 crore
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 29:  
Emami Ltd reported on Wednesday that its turnover grew by 20.4 per cent at Rs 490 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 against the corresponding quarter of last fiscal. The company’s profit after tax went up by 16 per cent at Rs 93 crore.
It said topline growth from domestic business moved up by 18.4 per cent on several new product launches.
Navratna Oil and Cool Talcum Powder, Zandu Balm, Mentho Plus Balm, Fair & Handsome and Zandu range of products witnessed double digit sales growth.
International business grew by 33 per cent during the quarter. The growth was led by Bangladesh, other neighbouring SAARC countries and CIS nations.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Navy prepared to meet natural calamities: ChiefNavy ready to meet threat posed by Cyclone Nilofar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 29:  
The Navy is ready to meet the threat posed to the Western coast by Cyclone Nilofar, Chief of Naval Staff Admiral R K Dhowan has said.
He was speaking to the media here after launching the sapling plantation drive in the Eastern Naval Command on Wednesday. Admiral Dhowan said the Western Naval Command was taking all precautions to secure its assets. The Indian Navy along with the Coast Guard was also working to ensure the safety of fishermen.
He said the Navy could ensure that no floating assets were damaged by Hudhud that hit the city two weeks ago by taking all precautions. Appreciating the pace of the restoration work at the ENC, he said the efforts of officers and sailors were responsible for making the Visakhapatnam Airport, under the Navy's jurisdiction, operational in such quick time. He said the Navy did not foresee any threat from natural calamities to the Naval Alternate Operational Base coming up near here as a proper study of the threat perception from climate and other sources had been conducted before the project was taken up.
He said the repairs and restoration of the properties in the ENC here would be taken up on the basis of prioritisation. The International Fleet Review scheduled to be held here in February 2016 would be hosted by the ENC, he added.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

AP to release Rs 800 cr for gram panchayatsAP to release Rs 800 cr for gram panchayats
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 29:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu has ordered for release of Rs 800 crore for Gram Panchayats to facilitate development of infrastructure.
Following review of utilisation of financial resources in 26 departments, the Chief Minister directed officials to utilize the funds for laying roads, drainage system, installing street lights and ensuring health and sanitation.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

AP economy grows 7.4% in Q1AP economy grows 7.4% in Q1
V. Rishi Kumar
Agri sector boosts numbers, industry, services slip
Hyderabad, Oct. 29:  
The first quarter numbers of Andhra Pradesh economic indicators shows that the gross state domestic product (GSDP) was up by 7.39 per cent aided by strong growth in the agriculture sector.
However, the performance of the industrial and services sector was lower than the all India average.
According to State Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, the agriculture sector performance was robust contributing to 17.43 per cent as against all India agriculture contribution of 3.80 per cent to GDP number. The industrial sector contribution in the new State was however lower at 3.96 per cent versus all India’s 4.24 per cent and the services sector too lagged behind with contribution of 6.46 to the State GSDP as against 6.80 per cent in the country.
Reviewing the economic performance of the State and analysing growth rates across different sectors, the Finance Minister said that the agriculture sector in Andhra Pradesh has registered significantly higher growth than the all-India average in the same sector. However, the State is lagging behind in industry and services sectors.
The Finance Minister expressed the need to develop these two sectors over the next five years.
During the meeting, the Finance Minister instructed the planning department to identify new areas for growth  within sectors. The background analysis would be useful before the preparation of the budget for 2015-16.
The Government is set to take up Ananthapur and East Godavari districts as pilot projects for mandal wise study of GSDP with reference to various growth engines across different sectors.
Distilleries
The State is considering giving permission to set up four distilleries. The new distilleries are being considered as Andhra Pradesh is having to source from other States including Telangana and having to pay up higher taxes. The setting up of new distilleries is seen to add to the State revenues.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Electorsteel Castings petitions apex court over quashing of coal blocksHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Electorsteel Castings petitions apex court over quashing of coal blocks
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 29:  
Electorsteel Castings Ltd said that it has filed petition before the Supreme Court on cancellation of allotment of a coal block. North Dhadhu coal block in Jharkahand was earlier made to Electrosteel Castings and a few other investors for shared operations.
The company also said it was examining the implication of the Ordinance, promulgated by the Centre this month paving way for e-auction of coal blocks, on the company’s investment so far made in joint coal mining project.
It stated in a note to the Q2 results that it did not make any fresh investments, apart from the initial investments made on the coal block, which is yet to be made operational.
The ductile iron pipe maker reported net profit of Rs 12.78 crore in the July-September quarter against Rs 19.76 crore in the corresponding quarter last financial year.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Kridhan Infra bags orders worth Rs 150 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kridhan Infra bags orders worth Rs 150 cr
Our Bureau
Kridhan Infra (formerly known as Readymade Steel India) has bagged orders worth Rs 150 crore.
Kridhan secured the orders through its subsidiary KH Foges Pte Singapore.
KH Foges is a specialist contractor in foundation engineering works with expertise in piling, civil engineering, foundation and geotechnical engineering.
With this order, the company’s current order book stands at Rs 500 crore, Kridhan Infra said in a release.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Ganga clean-up: Apex court asks green tribunal to act against polluting unitsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Plunging oil prices hit Total profitsPlunging oil prices hit Total profits
Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0f99864-5f46-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mortgage data show housing market coolingMortgage data show UK housing market cooling
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de4b5b7a-5f51-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BBVA profits triple but miss expectationsBBVA profits triple amid rising expectations
Thomas Hale in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9297b7de-5f4f-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Life annuity sales plungeStandard Life funds fail to attract net new money
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35dacf72-5f4a-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s 500 Most Valuable Companies of 2014Story
Keeping the faith
PSUs in the BT 500 show a 31 per cent rise in combined market capitalisation, compared with a 13 per cent fall last year. The entire market capitalisation of BT 500 companies has risen 35.5 per cent.
Team BT        Edition: Nov 9, 2014
The entire market capitalisation of BT 500 companies has risen 35.5 per cent.
Everyone from Navjot Singh Sidhu downwards has a view on statistics, comparing them with all sorts of female attire worn at the beach and elsewhere. In our hands, the useful stuff is winnowed from the chaff and laced only with some interpretation to help you along. For often there is deep meaning in a small change.
What does it mean if ONGC , number three last year, moves past Reliance Industries to become number two? Apart from Reliance's own reasons - its stock has lost 12.5 per cent between May 16 and September 30 - that change epitomises an all-around surge in public sector companies. PSUs in the BT 500 show a 31 per cent rise in combined market capitalisation , compared with a 13 per cent fall last year. The entire market capitalisation of BT 500 companies has risen 35.5 per cent.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Top 500 Most Valuable Companies 2014
The rise was only to be expected this year. Much of the euphoria around the historic mandate Narendra Modi won on May 16 was fuelled by the hope that he will revive businesses. The Sensex rose 11.5 per cent between the day of the results and September 30, the day of the BT 500 data. Is this therefore a promise kept?
Still a bit early to make that call. But as we go to press, the Modi government seems to have put a lukewarm Budget behind it to initiate measures that promise to reform labour laws and push projects. No miniskirt or bikini can conceal the significance of that.

How we compiled the BT 500 Most Valuable Companies listStory
How we did it
Compliling the BT 500 list was a fascinating journey. It revealed which companies navigated the difficult terrain better than others.
Team BT     Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Adversity brings out the best in champions. Indeed, the last one year has been fairly challenging for corporate India with the economic slowdown, a stubbornly high inflation and, as a consequence, high interest rates. However, tough times also separate the men from the boys. That is why compiling the BT 500 list was a fascinating journey. It revealed which companies navigated the difficult terrain better than others.
True, it has been a heady year for the Indian stock markets. The resurgence of a Narendra Modi-led NDA kept the markets in good cheer this year. The benchmark Sensex touched an all-time high this September and is still flirting with 26,000 to 27,000 levels. The market capitalisation of most companies has surged. That is why we look beyond the valuations and also focus on the actual performance of companies on key parameters.
Indeed, in the 23rd edition of the BT 500 rankings, the companies were put through a rigorous process of evaluation. There has been no change in the methodology this year. Only listed companies were ranked on the basis of their six-month average market capitalisation. Additionally, the companies were also ranked on the basis of other financial parameters and their performance compared with the previous year.
THE PROCESS
FULL COVERAGE: India's Top 500 Most Valuable Companies 2014
For data crunching we used Prowess, the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy's corporate database. A total of 5,312 companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange were considered as our primary universe. The six-month average market capitalisation between April and September 2014 was considered for all these companies. Further, to weed out illiquid companies, stocks that traded for less than 20 per cent of the total number of trading days (123) between April 1 and September 30, 2014, were not considered. Finally, 3,503 companies qualified for the rankings and from that list we picked the top 1,000.
FINANCIAL PARAMETERS
The market capitalisation of a company which mirrors the investors' sentiments was the primary filter for ranking the companies. However, to delve deeper, other financial information was also provided and companies were ranked separately on different parameters. We chose Total Assets, Total Income, Net Profit, profit as percentage of total income, Return on Net Worth, Return on Capital Employed, and Earnings Per Share to gauge the performance of companies. The financial year ended March 2014 was considered for all the financial parameters used. In case of exceptions, footnotes have been specified. Only standalone numbers were taken into account for all the ranked companies.

TCS  work culture paves way for women successStory
On Equal Terms
The inclusive and diverse work culture of TCS is tailor-made to support, not hinder, the abilities of its women employees to reach the top.
Ajita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Set for a long haul: TCS CEO N. Chandrasekaran with women employees. (Photos: Rachit Goswami)
It is the country's largest IT company and tops the BT 500 ranking based on its market performance. But it is for many other humane reasons that the 100,000-strong women workforce of TCS holds the company in high esteem - its gender diversity and goodwill are a few of them.
The human resources head of TCS for the UK and Ireland, Nupur Mallick, will definitely vouch for it. For Mallick, January 2, 2002 was a turning point in her professional life.
Finding it impossible to balance her work life with motherhood, she had then decided to quit her job as an HR manager of a small unit of TCS in Mumbai. Unable to muster courage and speak to her boss N. Chandrasekaran, the present CEO and MD who was then the Head of Sales, she had sent her resignation letter by post a few days ago. However, when Mallick walked in to Chandrasekaran 's office on January 2, he wished her Happy New Year and returned her resignation letter.
"His reassuring smile was enough for me to take back my resignation," recalls Mallick. She was then allowed a long leave to attend to her infant. There has no looking back for her after that as she went on to become the HR head of TCS in Mumbai and then in 2006 got elevated as HR head for the UK and Ireland.
A similar experience awaited Arathi Subramaniam in 2009. As head of a product vertical, she was then required to travel overseas frequently. But a family emergency forced her to choose between family and profession. Instead of resigning, she decided to have an open conversation with her employers. "They gave me a role where I didn't have to choose between my constraint and growth. I didn't have to take a step back in my career," she says. Just last week, Subramaniam became the head of governance, risk management and compliance across all corporate functions of the company. The organisation's ability to offer diverse roles and its sensitive and empowering approach to the challenges that the women workforce face have definitely won many hearts.
'We have always believed in hiring people who grow with the organisation. When women began to drop out at the mid-management levels, it was not just difficult, it was also an expensive proposition,' says Ajoyendra Mukherjee, EVP, Global Head (HR), TCS.
"I have never been made to feel that I am a woman, rather I have always been empowered," says Mallick. Michele Lemmens, Centre Director of TCS' all-woman BPO in Saudi Arabia, says she was surprised when the company agreed to give her a chance to head a business in a difficult market like Saudi Arabia.
"I am all for challenges. The company recognised it and gave me a chance," she says. Lemmens had to start the business from scratch last year but has already built a 300-member all-woman team. Currently, around 33 per cent of the total workforce of TCS are women, a number Chandrasekaran is very proud of. He clarifies that the company's focus on gender diversity is not just an effort to meet a metric.
"We are a company that believes in meritocracy. All these women are phenomenally capable people, have deep expertise in running the business, be it in operations, customer orientation, domain knowledge or delivery excellence in terms of people skills. We are trying to promote people with a lot of capability," he says. Less than a decade ago, the company had to face a high attrition rate when several high-performing women employees, especially in the middle and senior management levels, gave up their careers for family. This apparently seems to have led the company to carefully structure its gender diversity policy by enabling women to get the right work-life balance.
"We have always believed in hiring people who grow with the organisation. When women began to drop out at the mid-management levels, it was not just difficult, it was also an expensive proposition,"says Ajoyendra Mukherjee, Executive Vice President and Head, Global HR, TCS. So the TCS management under the leadership of Chandrasekaran went all out to ensure that their women force stayed on.
The company offered extended maternity leave, flexibility on the kind of roles one would like to opt for and even long leave during their kids' Class X or XII exams.
"When my daughter was 15 months old, I got an opportunity to move to Chennai to manage a larger function, but I didn't want to do so. However, I was not sidelined because I refused to move. Rather I was put in an equally good role in Bangalore itself," says Vijaya Deepti, VP and Global Head, Insurance Products, TCS.
One of the oldest woman employees of TCS, Deepti says that she has always been measured as per the results that she has delivered. TCS helping its woman employees to take a much-needed break from work is definitely a boon but getting back to work after that too has been often challenging.
"Most women employees are sceptical about taking up challenging leadership roles and prefer to take a backseat, especially after they come back from a long leave," says Ritu Anand, VP and Deputy HR Head, TCS.
To address this, the company has employed counsellors and put in place programmes like Re-Orientation, Stay Connected and iEXCEL. "We familiarise them with the leadership opportunities and positions that are available. We also teach them skills to manage diverse teams and roles, and get other woman employees handling leadership roles to talk to them," says Mukherjee. TCS conducts two-three iEXCEL programmes a year and each has at least 20-30 participants. "Our midlevel women attrition levels have come down dramatically with these programmes," says Mukherjee.
The company's overall attrition level is at 12 per cent, while the industry attrition is higher at 14 per cent. K. Sudarshan, Managing Director of EMA Partners, a placement firm, is full of admiration for TCS' gender diversity policies. However, he wonders whether there are enough women holding key leadership roles in the organisation. Only 12-13 per cent of the senior management roles in TCS are occupied by women, though 33 per cent of the company's 335,000 workforce are women.
"That needs to change," agrees CEO Chandrasekaran. "If we have 33 per cent women at the company level, there is no reason why we shouldn't have 33 per cent women at the senior most levels." So, is there a chance that the next CEO of TCS would be a woman? Chandrasekaran remains diplomatic. "I guess, it's too early to say, but it's all about giving equal opportunities. In our company, we focus on an empowered management structure and empowered teams. We have a lot of phenomenal people and we will grow all of them."

Investors  faith puts ONGC on high-growth pathAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Happy days: ONGC CMD V.K. Sarraf at a public park in Delhi.  Photo: Vivan Mehra
On January 16 this year, Sudhir Vasudeva, then Chairman and Managing Director of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), and Dinesh Kumar Sarraf, then head of its foreign assets' arm, ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL), both sat glued to their TV sets. They wanted to know the outcome of a meeting an Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) was holding that day to decide on the disinvestment of 10 per cent stake in Indian Oil Corporation (IOC). The United Progressive Alliance government was still in power and anxious to reduce the fiscal deficit before the general elections in April/May.
Private investors had shown little interest in buying IOC shares when their sale was first mooted, primarily because the company's revenue was hurt due to the government's uncertain subsidy payment mechanism. But Vasudeva and Sarraf knew that not only was the EGoM likely to endorse the sale anyway, but that the government would also insist ONGC and Oil India Ltd buy five per cent each of IOC. Vasudeva had tried hard to convince the then petroleum minister Veerappa Moily that it would be a poor investment decision for ONGC, but to no avail. Soon TV flashes confirmed his worst fears.
But Sarraf, who took over as CMD in March following Vasudeva's retirement, says he reacted differently. "I picked up my tablet and did some calculations," he told Business Today. "I took into consideration that the under-recovery on diesel was about to be neutralised. I noted that petrol was already decontrolled. I called Vasudeva and told him we should ask for a bigger stake in IOC."
Sarraf's response reflected not only his innate optimism, but also his thorough understanding of the company and the industry's financials. (He was Finance Director at ONGC before taking over OVL.) And he has been proved right. Despite the IOC stake purchase, ONGC's average market value was Rs 3,39,456 crore (April to September 2014), an increase of 31.2 per cent over its average market value of Rs 2,58,668 crore the previous year (April to September 2013). ONGC also ranks second by market value in the BT 500 list this year, behind only Tata Consultancy Services (ahead of even Reliance Industries).
Investor Faith
One reason for investor faith in this public sector behemoth is clearly the coming to power of the new Narendra Modi-led National Democratic Alliance government. Though ONGC is supposed to be autonomous, government intervention in its functioning is an open secret. But Modi enjoys a pro-reforms, market-friendly image, and has roused expectations that he will grow ONGC the way he did the Gujarat government-owned oil and gas company, GSPC, during his tenure as Gujarat chief minister. "There is optimism in the market, largely because of the new establishment at the Centre and ONGC cannot stay unaffected," says Sarraf.
Already changes are afoot. Three independent directors have been removed from the ONGC board - P. Uma Shankar, former power secretary; R.K. Singh, former Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) chairman; and S. Ravi, a chartered accountant. In June, ONGC also sold its entire 46 per cent equity in ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals Ltd (OMPL) to its subsidiary, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL), since OMPL and MRPL have greater synergies. "ONGC's performance is being monitored very closely now," says Narendra Taneja, convenor of the Bharatiya Janata Party's energy cell. "It has to make a presentation every week to the petroleum ministry, which was not the case earlier."
But the big, unresolved question is gas pricing. In the last months before it was voted out, the UPA government had evolved a new gas pricing formula that would have raised domestic gas prices to $8.3 to $8.6 per million metric British thermal units (mmBtu) from the current range of $2.3 to $6 mmBtu, bringing them closer to prevailing global prices. The matter being politically sensitive, the new government deferred a decision on its implementation on coming to power. The final decision is likely to be taken at a cabinet meet on November 15. Huge gains in both revenue and profit are likely to accrue to ONGC if indeed the new formula comes into effect.
Besides, as Sarraf predicted while supporting the purchase of IOC shares, diesel under-recovery is now a thing of the past. With the new government continuing the UPA government's policy of raising the diesel price by 50 paise per litre every month, diesel now earns a profit of two rupees per litre. In 2013/14, ONGC gave discounts worth Rs 2,72,721 crore to the oil marketing companies to partially meet the oil subsidy - this may now fall steeply. "If the company's contribution is reduced, we will have better net realisation of our crude oil. We will obviously have more cash in hand, and can invest more," says Sarraf. Again, global crude prices have fallen below $100 a barrel for some months now and market predictions maintain they are likely to stay this way, but this in no way hurts ONGC. "If the subsidy burden reduces, it will increase the net realisation per barrel," says R.S. Sharma, former ONGC CMD.
New Avenues
OVL's overseas acquisitions are also brimming with potential. It made four acquisitions in 2013/14 for a total cost of $11 billion of which the largest was a 20 per cent stake in the Rovuma Basin (Area 1) off the coast of Mozambique. Area 1 is estimated to have recoverable gas reserves of 45 to 70 trillion cubic feet - in comparison, Reliance Industries' (RIL) D6 block in the Krishna Godavari (KG) Basin, at its peak, had a potential of around 11.3 trillion cubic feet. The deal was sealed in January, but certain clearances are still awaited before production can start.
Most of the gas can be brought to India. "It will happen at international prices, but our presence there will ensure supplies," says Sarraf. To facilitate this, ONGC plans to set up a liquefied natural gas (LNG) import terminal at Mangalore, along with BPCL - which also has a 10 per cent stake in Rovuma Area 1. Plans are also afoot to buy a stake in an LNG export terminal in the US. With these, India's LNG import capacity will rise from the current 15 MTPA (metric tonne per annum) to 45 MTPA. In coming years, India is expected to become the world's second biggest natural gas importer - after Japan.
With a daily output of around 60 million cubic cm, ONGC is already the country's biggest gas producer. Further domestic supplies are expected from an oil and gas reserve in the KG Basin, next to RIL's D6, which is estimated to have around one trillion cubic feet of gas. It is likely to become operational from mid-2018.
A year later, the Daman offshore gas field on the western coast will also start production. Sarraf expects the Daman offshore field to contribute 20 per cent to the country's total gas production once it reaches its peak. ONGC is also exploring shale gas possibilities in the Cambay and Raniganj basins - a segment into which private players have so far not been allowed.
ONGC's subsidiary MRPL has 2,000 licences to set up petrol and diesel retail outlets and plans to start utilising them soon. "Petrol is decontrolled and there is no under-recovery in diesel any more. It is a good time to get into retail," says one of ONGC's directors. "But the perfect time will be once diesel is decontrolled as well." It could, however, face competition from private players like RIL, Shell and Essar Oil, who too have 2,000 licences each.
"There are advantages and disadvantages to being a PSU," says ex-CMD Sharma. "On the one hand you share the burden of the downstream companies' under-recoveries. But on the other, you get a head start over private players in a pioneering field like shale gas exploration. You also get government support for your global acquisitions."
Right now, it is the advantages which appear prominent. "ONGC is on a dream run," says Jayant Manglik, President of brokerage firm Religare Securities. "Everything it touches is turning to gold." Not surprisingly, the government plans to make the most of it by divesting another five per cent in the company, reducing its stake to 62 per cent.

Sensex surges 150 pts in early trade to regain 27 000-markBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Jubilant Life Sciences stock falls on Q2 lossJubilant Life Sciences stock falls as Q2 loss widens
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 13:32 IST
The Jubilant Life Sciences stock fell on Wednesday after the company reported Rs 94.11 crore loss in Q2 of this fiscal. 
The company had posted a net loss of Rs 80.58 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
At 1:22 pm, the stock was trading 9.77 per cent lower at Rs 148.75 on the BSE. The Sensex was trading 147 points higher at 27,027.
Its net sales in the quarter under review stood at Rs 1,362.11 crore during the period, down 4.36 per cent compared to Rs 1,424.3 crore in the same period previous fiscal, Jubilant Life Sciences said in a BSE filing.

Google  nanoparticles  to search bodies for early detection of diseaseBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Black money case: Centre submits list with names of 627 foreign account holders to SCCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Delhi govt formation delay: L-G to hold talks with all partiesComments
Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung said on Wednesday he would explore with all political parties the possibility of forming a government in Delhi.
"In view of the President’s approval to explore the possibility of installing a popular government in the National Capital Territory of Delhi, the Lt. Governor Shri Najeeb Jung would be exploring the possibilities with the leaders of all political parties over the next few days," said a release from his office.
The L-G's move came a day ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on the Aam Aadmi Party's (AAP) petition to dissolve the assembly and go for press polls.
Sources said this move would give the L-G some leeway in the apex court as discussion with political parties would drag on for days.
With the Congress and the AAP strongly demanding fresh elections and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) still short of a majority, this could also open up the floor for horse-trading, sources added.
On Tuesday, the court pulled up the Centre and L-G over the delay in arriving at a decision on government formation in the national capital.
"Just before every date of the hearing, some statement is made about the attempt being made for the formation of government. But why things are not being done well before the date of the hearing?" the apex court's constitution bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu had asked.
The court said President's rule could not go on forever in a democracy and questioned whether the single largest party, the BJP,  was in a position to for a government.
Delhi has been under President's rule over the last eight months, after the AAP government led by Arvind Kejriwal resigned.
In the 70-member Delhi House, the BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) has 29 MLAs - down from 32 after its legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma were elected to the Lok Sabha.
The AAP has 28 members, of which Vinod Kumar Binny was subsequently expelled by the party, while the Congress has eight.
Kejriwal, meanwhile, took a dig at Jung, saying, "For the last eight months, we requested L-G for an all party meeting. The decision can be taken in five minutes."
"… if his intentions are noble he should call an all party meet today (Wednesday) evening."
LG says he will call all party meeting in "next few days"? Why next few days? To seek adj in SC tomo? (1/2)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 29, 2014
We demand that LG shud call all party meeting today itself, take final decision by eve and inform court tomo accordingly (2/2)
— Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) October 29, 2014
Kejriwal had earlier accused Jung of favouring the BJP on the matter of the formation of the government in Delhi.
Reacting to reports that the L-G has got the President's nod to invite the single-largest party to form the government, Kejriwal accused the BJP on Tuesday of indulging in dirty tricks.
After the court asked the Centre and L-G why they had taken such a long time in taking a call on the Delhi deadlock, Kejriwal had said the BJP would lose if fresh elections were held and was trying to delay the matter.
Meanwhile, earlier in the day, Jung met Union home minister Rajnath Singh over the issue of government formation in Delhi.

ONGC becomes highest ranked Indian energy firmONGC topples RIL to become highest ranked Indian energy firm
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 04.14PM IST
(ONGC has edged past Reliance…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has edged past Reliance Industries to become the highest ranked Indian energy firm on this year's Platts Global 250 Rankings.
ONGC, which in 2013 was ranked 22nd, improved one position in this year's ranking that is led by global giants Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell.
RIL, India's largest private firm, slipped from 19th rank in 2013 to 22nd in this year's ranking, according to Platts.
Indian Oil Corp, the nation's largest oil refiner and fuel marketing firm, made a huge jump to break into top 50 global energy firms club. It has improved from 80th rank in 2013 to 43rd in this year's ranking that were released last evening.
Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal producer, slipped four places to settle at 47 in this year's ranking. Power utility NTPC slipped one place to 50th this year.
Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) made the biggest leap when it jumped from 119th rank last year to 66th in this year's edition. Gas utility GAIL also improved its ranking from 105 to 97.
Cairn India Ltd improved five positions to settle at 104th in the top-250 ranking where Oil India Ltd, the nation's second largest state explorer, and Essar Oil debuted at 208th and 232nd positions respectively.
"The Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company Rankings recognize outstanding accomplishments of the top performing energy companies around the world. Each company listed in the Platts Top 250 has distinguished itself through its remarkable performance and the outstanding efforts and dedication of its team in the previous year," Platts said.
It used four key metrics -- asset worth, revenues, profits, and return on invested capital, to assess the energy companies' financial performance.
Essar Oil has been ranked as the 16th fastest growing company in the world with a 27.9 per cent Compounded Growth Rate (CGR) in last three years. Cairn India is 25th on the list with 22.2 per cent CGR. GAIL is ranked 32nd with 20.5 per cent CGR on the list, which also has RIL at 46th position with 17.8 per cent CGR.
In 2013, Cairn was ranked the fastest growing energy firm in the world with a CGR of 121 per cent in the previous three years. No other Indian firm figured on that list.
"All companies on the (Global 250) list have assets greater than USD 5 billion. The fundamental and market data comes from a database compiled and maintained by S&P Capital IQ, a business unit of McGraw Hill Financial," Platts said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Whats with Bollywood divas and married menCelebrity Search
What's with Bollywood divas and married men?
From Hema Malini to Kalki Koechlin here’s a look at all the ladies who loved and lusted after much married men.
Aditya Chopra was married to Payal Khanna before he met Rani. And then, the rest, of course is history
1 / 11
Yahoo India Celebrity | Photo by Yogen Shah
Tue 22 Apr, 2014 12:30 PM IST
True heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
Moon gazing on Karva Chauth
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:13 PM IST
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
The stunning stars at GQ Men Of The Year Awards
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 1:00 PM IST
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look

Life insurers see income fall by 2% in first half of FY15Life insurers see income fall by 2 per cent in first half of FY15
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 13:18 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The life insurance industry has seen flat growth in new prermium income in the first half of the current fiscal as the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ( Irda ) has asked companies to sell only new products, while the non-life players saw their new business growing 10 per cent.
"The prime reason behind the flat result was the high base effect last year following the new guidelines set by the sectoral regulator Irda, which asked life players to bring in new products. So this year there was no trigger for the industry in the April-September period," Life Insurance Council Secretary General V Manickam told PTI.
The new businesses premium collected by the life insurance industry during the first half fell by 1.75 per cent to Rs 49,179 crore, against Rs 50,058 crore a year ago, according to the data collated by the Life Insurance Council.
But the fall in the number of new policies sold by the life insurance industry was much sharper with new policy sales plunging 52 per cent to 95,69,626 from 1,99,86,000 in the year-ago period.
In 2013, Irda had asked life insurers to focus on bringing in new products and had set a December 31, 2013 deadline for existing products, which saw companies going on a selling spree.
Interestingly, the new regulatory order was issued by the regulator in this connection on September 30, 2013 with an initial deadline of October 1. However, Irda later extended the expiry date to December end on request from insurers.
During September 2013 itself, the companies were able to sell 68 lakh new policies selling existing products and thus underwriting the premium to the tune of Rs 11,223 crore. In contrast, they sold only 22 lakh policies during September this year and thus underwriting premium to the tune of Rs 8,660 crore.
As of now, there are a total 450 products being sold by the industry which include 322 products under individual category.
All the insurance companies are able to bring sizeable junk of premium now. It shows the acceptability of products in the market, he said.

Kathy Willens / AP  file
YouTube Explores Subscription Streaming ServicesYouTube is in the early stages of exploring new subscription services, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki told Re/code’s Peter Kafka and Liz Gannes at today’s Code/Mobile conference.
Wojcicki wouldn’t offer specifics, but suggested that one option could be an ad-free service.
“YouTube right now is ad-supported, which is great because it has enabled us to scale to a billion users; but there are going to be cases where people are going to say, `I don’t want to see the ads, or I want to have a different experience’,” Wojcicki said in an onstage interview. She compared the idea to apps where users can “either choose ads, or pay a fee, which is an interesting model. … We’re thinking about how to give users options.”
In 2013, YouTube let individual content owners sell subscriptions to their stuff, but it has done little to promote that option since then. Wojcicki said she was interested in pursuing other subscription models as well.
Wojcicki, who took over as YouTube CEO last February, discussed a variety of topics during the interview, including YouTube’s relationship with parent company Google, YouTube’s efforts to keep its content creators happy and how YouTube is adapting to its growing mobile-user base.
When asked how being a part of Google benefits YouTube, Wojcicki joked, “We get free food. They changed it all to healthy snacks.”
“Really, having the ad sales has been one benefit,” she said. “I think it’s important to point out that when YouTube was acquired by Google, it was still a pretty nascent business, and most of the people were hobbyists. … So I think what we’ve gotten is a long-term consistent investment. As well as free food.”
Asa Mathat
After taking the lead at YouTube, she told Kafka in an earlier interview, she focused on understanding the ecosystem of content creators on the site , and better promoting these creators so they can make money. One of these creators is, presumably, PewDiePie, who recently was rumored to be considering ditching YouTube as his distribution network. (If PewDiePie doesn’t mean anything to you, that’s okay; I had to look him up as well. But the Swedish video game vlogger has over 31 million subscribers to his YouTube channel, which makes him a priority in YouTube’s content-partner-relationship goals.)
Kafka asked Wojcicki how YouTube would handle it if a creator like PewDiePie were to leave YouTube at the end of the year. “Would you change the ad split, or write a check, [basically] ‘Don’t go, stay’?”
Wojcicki said it “depends on the creator,” but underscored the strategy of promoting and investing in content partners. “Every creator’s going to try to be a little bit different … and we certainly talk to all of our creators.”
“We’re always watching, always trying to innovate,” she continued. “It’s similar to the ad market in a lot of ways: There are always new ad platforms coming out, but at the end of the day people say, I’m going to go to the one that generates the most revenue for me.”
Still, the most compelling insight from Wojcicki was around the potential subscription service for YouTube content. Wojcicki is no stranger to the ad business: Prior to YouTube, she led Google’s advertising and analytics team, overseeing products like AdSense, AdWords and DoubleClick. (She was also a very early employee of Google, and famously let founders Larry and Sergey run a fledgling Google out of her garage back in the day).
“We’ve been thinking about other ways it might make sense for us [at YouTube]. We’re early in that process, but if you look at media over time, most of them have both ads and subscription services,” she said.
As Wojcicki said earlier in the interview, Google attracts more than a billion visitors per month, and an increasing number of them are coming from mobile. Google doesn’t break out YouTube’s financials, but eMarketer  has said the site generated $5.6 billion in ad revenue last year.
One nugget that Wojcicki shared was that 50 percent of YouTube views are now coming from mobile devices. She also said that the site is growing 50 percent each year in terms of watch time (although she conceded that YouTube watch time still doesn’t come close to the average amount of time consumers watch TV each day).
When it came to questions around other subscription services — specifically, YouTube’s long-promised music subscription service — Wojcicki was once again noncommittal, and wouldn’t say whether it would launch this year.
“We’re working on it,” she said. “You’ll be one of the first to know!”
*This story has been updated with a more accurate version of Wojicki’s quote regarding her subscription plans.

Taco Bell Launches Mobile Taco Ordering AppTaco Bell has launched a new app that promises to paradigm shift how you order tacos.
Didn't know your taco had a paradigm that needed shifting? Get ready to "Live mas."
In the new app, called simply, "Taco Bell," you can can order using the app and you can skip the entire line in the store when you go in to pick up a meal. Or simply have it ready when you pull up at the drive-thru. To avoid food getting cold or not being ready, the app sends a message asking you to "check in" when you get within 500 feet of a store. Tap it and the kitchen gets a message on their screens to start making your order just like any other.
The app,  available in the App Store and on Google Play , does do a few things an "analog" customer can't. Customers can add any ingredient to any meal to make their own Frankentacos. Mobile users will get access to exclusive menu items and deals. "Freeze" drinks only cost $1 for those ordering by smartphone. And the patent-pending "Rotate to Reorder" feature lets customers reorder their customized favorites simply by turning their phone to the side.
Taco Bell's app, two years in the making, isn't the first from a fast food chain. Starbucks has an app that lets their customers order ahead and is linked to their credit or debit card. Mobile and online ordering accounts for 40 percent of Domino's U.S. sales. Chipotle, Dunkin' Donuts, Jimmy Johns all have apps and Panera Bread and McDonald's are signing up with Apple Pay.
Increasingly, fast food isn't just about what's sizzling behind the counter, but what they've got cooking on your smartphone's touchscreen. That's especially true as restaurants compete for millennials' money.
“Decades ago, your car keys were the ticket to convenience at the drive-thru. Today as food culture changes and generations grow up with smart phones, our customers seek restaurant experiences that fit their lifestyle,” said Brian Niccol, president, Taco Bell Corp in a statement. “We believe mobile ordering and payment is the biggest innovation since the drive-thru."
Email Ben Popken at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

BJP Delhi governmentgovernment-in...    Cached
New Delhi: The BJP on Monday decided not to form the government in Delhi, which has been under President's Rule since February this year. BJP leaders met Lieutenant ...

Government black moneyopposition-corners...    Cached
New Delhi, Nov 27 (IANS) The government Thursday faced flak in the Lok Sabha for yet another day on the black money issue, with the opposition parties asking it to ...

Maharashtra CM decisioncongress-backs...    Cached
Indian Express Congress backs Maharashtra CM on decision to skip PM's event Indian Express At a function in Solapur on Saturday, where the Prime Minister inaugurated ...

Madhuri Dixit  Boys don t cryjoins-hands-with...    Cached
Madhuri Dixit has joined hands with Vogue in this ... in short film ‘Boys don’t cry ... women in their lives cry. If you want change, start with the boys!
Let’s Not Teach Our Sons “ Boys Don’ t Cry.” Teach Them This...
Viddsee via Yahoo Philippines Celebrity15 hours ago
Want to empower women? Let's start with the boys. From the time they are wailing babies to the time they become grown men, boys are often chided for crying. "Boys don't cry" and "stop crying like a girl" are oft … Continued The post Let’s Not Teach Our Sons “Boys Don’t Cry.” Teach Them This Instead. appeared first on Viddsee BUZZ. Download the new free Viddsee iPhone app to watch awesome short ...

Amitabh Bachchan summonscom/2014-10-28/news/...    Cached
LOS ANGELES: A US court has issued summons against Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan in an alleged human rights violation case filed by a Sikh rights group.
Also Try

Trilokpuri  1984: memories of anti-Sikh riots return to hauntBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

SRF stock gains most as Q2 profit rises 61%SRF stock gains most as Q2 profit rises 61 per cent
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 14:18 IST
The SRF Ltd stock on Wednesday rose the most on the BSE after the company reported a rise of 61 per cent in net profit in Q2.
At 2:06 pm, the stock was trading 18.78 per cent higher on the BSE . The Sensex rose 0.53 per cent higher to 27,024 points.
SRF is a leading manufacturer of chemical-based industrial intermediates. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 47.77 crore during the same quarter a year ago.
Total income from operations during the July-September quarter also increased 9.98 per cent to Rs 928.17 crore as against Rs 843.89 crore a year ago, SRF said in a BSE filing.
(With PTI inputs)

Moody s retains negative outlook on banking ...Moody's retains negative outlook on banks for high corporate leverage
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Debt Financing
("The negative outlook reflects…)
MUMBAI: International rating agency Moody's today retained its negative outlook on the domestic banking system, citing high leverage in the corporate sector that may prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality.
"Our outlook for the country's banking system remains negative, as it has been since November 2011.
"The negative outlook reflects our view that high leverage in the corporate sector could prevent any meaningful recovery in asset quality, notwithstanding a moderate rebound in economic growth," the agency Moody's Investors Service said in a note issued from Singapore .
The report further said continuing poor asset quality, wherein the NPAs levels are set to touch 4.5 percent of the system, will require continued provisioning and strengthened capital buffers. After provisions, profitability of public sector banks will generate insufficient internal capital for loan growth, the report added.
The negative outlook pertains mainly to the public sector banks as they represent more than 70 percent of total banking system assets. These banks have experienced higher growth rates in non-performing and restructured loans, as well as greater weakening in profits, than their private sector peers, Moody's said.
The report says while these trends are unlikely to improve for public sector banks, in contrast, private sector banks have stronger margins, reserves, and capital levels, which serve as buffers against conditions that remain challenging.
On growth, which inched up to surprising 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of the current fiscal after logging in sub-5 percent growth in the past two fiscals, Moody's said GDP will pick up moderately this fiscal, but remains constrained by the high interest rates due to inflation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

QE ends today: Why Indian mkts will continue to get  easy moneyYou are here: Home > Collections
US ends QE today: Why Indian markets will continue to get 'easy money'
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 02.39PM IST
(The central bank has employed…)
NEW DELHI: As widely expected, the US Federal Reserve is likely to end its third round of the so-called quantitative easing program or QE3, when it concludes its two-day policy meet today.
The central bank has employed three rounds of bond-buying programs, since the 2008 crisis, to stabilize the economy and support the financial system, which pushed the asset prices higher across the world.
Strong global liquidity and the BJP victory in the general elections were prime reasons which pushed the index to record highs. The index rose 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, as of data collected on 29 October.
So, with the QE almost coming to an end, will the Indian markets correct significantly from here? May be not, say experts.
Yes, volatility cannot be ruled out. But the flow of money will go on and India happens to be in a sweet spot compared to the rest of the emerging market economies, they say.
"It is a given that QE is going to end from the US, but at the same time, ECB is looking to start another round of QE. Bank of Japan will come up with another QE, but the dollar is going to be strong and it is the dollar that determines the liquidity in the world," says Rahul Chadha, Co-CIO of Mirae Asset Global Investments.
"The way we look at it is that countries which do the necessary reforms will get the capital because there is going to be enough capital in the world. Thus, it is not a question of everybody getting free money, which is why we remain more confident about India than other economies like Brazil, Russia, etc," he added.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors, which is a very good thing, when compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital to India.
FIIs have already pumped in USD 14 billion into the domestic equities so far this fiscal and it is all set to increase next year. The total exposure of FIIs in the domestic market is USD 25 billion, with USD 11 billion in the government bonds, said a PTI report.
"There are a lot of positive thoughts around the Indian economy right now, largely thanks to the impressive election victory by Mr. Modi's party," said William Hobbs, VP Research, Economics & Strategy at Barclays.
"If they achieve some of the things that they set to achieve in terms of making the Indian economy less bureaucratic to a certain extent and more efficient, then that could see growth rates rise," he added.
Will US interest rate hike impact markets?
One thing which experts feel will fuel volatility is comments from the US Federal Reserve on interest rate hike, which could probably happen in the second half of calendar year 2015.
Ending a two-day discussion on Wednesday, the US Fed is expected to announce the end of its monthly bond buying program. But experts feel that the first rate hike will be somewhere in the mid next year, which is not going to be as severe as most people expect it to be.
"As of now, India is definitely much better placed than any other economy or any other market in the world. With the way the US economy is expanding gradually and with interest rates remaining low for some time, you might have these bouts of volatility from time to time," said Vibhav Kapoor, Group Chief Investment Officer of IL&FS.
"But a very sustainable sharp correction in the Indian markets is unlikely. Investors need to keep a buy and hold sort of position in the market and hope that over the next 12 to 18 months, you will get very good returns from your portfolio," he added.
Experts feel that India is more prepared than before to face QE tapering and the impact might not be that much. It will only be a sentimental pull back which should be used as buying opportunity by long-term investors.
"As far its impact on emerging markets, in particular India is concerned, as I said, India has made an adjustment since last year," said Dr. Duvvuri Subbarao, Distinguished Visiting Fellow, NUS Business School.
"When QE is reversed, there will be a hiccup, there will be some capital outflow, there will be some adjustment, but that will be nothing compared to the taper tantrums we had last year," he adds. There will be a quick adjustment through a fairly stable equilibrium I believe, added Subbarao.
Overall the market sentiment is extremely positive and given the fact that the domestic macro environment is stable and we are in the earnings upgrade cycle - things should look up.
"The next big trigger for the market could come in from the rate cut, which the market is hoping to happen in the next three to four months' time," said Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan.
"So, overall, there could be a bit of volatility in the short run, but we think that given the strong earnings growth that we are likely to witness, there should be a good upside in this market," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money  can add $30 bn to FX pool: BofA | Don t doubt govt s intent: RamdevBOFA
(BofA-ML has worked with…)
MUMBAI: The ongoing efforts to bring back black money could help in shoring up foreign exchange reserves by a whopping $30 billion to $35 billion, a brokerage report said today.
The government placed a list with the names of 627 Indian account holders in HSBC Bank, Geneva before the Supreme Court today, in a sealed envelope, after the apex court had lashed out at the government yesterday and ordered disclosure of all the names of black money holders abroad.
"The government can add $30 billion to $35 billion to forex reserves , over time, if it is able to unearth some of Indians' black money abroad," Bank of America-Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML) said in a report.
The country's foreign exchange reserves stood at $13.682 billion as of the week ended October 17, according to Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) data.
According to an estimate, Indians' deposits in Swiss bank accounts is in the range of $2 billion to $2 trillion.
BoFA-ML said that it had worked out an estimate of capital flight of about $200 billion, based on a recent research study.
"If even half of this amount is unearthed and taxed at 30 per cent to 35 per cent, this could add three to four months of current import cover to foreign exchange reserves, overtime, when import cover is running low at 8.3 months," the report said.
The report also said the RBI would need to buy $30 billion to $35 billion of US currency to maintain an eight- month import cover by March 2016.
It expects the RBI to hold the Indian rupee at the 58-62 level assuming that the Euro/US dollar remains around current levels.
The report said the government is unlikely to announce a tax amnesty scheme to bring back black money stashed away in Swiss bank accounts.
"In our view, VDIS schemes discriminate against honest tax payers, although they allow the government to raise revenue quickly," the BofA-ML report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WhatsApp: Facebook s $21.8 billion acquisition lost $138 million last year(WhatsApp's audience may…)
By David Gelles
There was never any doubt that Facebook's acquisition of WhatsApp - now valued at $21.8 billion - was about gaining users before profits. And still, a new regulatory filing lays bare the profound unprofitability of the messaging service for which Facebook traded a full tenth of its market value.
WhatsApp reported a meager $10.2 million in revenue last year, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . The money presumably came from charging some users $1 a year to use the mobile application, which lets users share text messages and images, since WhatsApp does not allow advertising.
To generate that revenue, WhatsApp spent heavily across the board. Research and development at the startup, which employed just 55 people at the time it was sold, totaled $77 million, a figure that includes some salaries. General and administrative costs amounted to $18.6 million. In total, WhatsApp spent about $149 million last year, resulting in a net loss of $138 million. That far exceeds the net loss reported in 2012, a relatively modest $55 million.
For this, Facebook offered $4 billion in cash and $12 billion in stock, with the company's founders eligible for an additional $3 billion in restricted stock. But as Facebook's own stock has continued to rise, so has the value of the deal. The final tally came in at $21.8 billion.
Of course, Facebook can afford to spend lavishly. Since announcing its acquisition of WhatsApp, Facebook stock has risen 20 per cent, giving it a market value of $208 billion. Investors appear unfazed by founder Mark Zuckerberg's willingness to make huge bets on money-losing companies, instead trusting Silicon Valley logic over conventional measures of corporate worth.
And acquiring WhatsApp was never about making money for Facebook, at least not yet. Instead, Zuckerberg was enticed by the company's swift accumulation of 450 million users at the time of purchase. "Services in the world that have 1 billion people using them are all incredibly valuable," Zuckerberg said on a conference call at the time of the deal, anticipating further growth.
WhatsApp's audience may indeed be valuable to Zuckerberg. But at this rate, it will take a couple of millennia for the company to make back its purchase price. Using one common measure by which deals are assessed, Facebook may have set a new record of sorts. Based on the data in the new filing, Zuckerberg's company paid about 2,000 times annual revenues for WhatsApp.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tech Mahindra s Q2 revenue jumps 5.2% QoQTech Mahindra's Q2 revenue jumps 5.2% QoQ
ET Bureau Oct 29, 2014, 04.09PM IST
Tags:
enterprises segment
(The company reported revenue…)
MUMBAI: Tech Mahindra reported 5.2% pct jump in second-quarter revenue sequentially, helped by growth in its enterprises segment .
The company reported revenue of $900 million and a net profit of $118 million, up 12.2% sequentially.
The company said its headcount rose to 95309 in the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Only 2-3 eCom cos will survive mkt bloodbath...Ecommerce firms
(Many smaller firms would…)
NEW DELHI: The multi-billion dollar Indian eCommerce industry is set to see consolidation in the next 4-5 years with only 2-3 big players surviving the market "bloodbath", research firm Spire Research and Consulting said.
Many smaller firms would not be able to keep up the momentum and would either shut shop or be acquired by bigger players, the firm added.
"There is going to be a bloodbath in the market. It will all depend upon a company's capacity to bear losses. In the next 4-5 years, we expect only 2-3 big players to be present in the Indian eCommerce market," Spire Research and Consulting Senior Director (Singapore and India) Japnit Singh said here.
However, there is going to be an exception to this trend, he added.
"We expect firms which are serving a particular geography or focussed on particular locations could survive this scenario," Singh said.
Spire Research also released its quarterly white paper, 'India's E-Tailing Industry - Seller's Perspective' 2014.
According to the report, over 54 per cent of businesses reported a growth of more than 20 per cent since going online in revenue sales.
The survey was done across 13 states on 300 retailers through one-on-one, online and telephonic communications.
According to the white paper, businesses in the apparel (82 per cent) and food (80 per cent) sectors seem to have an advantage by going online as compared to consumer electronics (72 per cent).
Moreover, consumer electronics seem to have a lower potential as consumers are more inclined to be involved in the purchasing process.
"There is expected growth from other sectors as well which consist of baby products, books, home decor and jewelry. Spire also forecasts that by 2020, 45 per cent of businesses will see their online share grow to between 20-50 per cent of sales," the white paper said.
On the other hand, businesses were expected to gain sales revenue from traditional/offline channels with sellers following a dual strategy of combining online with offline sales, it added.
The white paper also revealed that e-tailing space will eventually be dominated by a few large capital heavy firms given the need for nationwide logistics infrastructure and a currently limited consumer base.
At the same time, Tier II and III cities are expected to have a faster adoption rate with greater sales margins derived directly from online channels. These channels will follow integrated strategy combining both offline and online sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAT to hear DLF s plea against Sebi order to...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Securities Appellate Tribunal to hear DLF's plea against Sebi order tomorrow
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 04.25PM IST
Tags:
DLF
(While promoters own 74.93…)
MUMBAI: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) will tomorrow hear an appeal against regulator Sebi by realty giant DLF , which has sought an interim relief for redeeming funds locked in mutual funds and other instruments.
Earlier this month, Sebi barred the company and six others, including the company's top executives, from accessing capital market for three years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its IPO over seven years ago.
Following the Sebi's order, the company moved to SAT, which last week sought Sebi's reply on DLF's plea for an interim relief. Sebi has been asked to give its reply by tomorrow.
During the first hearing on October 22, the company sought an interim relief from the Tribunal, while Sebi faced the flak for delay in passing the order and also for the adverse impact suffered by shareholders, who lost over Rs 7,500 crore of their wealth in a single day post the order.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders have about 4 per cent among others.
This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
DLF's initial public offer in 2007 had fetched Rs 9,187 crore -- the biggest IPO in the country at that time.
As the case progresses, the industry experts are of the opinion that the case will have wider ramifications for the entire real estate sector and the regulatory framework applicable to them.
Top executives from real estate sector and capital markets intermediaries have said the case needs to be seen in a different perspective from those pertaining to sectors other than real estate.
At the same time, the role of merchant bankers, legal advisors and others involved in the process of making IPO-related disclosures also needs to be examined, they said.
The case has also brought to limelight 'technicalities' involved in the practice of Sebi giving 'observations' and not 'approval or clearance' for an IPO.
There is a view that regulators need to understand that the business practices tend to be different in real estate sector, from manufacturing or other segments of the economy.
However, others feel that regulations cannot be overlooked to accommodate certain 'prevailing practices' in one particular sector, such as those related to use of 'friendly' entities for purchase of land or development rights in the name of ease of doing business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yoga asanas for long and healthy hairBigg Boss 8
Yoga asanas for long, healthy hair
Every woman wishes for long, healthy and shiny hair. But, the stress of the modern day lifestyle, ageing, unhealthy eating habits and non-existent fitness routine often takes a heavy toll on your health, including your hair. Well, let us tell you how you can relieve your stress, get in shape, and take care of your hair all at once. It is through yoga. Yes, you read it right! Yoga can help you get long and black locks. So, take a look at some yoga poses that are great for your hair.
Recommended Read:
Share 0
Every woman wishes for long, healthy and shiny hair. But, the stress of the modern day lifestyle, ageing, unhealthy eating habits and non-existent fitness routine often takes a heavy toll on your ... more 
Every woman wishes for long, healthy and shiny hair. But, the stress of the modern day lifestyle, ageing, unhealthy eating habits and non-existent fitness routine often takes a heavy toll on your health, including your hair. Well, let us tell you how you can relieve your stress, get in shape, and take care of your hair all at once. It is through yoga. Yes, you read it right! Yoga can help you get long and black locks. So, take a look at some yoga poses that are great for your hair. less 
1 / 30

VW recalls 270 000 cars | Chrysler over 566 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Cars
Volkswagen recalls 270,000 cars in China to fix airbags
AP Oct 29, 2014, 05.28PM IST
Tags:
Audi A4L
(More than 12 million cars…)
BEIJING: Volkswagen and a Chinese partner are recalling 2,70,000 cars in China to repair a software problem that might prevent air bags from activating properly, the government said today.
The recall by FAW-Volkswagen Automotive Co applies to 265,943 Audi A4L cars made in China and 4,692 imported Audi A4 allroad cars, according to the Administration for Quality Inspection, Supervision and Quarantine.
In a collision at some angles the front air bags might fail to open, the agency said.
It did not identify the supplier of the air bags but gave no indication they were linked to Japan's Takata Corp.
More than 12 million cars that use Takata air bags have been recalled because the airbags can explode, possibly injuring drivers and passengers.
Volkswagen and FAW announced another recall two weeks ago of some 570,000 vehicles to repair a possible suspension defect.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cramer: Market is bifurcated
Aamir Khans quirky look is a knock outCelebrity
Aamir Khan’s quirky look is a knock out
Aamir Khan has managed to garner hype yet again with his upcoming film called PK. We must say he is looking really different from the usual. Guess the popping out elfin ears finally has been put to use as the actor plays an alien here. It is quirky and different.
Aamir with his big eyes popping out of the sockets looked every bit an alien. Whole trailer has on him in trailer with a hint of Anushka Sharma and traces of Sushant Singh Rajput.
1 / 10

OPPO R5  world s thinnest smartphone  launched; price tagged at $499E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Aircel-Maxis deal case: Dayanidhi  Kalanithi Maran summoned as accusedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Report on black money will be submitted on time: SIT Chief Justice M BShahPrint
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:09 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 4:58 pm
Investigation against over 600 people accused of stashing money abroad illegally is going on and a report on it will be submitted on time, Chief of Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money Justice M B Shah said on Wednesday.
ALSO READ:  Apex court not to make black money list public; leaves it to SIT
“We have already filed the first report (on black money) in August. Certainly I am hopeful about it (timely submission of second report),” he said.
On a day the Attorney General submitted a list of 627 names having accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, to the apex court, Shah told CNN-IBN that the list was already known to the team.
“Investigation is going on. Without investigation, it is very difficult to say that a person is guilty or that person has done something wrong. A person is required to be heard first,” he said.
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy. “It is not easy because when a department also issues a notice, it takes time. Concerned parties and assessees replies take time,” the SIT chief said.
Shah denied that government’s probe in black money case is an eyewash. “It is not eyewash. Nothing is eyewash. Nothing can be said to be eye wash. On the contrary we got some results also,” he said.

It is easy to work with Amitabh Bachchan: FarhanAkhtarActor Farhan Akhtar, who is currently shooting his upcoming film 'Wazir' with Amitabh Bachchan here, says he was initially anxious to share screen space with the Bollywood megastar.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:07 pm
Actor Farhan Akhtar, who is currently shooting his upcoming film ‘Wazir’ with Amitabh Bachchan here, says he was initially anxious to share screen space with the Bollywood megastar.
Farhan, 40, said the ‘Bhootnath Returns’ star made him comfortable on the sets. “I was anxious to know how the days would be with him (Bachchan). But it’s very easy to work with him. He has a positive personality and keeps the atmosphere easy on the sets. So, the minute you reach on the set and start talking to him, you will feel comfortable automatically.
“It is amazing to work with him. I am still shooting with him as the film is not yet complete. It’s great to work
somebody like him and I am a huge admirer of his work. To get an opportunity to do a film, where we are spending a lot of time, is very exciting for me,” Farhan told PTI.
The actor, who today unveiled a new mobile app ‘Dulux Visualizer’ for the paint company, is currently filming the Bejoy Nambiar’s movie in South Delhi. He has put on weight to portray the character.
“I am playing an ATS cop and for that I felt being too lean will not look right. Whenever I meet them they are slightly tougher. I had to put on seven kgs for the film.  I did power and endurance training and changed my diet to put on weight,” he said.
Farhan met some of his ATS officer friends in Mumbai to prepare for the character. “There are few people in Mumbai who are my friends. I did speak to them for few things like the training they go through before they become an ATS inspector. I also checked the posture and body language,” he added.
Apart from ‘Wazir’, which was earlier titled ‘Do’, Farhan has also wrapped up the shooting of sister Zoya Akhtar directed multi-starrer ‘Dil Dhadkne Do’. This would be the third time the brother-sister duo have worked for a film after ‘Luck By Chance’ and ‘Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara’.
“It was very nice to work with her. This is the third time we are doing a project and it’s self definitive that how much we love to work with each other,” he said.

Lava launches QPAD R704 Android 4.3 Jelly Bean tablet at Rs8 499Lava QPAD R704 runs on a 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon quad core processor with 1GB RAM.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:07 pm
Lava has launched its latest tablet called QPAD R704 at a price of Rs 8499. The tablet sports a 7-inch IPS display and runs on a 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon quad core processor. It supports single SIM 3G voice and video calls, along with 3G data access.
The tablet is also equipped with High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) which provides improved video quality support for higher resolution videos and Snapdragon Audio for 3D surround sound. The R704 also features Qualcomm Interference Cancellation and Equalization (Q-ICE) which provides better network capacity by reducing the noise in the cellular network and enhances the mobile broadband user experience.
It runs on Android Jelly bean 4.3 Android OS and comes with 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32GB. In terms of connectivity, the tablet supports Wi-Fi, 3G connectivity, Bluetooth, EDGE and 2G.
The tablet is powered by a 3,500 mAh battery and Lava claims to deliver up to 300 hours of standby time and 10 hours talk time. It also comes with Qualcomm Quick Charge technology which claims to allow 30% faster charging on the device. The tablet sports a 2MP rear camera and 0.3 MP front camera  for video calling.

Report on black money will be submitted on time: SIT Chief Justice M B ShahPrint
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:09 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 4:58 pm
Investigation against over 600 people accused of stashing money abroad illegally is going on and a report on it will be submitted on time, Chief of Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money Justice M B Shah said on Wednesday.
ALSO READ:  Apex court not to make black money list public; leaves it to SIT
“We have already filed the first report (on black money) in August. Certainly I am hopeful about it (timely submission of second report),” he said.
On a day the Attorney General submitted a list of 627 names having accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, to the apex court, Shah told CNN-IBN that the list was already known to the team.
“Investigation is going on. Without investigation, it is very difficult to say that a person is guilty or that person has done something wrong. A person is required to be heard first,” he said.
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy. “It is not easy because when a department also issues a notice, it takes time. Concerned parties and assessees replies take time,” the SIT chief said.
Shah denied that government’s probe in black money case is an eyewash. “It is not eyewash. Nothing is eyewash. Nothing can be said to be eye wash. On the contrary we got some results also,” he said.

Logitech launches protective case cum keypad for iPad Air 2The Logitech Type+ keyboard for iPad Air 2 has a dedicated row of iOS shortcuts.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 9:05 pm
Logitech has launched its Type+ protective case with an integrated keyboard for the newly launched Apple iPad Air 2. The new Bluetooth keyboard optimises the distance between its keys, and has a dedicated row of iOS shortcuts for speedy navigation.
The Logitech Type+ keyboard also has an automatic On/Off feature. When the iPad is positioned upright, the Logitech Type+ automatically turns on, and when it’s closed, it automatically turns off. In addition, the auto-wake and auto-sleep feature turns the iPad off when you close the case and wakes it when you open the case so your iPad is ready anytime you need it.
It is avilable in Black colour and is expected to be available in India starting December 2014 for a suggested retail price of Rs 6,495.

Jaitley ducks question on making black money list publicNew Delhi, October 28, 2014
Updated: October 28, 2014 20:23 IST
Jaitley ducks question on making black money list public
PTI
PTI Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at a function in New Delhi. The Centre will give the entire list of black money account holders to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, Mr. Jaitley said.
TOPICS
court administration
The list will be given to the Supreme Court in a sealed envelope tomorrow, the Union Finance Minister said.
The Centre will give the entire list of black money account holders to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said emphasising that no one will be protected.
The list will be given to the Supreme Court in a sealed envelope, he said, but did not say if the government was open to making the list public.
“The government shall place the list before the Court because the government has already given (the list) to the Court-constituted Special Investigating Team (on June 27). The government is keen that by whatever procedure in accordance with law we must get to the root of the matter.
“...The government has no difficulty in placing the entire list and the same will be placed before the court tomorrow,” Mr. Jaitley told reporters in New Delhi.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday pulled up the government for seeking a modification of its order on disclosure of names of black money holders abroad. It directed the Centre to place before it names of all such account holders by Wednesday.
Mr. Jaitley said the government was keen to punish all illicit foreign account holders and would do everything to bring back the black money.
“The truth about these names and also these accounts must come out so that penal action can be taken against the people and the money lying there can be brought back to India.
“The government has no difficulty whatsoever with any agency investigating this matter because there is nobody the government wants to protect in this case so that those whose names have come must really be investigated and punished according to law,” he said.
He, however, did not reply to a question on whether the government would make the list public.
Mr. Jaitley said the government is also keen that the procedure followed must be such that the reciprocating countries continue to cooperate with India.

Facebook Q3 revenue rises 59 pct at $3.2 bn; deep losses in WhatsAppE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections turn it into Rs 200 cr filmShah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections turn it into Rs 200 cr film
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 29 2014, 14:53  IST
Oct 29 2014, 14:53  IST
 

Nasa rocket explodes: Here s a look back at catastrophic space flightsAn unmanned commercial supply ship bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff from a launch pad at Wallops Island, Virginia, Tuesday evening, with debris falling in flames over the launch site.
related stories
No injuries were reported following the first catastrophic launch in NASA's commercial spaceflight effort.
A look at past catastrophic events involving rockets used in Nasa's space flights:
WALLOPS ISLAND - FRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 2008
Nasa destroys an unmanned experimental rocket launched from Wallops Island, Virginia, carrying a pair of research satellites after it veers off course.
Officials said the rocket - a prototype made by Alliant Techsystems Inc., or ATK - was destroyed by remote control 27 seconds into the pre-dawn flight.
It was between 11,000 feet (3,352 meters) and 12,000 feet (3,657 meters) high when it exploded. Officials said they do not know why it veered off course. It was destroyed to avoid endangering the public.
COLUMBIA - FEBRUARY 1, 2003
The Columbia shuttle, which had a wing damaged during launch, breaks apart in the Texas skies during re-entry, killing seven astronauts and raining debris over Texas and Louisiana.
Investigators determined its left wing was gashed by fuel-tank foam insulation during liftoff, allowing fiery gases to penetrate the shuttle.
CHALLENGER - JANUARY 28, 1986
The space shuttle Challenger explodes over Cape Canaveral, Florida, just seconds after liftoff. Seven crew members, including beloved Teacher-In-Space Christa McAuliffe, are killed and the manned space program is dealt a nearly mortal blow.
Five months later, the cause was made public: Two of the shuttle's O-rings had failed during launch.
APOLLO 13 - April 13, 1970
Four-fifths of the way to the moon, Apollo 13 is crippled when a tank containing liquid oxygen bursts. The three astronauts on board survive by moving into the lunar module until they are able to fly the main vessel safely back to earth.
APOLLO 1 - JANUARY 27, 1967
A flash fire erupts aboard the Apollo 1 during a routine launch-pad test, killing the three astronauts aboard.
The deaths of Virgil "Gus" Grissom, Ed White and Roger Chaffee forced Nasa to take pause in its space race with the Soviet Union and make design and safety changes that were critical to the agency's later successes.

Shiv Sena carries alliance fight to black money issue  snubs Modi govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

11 500 startups to come up in India by 2020:...Chandrashekhar
(Nasscom chief R Chandrashekhar…)
BANGALORE: As many as 11,500 startups would come up in the country employing over 2,50,000 people by 2020, according to key findings of India Start-up Report 2014 of industry body Nasscom.
Unveiling the findings here today, Nasscom President R Chandrashekhar said 300 VC/PE (venture capital and private equity ) and 225 angel investments deals amounting to over $2 billion had been made in India.
He said over 20 mergers and acquisitions worth $1 billion were done in last three years.
As many as 3,100 startups are present in India which is the third largest base in the world, Chandrashekhar said. Also, 800 plus startups are being set up anually, he told reporters at the eleventh edition of NASSCOM's annual flagship Product Conclave here.
Earlier, the NASSCOM launched its three-day annual flagship Nasscom Product Conclave 2014.
The conclave builds on the fast growing product and startup ecosystem in the country and provides a platform to engage with thought leaders in the product space and discuss issues of common interestm, Chandrashekhar said.
It will also discuss issues of network with startups and partners to create a common framework for the future of the product startup ecosystem in India, he said.
The event will feature 225 plus international and national speakers and showcase of 120 plus product companies Chandrashekhar said.
The Nasscom top Emerge 10 companies will also be showcased on the sidelines of the conclave, Chandrashekhar said. "These success stories are a mixture of burgeoning product innovations and exciting new solutions."
The growth of the software product industry in recent years has signalled a transformation - in India and across the globe.
With increasing numbers of online active users becoming consumers of e-commerce solutions and related marketplaces, Indian startups are building global digital solutions to capitalise on this rapid growth, he said.
Hyper-growth, capital availability and acquisitions are the leading drivers of the growing startup ecosystem in India, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ten Halloween-hued machinesHow close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Autumn brings an avalanche of orange leaves to lawns, and with it an inexorable urge to add pumpkin flavour where it does not necessarily belong (Beer? No.).
Related
The prettiest red car ever?
The preponderance of orange might lead one to believe the colour wends its way into car-purchase decisions, but paint supplier Axalta Coating Systems – formerly related to DuPont – does not even find enough orange on the road to merit its own categorical ranking . Instead, orange falls in an all-sorts classification called “Other”, which accounts for between 1% and 3% of sales globally.
This paucity of orange does not mean, however, that fans of marigolds, Dutch sports teams and traffic cones are not accommodated at the dealership.
Above are just 10 current models available in the bright autumnal hue. Bonus: no pumpkin flavouring was used in their creation.

Nine columns of Indian Army on stand-by ahead of cycloneNilofarPrint
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:13 pm
The Gujarat government has asked nine columns of the Indian Army to remain on stand-by in wake of the approaching cyclone, Nilofar.
Six columns have been kept on stand-by in Kutch which is expected to bear the maximum brunt of the cyclone, while three more are on stand-by in Jamnagar, stated an official release from the state government.
Apart from the Army columns, about 14 rescue and relief teams of the NDRF (National Disaster Response Force) have been positioned in different districts. These teams comprise of over 550 rescuers with boats and other flood rescue equipment.
Four NDRF teams have been positioned in Kutch, two in Surat, one team each has been deployed at Somnath, Gandhidham, Dwarka, Porbandar, Jungadh, Veraval, Rajkot and Vadodara. Randeep Rana, DIG, NDRF is also being sent to coordinate the NDRF operations with State authorities at Gandhinagar.
The state government is also taking the help of ISRO in setting up V-SAT nodes in Bhuj and Dayapar (Lakhpat taluka) in Kutch which will ensure uninterrupted satellite-based communication. The Centre has given 10 new satellite phones to the state government, the release added.
Meanwhile, Gujarat chief secretary Varesh Sinha held a meeting of the State Crisis Management Group to take stock of the preparedness for the cyclone which is expected to hit around Naliya in Kutch on Saturday.

Kerala Congress revolt against GovernorSathasivamCongress leaders are unhappy with Governor P Sathasivam's decision to form a chancellors’ council
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 30, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 2:13 am
Congress in Kerala on Wednesday revolted against Kerala Governor P Sathasivam, finding fault with his recent decision to form a chancellors’ council, among other steps, to streamline the governance of universities in Kerala.
Taking an unusually pro-active role in the operation of universities, Sathasivam, a former chief justice of India, had convened a meeting of all vice-chancellors in the state and openly stated he would review their activities. He urged them to stick to exam time-table and install cameras in exam halls of private self-financing colleges to prevent frauds.
On Wednesday, Congress vice-president M M Hassan said the governor’s move infringed upon the power of the state government. “If things go like this, the governor would convene even the cabinet meeting. There is no legal sanctity for the chancellors council he had formed,’’ said Hassan, a confidant of Chief Minister Oommen Chandy.
It may be noted that Hassan came out against the governor after Chandy refused to comment on the issue during the post-cabinet briefing.
Hassan said governor’s meddling in the day to day affairs of the universities could not be allowed. It was unusual for a governor to convene a meeting of the vice-chancellors, the education minister and senior officials of the higher education department. He has no right to do so. If that is allowed, he would interfere in other issues. Sathasivam’s decision was against the precedents, said Hassan.
Earlier, Congress in Kerala had opposed the appointment of Sathasivam as governor by the BJP Government at the Centre.

Tripura High Court asks for explanation why FIR was not registered in rural schemescamPrint
By: Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:41 pm
The Tripura High Court on Wednesday issued a notice to the state government and called for an explanation on why an FIR was not registered when the then Finance Minister Badal Chowdhury asked one to be registered in May after a Rs 17 crore rural scheme scam was discovered by an internal audit.
The opposition Congress had this Monday filed a PIL asking for a CBI probe into the Bishalgarh RD Block financial scam. The petition was admitted Wednesday, and the HC issued notices to the state government.
Congress spokesperson Dr Ashok Sinha had attached in his petition a note by then Finance Minister Badal Chowdhury directing that an FIR be registered against erring officials on May 19.
The FIR was never registered, and Chowdhury was shifted from Finance to Health a few days later.
The finance portfolio was handed over to Bhanu Lal Saha, who at the time held the Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs and Information and Culture portfolios and is the MLA from Bishalgarh.
When the audit report leaked and the opposition raised a hue and cry over it, the Bishalgarh BDO Subrata Das filed an FIR against 12 officials, including his predecessor Bimal Chakraborty, who at the time had been promoted to Assistant Director of the Information and Culture department.
Chakraborty has since been arrested and named as the prime accused in the scam.
Meanwhile, Audit Department director Lalmuana Rokhum, an IAS officer under whom the audits were carried out, was shifted to the State Institute of Public Administration and Rural Development or SIPARD as Officer on Special Duty.
The Congress then went to the HC with a petition demanding a CBI probe into the matter saying alleging the state police would not be able to conduct an impartial probe.
The next date of hearing has been fixed for November 24.
 

Mumbai 26/11 attack: First hearing under new judgeheldBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:37 pm
The first hearing under the eighth anti-terrorism court judge appointed to conduct the trial of seven Pakistani suspects in the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks took place on Wednesday with three witnesses deposing in the case.
The three witnesses were produced in court in connection with Ajmal Kasab’s statement and another attacker Imran Babar’s identification as a Pakistani citizen.
The prosecution presented the three witnesses — an official of Election Commission of Multan district in Punjab province, a government doctor of a Multan hospital and a section officer of the interior ministry, official sources informed.
“The doctor presented the DNA samples of Shahabuddin, who is said to be the father of Imran Babar, one of the 10 attackers involved in Mumbai carnage in November 2008,” the sources said.
“The Election Commission official submitted the voters’ list of the Multan district, some 350 kilometers from Lahore, in which the names of Shahabuddin and his other family members are enlisted,” they said.
The sources said the section officer of interior ministry informed the court about the transmission of the Ajmal Kasab’s statement.
The witnesses were also cross-examined by the defence lawyers.
This was the first hearing presided by Judge Kausar Abbas Zaidi after his predecessor Judge Attiquer Rehman of Anti-Terrorism Court Rawalpindi, who had been conducting the trial of Mumbai terror accused for a year, was transferred.
Rehman was the seventh Judge to be transferred since the trial began in 2009. No reason was given for his transfer.
The next hearing will take place on November 12. LeT operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, Abdul Wajid, Mazhar Iqbal, Hamad Amin Sadiq, Shahid Jameel Riaz, Jamil Ahmed and Anjum have been charged with planning, financing and executing the attacks in India’s financial capital that killed 166 people in November 2008.

Lenovo launches A7-30 3G voice tablet at Rs9 999The A7-30 3G is Lenovo’s first ever 3G device in the 10,000 price range.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 8:47 am
Chinese technology major Lenovo has launched its A7-30 3G voice calling tablet in India. The A7-30 3G is Lenovo’s first ever 3G device in the 10,000 price range.
Priced at Rs 9999, the A7-30 3G tablet has dual front-facing speakers and Dolby audio enhancement. The device is 10 mm thin and weighs 327 gm. It offers storage with 16 GB in built memory (expandable up to 32 GB).
Specs
1.3 GHz quad-core MTK processor
1GB RAM
Android Jelly Bean OS (upgradable to Android Kitkat)
3500 mAh Battery
2MP rear camera, 0.3MP front camera
Connectivity: Wi-Fi + Voice + 3G

YSR Congress activist held for Facebook post on cyclone HudhudPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 29, 2014 5:29 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 5:31 pm
A YSR Congress activist was on Wednesday arrested for allegedly posting “irresponsible” comments on a social networking site on cyclone Hudhud which hit the North Andhra Pradesh coast earlier this month.
C Rahul Reddy, a final year student of Bachelor of Law course, posted “irresponsible” anti-people comments on Facebook after the natural disaster hit the region, Additional Director General (CID) Dwarka Tirumala Rao said.
Rahul Reddy, who is associated with YSRCP’s student wing and is a resident of Guntur district, posted the comments on his Facebook profile on October 12, Rao added.
Earlier, a complaint was received on October 15 in connection with some comments posted on social networking websites regarding the calamity. S Uday Kumar, a resident of Sainkpuri here, was arrested and remanded in judicial custody on October 18 in connection with the case, the officer said.

Aircel-Maxis case: 2G court summons Maran brothersComments
A special court on Wednesday summoned former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and others in the 2006 Aircel-Maxis deal — as part of the larger 2G spectrum allocation scam case — asking them to appear before it on March 2 next year.
Presiding over the case, special court judge OP Saini said he had gone through the chargesheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and found enough incriminating material to go ahead with the prosecution.
The CBI filed the chargesheet in August, saying they had evidence that Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran, Malaysian businessman T Ananda Krishnan and four others were involved in the dubious deal where Krishnan allegedly paid over Rs. 3,390 crore for 74% equity in cellular services company Aircel. The telecom ministry granted Aircel licences to operate in 14 cash-rich circles.
“I have carefully gone through the copy of the first information report, chargesheet, statements of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case,” the judge said. “I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on the record to proceed against the accused person.”
The CBI in its chargesheet said the former telecom minister used his influence to help Krishnan acquire Aircel by coercing its owner C Sivasankaran to part with his stake. The investigating agency booked all accused under charges of criminal conspiracy and under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Sivasankaran alleged that Maran favoured the Maxis Group in the takeover of his company, saying Maxis in return, made investments through Astro Network in a company owned by the Maran family.
Four companies — Chennai-based Sun Direct TV, UK-based Astro All Asia Networks, Maxis Communications Berhad of Malaysia and the South Asia Entertainment Holdings of Mauritius — have been also named in the CBI chargesheet.

Laurus Labs gets Rs 550 crore investmentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Laurus Labs gets Rs 550 crore investment
M Somasekhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 29:  
Laurus Labs, the Rs 1200 crore manufacturer of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) has raised Rs 550 crore by shedding a minority stake to Bluewater, an affiliate of global private equity firm Warburg Pincus.
It will now join Fidelity Growth Partners India (FGPI) and Boston-based Fidelity Biosciences as investors, who led an earlier round of investment to the tune of around Rs 200 crore in 2012.
The terms of the transaction were not disclosed, nor the percentage of equity by the company. Jefferies acted as the sole financial advisor in this transaction.
Laurus, the Visakhapatnam-based company is a leading manufacturer of APIs for anti-retroviral (ARV), oncology, cardio-vascular, anti-diabetic therapeutic segments. The present funds raised will be deployed to expand the manufacturing units in Visakhapatnam. At present, the company has two units in the Jawaharlal Pharma City and one in the nearby Atchuthapuram. These will be expanded in capacities and will help broaden the product base of the company, Ravi Kumar, Executive Director of the company told Business Line.
Laurus Labs has its research and development laboratories called Aptuit Laurus, a joint venture between Aptuit Inc. US a key technology partner (who invested upto Rs 100 crore in 2007) and Laurus Labs in Hyderabad. 
Satyanarayana Chava, Founder and CEO of Laurus said in addition to securing growth capital, the partnership with Warburg Pincus’ deep domain expertise and global network of relationships will be leveraged to enter new markets and expand customer base.
Niten Malhan, Managing Director and co-head of Warburg Pincus India Pvt Ltd said in a statement, "This investment reflects Warburg Pincus’ core philosophy of partnering with distinctive management teams to create durable businesses of scale with sustainable value".
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

IFPRI assesses nutrition issues at two-day event in DelhiIFPRI assesses nutrition issues at two-day event in Delhi
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 29:  
One-third of India’s women and children under the age of five are underweight and micronutrient deficiencies are common. The country, however, is making progress against hunger as shown by India moving up eight places from last year on the Global Hunger Index (GHI) to rank 55th out of 76 nations.
To explore related aspects of nutrition improvement across various sectors, the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI), whose members co-authored the GHI report, kicked off the two-day ‘Together for Nutrition 2014’ conference here on Wednesday. Attended by more than 200 researchers and government officials, the event, jointly hosted by ‘Transform Nutrition’ (TN) and POSHAN, looks to trigger leadership for nutrition at various geographical levels and to assess cross-sectoral actions.
“India is home to a third of the world’s stunted children. There is significant opportunity for us to help our children reach their full potential not only through direct feeding programmes but also through improved access to toilets and empowerment of their mothers,” said Ramanan Laxminarayan, Vice-President (Research & Policy), Public Health Foundation of India, which is TN’s lead partner in India, in a statement.
MUCH TO BE DONE
India’s improved standing on the GHI index was almost driven by key data being released by the Government, said Purnima Menon, Senior Research Fellow, IFPRI and Co-Director, POSHAN.
“The data relating to the proportion of underweight children was finally released so it’s been a watershed year in a sense. Broadly, the reason for the decline was steady economic growth as a result of which numerous social sector programmes were initiated even if implementation has been shaky between States. More analysis is required though in order to understand why such a decline was registered,” she said to reporters on the sidelines of the event.
Marie Ruel, Director of IFPRI’s Poverty, Health and Nutrition division, said, “The data for India had not been updated so what was being used prior to this report was from 2005. The big change is mainly due to the new data and it’s a 10-year change.”
The 2014 GHI report ranked nations on three equally weighted indicators, among them the proportion of underweight children under the age of five. It mentions that the underweight children data it used for India was provisional, based on a survey conducted by the Ministry of Women and Child Development with UNICEF support in 2013-14. The national underweight estimate was the first in eight years and at 30.7 per cent, was a substantial fall from 43.5 per cent as recorded in 2005-06.
“Despite the improvement, India still ranks below Angola, Namibia, Zimbabwe, Swaziland and Kenya among others. Clearly, there’s still a long way to go,” said Shenggen Fan, Director General, IFPRI.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

e-com firms knock on India Post for last mile connectivitye-com firms knock on India Post for last mile connectivity
K V Kurmanath
The India Post launches same day delivery service in Hyderabad on Wednesday. - Kurmanath
DoP to invest Rs 4,909 crore for technology deployment
Hyderabad, Oct. 29:  
As online retail has come of age in the country, e-commerce firms have begun to knock on the India Post doors for quick delivery of parcels. Though they have been using its services for some time in a small way, the Diwali sale saw a huge shift, with “almost all e-com firms” used our network to deliver the voluminous orders they got.
Seeing the spurt in demand, India Post has launched the Same Day parcel delivery service here on Wednesday and promises to expand the service to other cities and ‘next day delivery’ service to customers in the hinterland.
The company has earmarked about Rs 4,909 crore to deploy technologies in the next three years in order to digitise the services. “This is India Post 2.0. We are going to introduce technology in a big way in order to get connected with the corporates and the digital generation,” John Samuel, Member of Postal Services Board (Department of Posts), told Business Line here on Wednesday.
Waking up to the needs of this new retail players, the Department of Posts would further spread the same day parcel service to other parts as well. “You are used to see our postmen come to your places in the day time. As we launch the new service, you will see them coming in vans during 5 p.m.-9 p.m. in order to deliver the parcels,” he said.
“We are going to launch digital post offices that let you book the parcels and Speed Post consignments much easier. You can use smart phones to complete some tasks, reducing human intervention,” he said.
Samuel, who was here to formally launch the Same Day parcel delivery service, said the service would initially be available in a few post offices and would be expanded to other areas. In a later stage, vans would ply to other parts of the State too to offer ‘next day’ delivery service.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Delta Faucet enters VijayawadaLaunches showroom Celes’tile as part of expansion plan
Hyderabad, Oct. 29:  
Vijayawada, the capital-designate of Andhra Pradesh has attracted a global major in bathroom and kitchen fittings —Delta Faucet, which set up its first outlet.
America’s faucet innovation leader, today launched Celes’tile, the showroom which houses an array of faucets and showering products for the bathroom and kitchen space.
"Andhra Pradesh is an important part of our expansion plan in India" said Ravi Nindwani, Managing Director, Delta Faucet Company India Pvt. Ltd, at the opening function.
The showroom provides an interactive environment where homeowners, architects and designers can see and experience fully-functioning faucets and showers from the Delta and Brizo brands. Multiple display zones showcase full bathroom solutions while the live showering and faucet units help customers experience the products and technologies, a press release stated.
Delta Faucet is headquartered at Indianapolis, US. Delta is a part of Masco Corporation, one of the world's leading manufacturers of home improvement and building products. It entered the fast growing Indian bathroom and kitchen fittings sector in October 2012.
Celestile Vijayawada is a 12,000 sq ft, Home and Bath Boutique built to international standards. It will house Loomcrafts outdoor furniture and Sestone sanitary also, said its Managing Director D Rajagopal Reddy. Celes’tile has show-rooms all over the country including Hyderabad, Bangalore, Delhi, and Gurgaon, and Vijayawada boutique is the eighth one in its stable.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Scottish  Indian varsities partner for R&D  innovationScottish, Indian varsities partner for R&D, innovation
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
Scottish Development International said here on Wednesday that Scottish and Indian Universities have signed strategic agreements for research in life sciences and marine biotechnology.
Agreements were signed between University of Dundee and Bangalore Bio Cluster and Scottish Association for Marine Science with Annamalai University and AMET University, respectively, for research in Life Sciences and Marine Biotechnology, a release of Scottish Development International said.
University of Dundee has signed an MoU with Bangalore Bio Cluster to create a joint Drug Discovery Centre to tackle antimicrobial resistance.
Currently, there is an active programme of scientific collaboration between University of Dundee and Bangalore Bio Cluster.
The Drug Discovery Centre will focus on effective prevention and treatment of the increasing range of infections caused by bacteria, parasites, viruses and fungi, hospital-acquired infections and in major diseases like tuberculosis and malaria, it said.
“We are proud to be partnering with the Bangalore Bio Cluster in antimicrobial drug discovery. We look forward to applying our combined expertise to one of the most important of medical dilemmas - antimicrobial resistance,” Mike Ferguson, Regius Professor of Life Sciences at the University of Dundee, said.
Recently, the Scottish Association for Marine Science (SAMS) also has inked an MoU with Annamalai University and AMET University to cooperate more closely in education and research. With AMET University, the focus of collaboration will lie in marine biotechnology and microbiology.
“We have already begun the exchange of information and knowledge, and funding is now being sought to support faculty and student exchanges, to develop long-lasting relationships for the future,” Joanne Allday, Marketing Manager, Education at SAMS, said.
Scottish Development International is a joint venture between Scottish Government and its economic development agencies, Scottish Enterprise and Highlands and Islands Enterprise.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Canara Bank ties up with Origo Commodities for agri loansCanara Bank ties up with Origo Commodities for agri loans
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 29:  
Public sector lender Canara Bank entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with Origo Commodities, a post-harvest management services company, to support farmers with warehouse receipt financing across the country.
Warehouse receipt financing is a tool that enables farmers to avail financing and avoid “Distress Sale” of their produce. The MoU between Canara Bank and Origo Commodities will focus across multiple states including Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra among others,” company said in a statement. Origo Commodities has presence across 15 states.
S Ramesh, General Manager, Canara Bank said, “Given the importance of Produce Loan Financing, this MoU will go a long way in helping the farmer clientele of Canara Bank. The MoU will be win-win situation for all the parties, and allow farmers to take benefit of the produce loan scheme to improve yields and better their living standards.”
The partnership is cumulatively targeting more than Rs 1,000-crore business under Warehouse Receipt Financing in the coming season.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

IL&FS Engineering bags W Bengal State Electricity contractHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
IL&FS Engineering bags W Bengal State Electricity contract
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct.29:  
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Co Ltd said it has bagged a contract from West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd for construction of Rural Electrification Infrastructure in 24 Parganas (N) district under Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana XII Plan.
The contract worth Rs 196 crore is to be completed in 24 months.
IL&FS Engineering Services is presently executing such Electrification Power Projects for WBSEDCL (Package-12, 13, and 14) in 24- Paraganas (South) under Backward Region Grant Fund Scheme (BRGF).
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

CII-Aditya Birla Jan Seva training project offers 500 jobsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
CII-Aditya Birla Jan Seva training project offers 500 jobs
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 29:  
CII-Aditya Birla Jan Seva Trust training project assures to offer 500 jobs out 720 BPL youth, mostly women, who had joined training programmes under Project Kaushalya.
The training programme was in trades such as retail, BPO, beautician and electrical, at Rishra in Hooghly and Barasat in North 24 Parganas. CII in association with Aditya Birla Jan Seva Trust has set up two multi-training centres in these places.
“This is a CSR initiative taken by Jaya Shree Textiles. We sincerely hope that the skills centres will benefit many belonging to the marginalised section of society and also create a positive brand image for our organisation,” said S Krishnamoorthy, CEO, domestic textiles business.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Banks face serious NPAs scenario  says SIB chief‘NPAs are a growing challenge to banks’
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, October 29:  
The size of non performing assets has turned out to be a serious problem for the country’s banking sector, according to V.G. Mathew, Managing Director and CEO, South Indian Bank.
Earlier banks were lending towards working capital needs. However their transformation as project lenders has been instrumental in the worsening NPA situation, he said.
He was speaking at a felicitation function organised jointly by State Forum of Bankers’ Clubs (Kerala) and Bankers’ Club Greater Kochi here.
Declining credit solution process is a major challenge for banks, he pointed out. Merchant bankers are keen to expedite the process of lending. But there is a need to concentrate on the credit risk.
According to Mathew, banks were able to deal with the legacy NPA’s of 1995-96 by 2004-05. It may be possible to overcome the present crisis as well in the near future. The government and the RBI are taking steps towards this end, he said adding that the present situation is similar to that of 1995-96. 
Corporation Bank Zonal Manager A.M.M.G. Nair, who has been promoted as the General Manager was also felicitated at the function. State Forum of Bankers’ Clubs President Abraham Thariyan presided.
Forum General Secretary K.U. Balakrishnan, Bankers’ Club Greater Kochi President Vasu, Punjab National Bank  Dy. General Manager K. A. Ravishankar, SBI Chief General Manager (retd) P. Venugopal and Axis Bank Circle Head E. Govindankutty also spoke.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Report on black money will be submitted on time: Justice M BShahPrint
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:09 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 4:58 pm
Investigation against over 600 people accused of stashing money abroad illegally is going on and a report on it will be submitted on time, Chief of Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money Justice M B Shah said on Wednesday.
ALSO READ:  Apex court not to make black money list public; leaves it to SIT
“We have already filed the first report (on black money) in August. Certainly I am hopeful about it (timely submission of second report),” he said.
On a day the Attorney General submitted a list of 627 names having accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, to the apex court, Shah told CNN-IBN that the list was already known to the team.
“Investigation is going on. Without investigation, it is very difficult to say that a person is guilty or that person has done something wrong. A person is required to be heard first,” he said.
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy. “It is not easy because when a department also issues a notice, it takes time. Concerned parties and assessees replies take time,” the SIT chief said.
Shah denied that government’s probe in black money case is an eyewash. “It is not eyewash. Nothing is eyewash. Nothing can be said to be eye wash. On the contrary we got some results also,” he said.

Facebook spending gets thumbs up from analystsFacebook spending gets thumbs up from analysts, investors disappointed
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 06.33PM IST
Facebook spent billions of dollars to buy fast-growing companies such as WhatsApp, Instagram & Oculus to boost its reach, especially among the young.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Another day, another quarterly report from a technology company that disappointed investors.
Facebook Inc's shares were set to open about 6 percent lower on Wednesday, a day after the company revealed aggressive spending plans for 2015.
But analysts were taking a more upbeat view, saying the heavy spending will drive long-term growth and reinforce the social networking giant's market dominance.
No brokerages cut their recommendation on the company following the release of its third-quarter results, and several said the price decline represented a buying opportunity.
At least 12 brokerages cut their price targets on the stock, by as much as $8 to as low as $78, mainly to reflect the company's expense and revenue outlook.
Facebook's shares closed at $80.77 on Tuesday.
"FB delivered another strong quarter and is very well-positioned in an increasingly mobile and social internet landscape, and to be clear, FB is investing into strength and future growth opportunities," JP Morgan Securities analysts said in a research note.
The brokerage rates Facebook "overweight", with a price target of $85, down from $90.
Of 44 analysts covering the stock, 15 rate it a "strong buy," 22 a "buy" and seven a "hold." Nobody rates the stock a "sell", according to Thomson Reuters data.
The drop in Facebook's share price follows a now-familiar script this corporate reporting season.
Shares of Amazon.com Inc , eBay Inc, Google Inc and Netflix Inc also fell after the companies failed to live up to investor expectations.
In most cases, their shares have recovered.
"We have already seen relatively rapid share price recoveries post Q3 EPS corrections - AMZN up 4 percent, EBAY and GOOGL up 7 percent, NFLX up 16 percent - so this market is buying beaten-down Net stocks," RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney , who has an "outperform" rating on the stock, wrote in a note.
Facebook, which reported stronger-than-expected quarterly revenue, projected a 55-75 percent increase in spending in 2015 for investments that will eat into its near-term profit.
The company's costs and expenses rose 32 percent in the first nine months of the year.
"Comparable investment of the scale that Facebook is contemplating can only be achieved by them or by Google... We see further investment reinforcing their relative dominance in digital advertising for years to come," Pivotal Research analysts said in a report, maintaining a "buy" rating.
Facebook has spent billions of dollars to buy fast-growing companies such as WhatsApp , Instagram and Oculus as it tries to boost its reach, especially among the young.
Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster , who has an "overweight" call on the stock, said that while spending would hurt earnings in the short term, Facebook's broad product portfolio would start to benefit the business over the next six to eight quarters.
Up to Tuesday's close, Facebook's shares had risen almost 50 percent since the start of the year.
"While the shares aren't exactly 'for sale' we are buyers of this dip," RBC's Mahaney said.

Short dreams in reelsUpdated: October 29, 2014 19:16 IST
Short dreams in reels
The Hindu Rajendra Vinod. Photo: Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
cinema
This filmmaker dreams of heading to Bollywood or Hollywood to make full-length feature films
Rajendra Vinod hails from Hindupur, in Andhra. “I come from a very small town, but my dreams are big,” he says. His desire is to narrate short stories.
This young man, in his mid 20s, has today become a competent short filmmaker. He uses his resources – time, money and talent, to make films using two to 10 minutes to tell a story. But, where does he screen them? “I send them to various short film festivals and after that they can be viewed on YouTube,” he says.
Vinod describes himself as “very reserved. My socialising skills were also bad. I was not always like this. I was very close to my sister, who was married off at the age of 13. I was 11 then. I became lonely and to get away from the pain of her absence, I put myself in a world of fantasy and the characters would almost come alive. It is those childhood imaginations that have helped me make these films,” recalls the filmmaker. Soon, he and his friends got together to start Aarvi Films, a production house, which was awarded the Best Emerging Production House by Bangalore Short Films Festival 2014.
Some of his films include As Far As, Fear, Over Reaction, Exam all of which do not have dialogues. Till date he has spent “one lakh for nine short films. Yes, my films are all low budgeted. I like sending them to festivals because I get to meet and see the works of other filmmakers there.”
He is currently studying M.Sc. in multimedia in Bangalore and has been making films for a year. Vinod has won seven international awards and one regional award for his films. Now he dreams of making his debut in Hollywood or Bollywood.
“My aim is to make a film from any corner of this planet,” he says. Will he sustain in Bollywood, where even three hours is not enough to tell a story?
Vinod insists that though a lot can be communicated in a couple of minutes, his dream is to get into making full-fledged films that “make a difference to the audience’s thinking. I like to make films like Gandhi, The Ship Of Theseus and Life of Pi. They are offbeat and entertaining and yet have a message. I do not want to change anything in the film world, but I will tread the path that I am comfortable with it. Even in a world where sex and porn sells, there will always be a set of good films,” he says.
His films can be viewed on: www.facebook.com/ aarvifilms

JSW PSA Challenger: Harinder Pal Sandhu makes short work of Karim Ali FathiWINNING TWOSOME: Harinder Pal Sandhu and Dipika Pallikal pose with their trophies in Chennai on Wednesday. Photo: V. Ganesan
TOPICS
squash
Deepika brushes aside Misaki Kobayashi’s challenge
Harinder Pal Sandhu and Dipika Pallikal emerged winners in the fourth and final leg of the JSW-PSA men’s Challenger and the JSW-WSA women’s event respectively at the ISA courts, here on Wednesday.
While Sandhu trumped top seed Karim Ali Fathi 11-8, 11-3, 11-6 in 42 minutes in the men’s final, Dipika brushed aside Misaki Kobayashi’s challenge to win 11-6, 11-2, 11-8 in the women’s summit clash.
It was Sandhu’s third win in the Challenger circuit this year following victorious campaigns in Jaipur and Mumbai. Dipika notched up her second title on the trot after winning in Mumbai.
The men’s final, for all the expectations of a closely-fought contest, didn’t exactly chart that route. Fathi and Sandhu played a conservative first game before the Indian ran away with the lead.
Sandhu’s skill and smartness were on display throughout as he alternated between kills and deft drops. On a couple of occasions, the second seed’s trickle boasts had the 21-year-old Egyptian lunging forward in vain. At 10-6, it seemed all too easy, but a brace of strokes awarded to Fathi could have possibly altered the equation.
However, Sandhu closed out the game with ease. The 25-year-old from Mohali carried that momentum on to the next game and unleashed an assertive brand of squash that put paid to Fathi’s plans.
The latter, though, appeared to rediscover his mojo in the third game, and matched Sandhu point for point. It was, however, inadequate as once again Sandhu hit the top gear when it was most needed, and sealed the contest.
Sandhu later said he was pleased to reap the rewards for his hard-work.
Earlier, in the women’s final, Dipika systematically unhinged her Japanese opponent in 35 minutes. While there was at least a semblance of resistance from Kobayashi in the first game, the second saw her making some unforced errors and lose the plot completely.
It was in the third game that Dipika was made to work for her points. The top seed did suffer a minor concentration-lapse, making a few unforced errors. At 8-8, Kobayashi must have sniffed an opportunity, but Dipika quickly recovered to put the match beyond her reach.
The Indian later said she was happy with her showing. “I think I played really well and didn’t give her any opportunities. It’s a nice opportunity to compete at home and gain some match-play. I will be playing at Monte Carlo next,” said the 23-year-old Dipika.
The results: Final: Men: Harinder Pal Sandhu bt Karim Ali Fathi (Egypt) 11-8, 11-3, 11-6.
Women: Dipika Pallikal bt Misaki Kobayashi (Jpn) 11-6, 11-2, 11-8.

Ten topics to avoid in AsiaTouchy topics to avoid in Asia
John Krich
Read more about these links.
(Thinkstock)
Discretion is the better part of valour, or so Shakespeare wrote long before the first business traveller stumbled up against the Chinese preoccupation with
“saving face.” In Asia, discretion is the better part of a way of life.
The same blunt speaking that works in the West can lead to roadblocks in the East. Getting things “off one’s chest” may enhance team building in New York or Newcastle but upset harmony in Nanjing. “Free speech” as defined at Hyde Park corner can be construed as foul speech in a Beijing boardroom.
Related
Want success here? Don’t brag
There are always sensitive topics — political, religious, cultural — best left unexplored when foreigners want to make the best impression. Yet defining those topics can be challenging. Most Asian nations are far less homogenous than they may appear, with a mix of competing ethnicities and religions.
But take heart, serial foot-in-mouthers and frequent “faux pas” flyers. Here are the top ten commandments, some country-specific, some general, for how to muffle and ultimately muzzle those no-nos of chitchat that can derail East-West deals.
1) Thou shalt not let things get critical.
If you have something negative to say about the work of a new Asian colleague, always couch it in the positive. “In Japan I saw an American’s key relationship with a government official deteriorate because he publically told the fellow, ‘You don’t know what you’re talking about.’,” said Mark Michelson, chairman of the Asia CEO Forum in Hong Kong. “In any culture, you don’t want to embarrass anybody; it’s better to be constructive. But in Asia, raising your voice or pointing a finger can be especially disadvantageous.”
2) Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord in vain (especially when it is not your Lord).
In other words, do not criticise another’s god.  “In India, there are three opinions about religion: strong, stronger and strongest,” said food critic Marryam Reshi.
In some Muslim regions, such as parts of Malaysia, some religious authorities say dogs are unclean and contact can be sinful . The sponsor of a recent initiative for Muslim Malays to “touch a dog” was greeted with death threats .
3) Thou shalt not press hot buttons.
No matter how youthful the translator, or how hip-looking the chief executive officer in China, “remarks about the three “t’s” — that’s Tibet, Taiwan and Tiananmen — will be construed as foreign interference,” said Mike Chinoy, a senior fellow at the US-China Institute. In addition, “don’t praise Japan in Korea or praise China in Japan,” wrote Micha Peled, the director of China Blue and other documentaries, in an email. “In the Philippines, don’t joke about the food or the Pope.” For South Korea, “mention of North Korea is not advised either,” e-mailed Nicholas Tse, general manager of the Seoul JW Marriott.
4) Thou shalt be politic about policies.
“It’s probably best not to mention the laws about caning in Singapore,” said Mitchell Farkas, head of China-based production company FarFilms. "An American once remarked against the Bumiputra (Malay)  allocations enshrined in the Malaysian Constitution, forgetting the Native American reservation system is similar,” recalled  A Najib Ariffin, director of Kuala Lumpur’s Nusantara Academy of Development, Geocultures and Ethnolinguistics. “This upset the hosts, who responded by simply retreating from any business with him.” Another hint e-mailed by filmmaker Micha Peled, “In India, don’t tell people the caste system is backward or ask why they don’t make peace with Pakistan already.”
5) Thou shalt not be irreverant.
In Thailand, never make comments that could be construed as negative about the current king , Bhumibol Adulyadej, or former royalty . Show respect at all times. “If you are prompted, just say he is a great man,” said Peter Muennig, an associate professor at the Mailman School of Public Health at New York’s Columbia University. Even before a royalist military coup, laws banning lese majeste were seriously imposed. Anything perceived as an insult may offend your hosts, and could put you in Thai prison.
Women wear hats with pictures of Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej. (Chumsak Kanoknan/Getty)
6) Thou shalt not ‘appear’ insensitive.
Ideas of proper looks and colleagues’ best features may vary greatly. “Never remark about a Japanese businessman’s hair,” warned anthropologist Meyumi Ono. “No jokes about baldness, toupees or thinning hair combed forward — what the Japanese call a ‘barcode.’ Also don’t bring up how people smell.”
7) Thou shalt not presume when making compliments.
The most annoying thing for Marriott’s Tse, who has Chinese heritage but was raised in the United Kingdom, is when people say, “‘You speak such good English!’.” After all, the Asian across the table may have been born in the US or UK, or extensively educated there. “Condescension is a big problem,” said Michelson of Asia CEO Forum. “People should try not to generalise about ’them’ when talking with Asians.”
Don't take the last steamed dumpling. (Thinkstock)
8) Thou shalt mind your manners.
Flattering words in a toast can be undone because of poor form. “Make sure when clinking glasses, that you keep yours lower than your superior,” reminded anthropologist Ono.  This is true in China, in particular. It is also important to “never refuse a delicacy offered,” Ono added.
Yet show some restraint when it comes to certain food choices, said US-China Institute’s Chinoy, who has had much banqueting experience. “Don’t be the one to take those last few dumplings off the plate — your hosts will curse you for having to order more.” Don’t leave chopsticks sticking upwards in rice. In Korea and elsewhere, that looks like incense burned for the dead. But loudly slurping soup, points out Michelson “is viewed as a compliment.”
9) Thou shalt not take “yes” for an answer.
In the end, the biggest problem may be less what you’ve said than what your Asian partners have left unclear. “I heard of an executive who ultimately lost his job because he thought a Korean company had said ‘yes’ to selling a 51% share — when the ‘yes’ only meant they understood the issue.” said Chinoy, “In China, a quick “no” usually means they want you to offer more, either officially or unofficially.” But in Japan, Thailand and most Asian lands ‘no’ is a word never uttered. Instead, delays and excuses are considered more polite. Sometimes the problem can be just getting an answer. “In Thailand, secretaries and assistants feel it’s their job to always ‘protect’ bosses,” said Briton Ian Semp, brand director of Bangkok’s Pacific Beer & Beverage Co. “I’ve been told — even when I can see them at their desk — that they aren’t in the office.”
10) Better yet, thou shalt hit the mute.
In Hong Kong, where loud mobile phone conversations are the norm, the main problem may be shouting your phone conversation over others. But in Japan, “any conversation on a mobile is considered a rude invasion of the public space,” said Ono. As in business conversations, silence is often preferable. “Westerners always think they have to fill that awkward pause,” Michelson said. “But ultimately, things left unsaid have more value than what’s said.”
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Comfortable with valuation of Asia Ex-Japan: Sakthi SivaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Comfortable with valuation of Asia Ex-Japan: Sakthi Siva
Sakthi Siva of Credit Suisse believes that while the correction in MSCI Asia Ex Japan this time from the highs of 4 September to the lows on 16 October was 9.5 percent versus corrections of 28 percent at the end of QE2 and 14 percent at the end of QE1, valuations currently are already below those seen at the QE1 and QE2 lows.
Post your opinion here

Accumulate Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 648: Kotak SecLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate Kajaria Ceramics; target of Rs 648: Kotak Sec
Kotak Securities is bullish on Kajaria Ceramics and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 648 in its October 28, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Kotak Securities research report on Kajaria Ceramics
“Kajaria Ceramics, revenues for Q2FY15 were in line with our estimates and were led by improvement in volumes and realization. Operating margins, though improved on yearly basis but were down sequentially due to higher raw material cost as well as other expenditure. Net profit performance was thus boosted by improvement in revenues but came slightly lower than our estimates. We continue to remain positive on the company on account of expected increase in volumes going forward. We believe that stock will continue to trade at higher valuations on account of excellent earnings visibility on volume expansion and margin improvement coupled with demand revival. We maintain our estimates and value the company at 23x P/ E with a price target of Rs 648 on FY16 estimates. However due to limited upside from the current levels, we maintain ACCUMULATE on the stock and would advise investors to buy the stock on declines,” says Kotak Securities research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Accumulate JSW Steel; target of Rs 1678: Motilal OswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate JSW Steel; target of Rs 1678: Motilal Oswal
Motilal Oswal is bullish on JSW Steel and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 1678 in its October 21, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Motilal Oswal`s research report on JSW Steel
“JSTL posted a good set of numbers, driven by operating efficiencies and higher volumes. Consolidated pre-tax profit before exceptional items grew 10% QoQ (and 35% YoY), in line with our estimate. Growth was driven by lower coking coal cost, efficiency gains from higher coke oven and pellet utilization, offset partly by lower net blended realization (-2% QoQ). Consolidated EBITDA grew 8% QoQ to INR28.1b, helped by better performance at subsidiaries."
"While sales growth (4% QoQ) was below our estimate on lower-than-expected realization, EBITDA was ahead (up 6% QoQ to INR26.2b) on higher efficiency gains. The coke oven plant operated at 73% utilization while the pellet plant operated at 65% utilization. Standalone sales volume grew 7% QoQ along with improvement in value add mix to 33% (from 29% in 1Q). Auto sales grew 13% QoQ.EBITDA for subsidiary businesses grew 28% QoQ, driven by improved profitability at Coated Products (despite lower realization) and Amba River Coke. It took an investment write-off of INR1.9b – INR1.6b for its investment in US plate mill and INR0.3b for advances relating to de-allocation of coal blocks. Auction of category-C iron ore mines in Karnataka is expected before March 31."
"We believe JSTL is well positioned, with market leadership in flat products, timely investment in value addition, and operating efficiencies. It is the strongest contender for closed category-C iron ore mines in Karnataka, whenever they come for sale. The stock trades at an undemanding EV of 6.1x FY16E EBITDA. Maintain Buy,” says Motilal Oswal research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Do you expect the Fed to announce the end of Quantitative Easing todayCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell bellow 1740 tgt 1690-1640 sl 1780Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

You are absolutely correct roshan1966  when the stock was trading a fe...Gold Member
39 Followers
I am sure you do your own research before investing..It was a good story once and now dead with debt issues, revenue issue and so is loss qtr after qtr.But reality is reality ..thats is why it suddenly came from high level to penny in very short time...But do not follow any one advice to invest in stock and invest with your extra money and accept what is the result..but just to give  you a boost I am holding more than 50000 shares in current price of JHS and have believe in it in long term..Disclosure I could have earned more had I invested in any other share due to Modi wave and marco is getting stabilised.
8.44 PM Oct 29th

Thats yesterday`s figures..Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fine dining restaurants have many inefficiencies: Sanjeev KapoorAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: October 16, 2014  | 11:37 IST
Sanjeev Kapoor
When celebrity chef, Sanjeev Kapoor, opened his first restaurant (Yellow Chilli) in Ludhiana, in 1999, he offered all his signature dishes at less than half the price of what a consumer would have paid in a five star hotel. Kapoor was clear that he would not operate as a high-end luxury restaurateur. He had realised that the market was in the value segment (between the Rs 500 - Rs 700 per person price point) and it is this segment that would help him build a robust business model.
In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Kapoor talks about the inefficiencies that exist in luxury restaurants and why the value segment makes better business sense. Excerpts:
Q- You are known to be a high-end luxury chef, what made you foray into the value format?
A- Value is something that is expected by Indians in all categories even in super fine dining, fine dining and casual dining. The reason why casual dining has survived is because the social need to eat out has gone up. So, that has in some sense helped this category not stagnate. Out of home consumption has gone up, earlier one could meet people even in parks, at home, but that has virtually stopped. Now, if anybody says let's meet, it's assumed that we are saying let's meet at a restaurant. Even if it is let's meet at home, invariably it will be a restaurant food that will walk in.
When we launched our first restaurant in Ludhiana, I was a chef in a five star hotel. Everyone then asked me why I was getting into value dining, as a brand I should be in fine dine. My logic at that time was more driven by the fact that I knew the inefficiencies of that business which were being paid by the consumers. I wanted to do a model where the inefficiencies are removed so that people get the same food at half the price. You are not using cheaper chicken or paneer and it is not frozen food; you are offering the same stuff but less than half the price. The only thing that is different is positioning, may be the profile of the people who come in will be slightly different, you may be alienating some people who may not want to be seen in a cheaper place. But I was clear that this is the market where India should be.
Q- When you say inefficiencies, what really are the inefficiencies?
A- Multiple. When you stay in a hotel, you may not use the pool or the spa, but you are still paying for it. For instance, when you book a party in a hotel, hotels do a rate, where they would throw in a beer or a glass of wine. Since I never drank, I used to ask them what about people like me, I feel cheated. I would tell them that we should do a rate for vegetarian and non-vegetarians even in coffee shops. People used to tell me that it will not work in hotels. Consumers may not talk about it, but if you are becoming relevant to somebody, you will have more respect. When I say inefficiencies, it also includes how you peel a potato or how insensitive are you to the area in the kitchen that you are using, how sensitive are you to the electricity that you are using, it is a direct conversion of the share of wallet that a diner is willing to pay. If you don't get into the last digit or last decimal then there is some inefficiency which is there, which sooner or later people would find out.
Luxury and super luxury are fantastic for celebrations and that market will always be there. Earlier, the frequency to eat out was much lower, it has gone up now. Consumers are spending more often, so they want to have reasonably priced places, because if you are consuming something more you look at budgets. They don't want to pay for somebody else's inefficiency.
When we buy clothes we may not understand the mark-ups, but when we are buying food, we immediately understand what is the cost of conversion and what is the right price we should pay. So, in such a scenario you always have to make it very efficient. Any inefficiency that is there, consumer will resist it. If we know that, then stick to a market which is neither bottom do the pyramid nor top of the pyramid, it is the mid-segment.
It is not that challenges are not there in the value segment, challenges are there everywhere. I was having a chat with our corporate chef three days ago on our new menu, and I told them that we need to come out with smart options in terms of the ingredients we use and yet give people what they want. At times we use expensive ingredients when they may not be needed. For example, I told them there is no need to add cashew nuts in samosas. It doesn't add value. Similarly in terms of gravies, they can be made lighter, one can use seasonal ingredients, offer seasonal menus so that the price is cheaper. It's also nicer and better.
When you are running a top end restaurant, there are certain perceptions you need to create, or there are certain perceptions people are comfortable with. A casual dining restaurant also has air-conditioning, there is good food, offers good service, what may be missing are the table cloths, but gone are the days of table cloths.
I was in Dubai recently and I had a meeting in a five-star hotel lobby where we ordered tea. My instructions were we want English breakfast tea, extra hot, with hot milk on the side, with a pre-heated cup. People in a five-star don't give you a decent cup of hot tea. In a hotel, food from the kitchen goes to the side board where the waiter will take the service gear from the side-board and then go and serve. Finally, when it reaches the guest, its already cold. You are thinking you have added some value, what have you done? I have this constant issue about the food going to the side board. Why can't it come to me directly? When you go for breakfast to a five star hotel and ask for juice, they will invariably offer you juice which they have squeezed two hours ago. You have to tell them I want freshly squeezed juice. These are the mindsets which makes cost of execution very high for the high end hotels.
      
Q- You also have your chain of high-end signature restaurants. What is the logic behind setting them up when there are so many inefficiencies in a fine dining restaurant?
A- We have one in Dubai, in a hotel. Here, we have adopted the franchise route. We are opening one in Abu Dhabi shortly. When it comes to fine-dining, we are mostly looking at having them in five-star hotels , only because hotels can afford them. But the focus is on how to make them efficient, despite being part of a hotel. How do we make sure that the outlet is profitable? We got an invitation to set up another Signature by a hotel chain in the same market, but we felt that having more supply would impact profitability. When you look at luxury brands like Hermes, their Berkin bag is never available. They will charge lakhs for one bag. Can they not produce more bags, of course they can. But the only way to keep it profitable and keep up the demand is to follow the rules of economics, which is control supply. If your supply is controlled and the demand is more than supply, it will be profitable.
Q- So, your fine-dining formats would be restricted only to the global markets. In India, it will value all the way through?
A- Fine-dining is something that I have done all my life as a five-star hotel chef. For me the challenge was to play in the value segment.

Top 5 airlines that offer gourmet foodJimmy Jacob        Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Today, the bland sandwich is history. say hello to gourmet dinners, bone china plates and crystal wine glasses
Strapped to an airline seat 35,000 feet above the ground, you hear a low grumble. Your tummy's clearly disgruntled that it hasn't been fed in the last four hours. You gesture to the flight attendant, and she wafts over to your side with a smile. "I would like something to eat, please. What do you have on the menu?" "Right now, that would be a chicken-jalapeno sandwich. Sir." "Umm... could I have something without chicken, please?" "That will be a chicken-jalapeno sandwich, minus chicken. Sir." You shrug your shoulders helplessly, and ask for the sandwich anyway. A bite later, you grimace and wish you hadn't.
Now, as much as you would like to blame the airline staffers for making a tasteless sandwich (the utter lack of options notwithstanding), it would only be fair to note that foods simply have a tendency to appear non-appetising when ingested thousands of feet above ground level. Why, you ask? Well, modern aircraft can climb to altitudes of 35,000 feet, but the pressurised cabin makes one feel as if it's just a little more than 6,000 feet.
While this does make breathing easier, it has a gastronomic downside - the air pressure numbs your taste buds, causing the food to appear blander. The comparatively lower level of cabin humidity (by almost 20 per cent) makes things worse, weakening your sense of taste and smell.
The air conditioning, not to be outdone, dries up the food instantaneously - turning a nice breast of chicken into something akin to sawdust before you can even hope to devour it. Now, this could have led to quite a tragic scenario for gourmands travelling long-distance if our favourite airlines hadn't decided to do something about it. Fortunately, they did.
Today, most airline carriers have bid farewell to the packaged sandwich - instead taking steps to turn entire aircraft into luxury restaurants. Plastic trays and paper cups have given way to bone china plates and crystal wine glasses, and celebrity chefs from Michelin-starred restaurants whip up culinary surprises (with an extra dash of flavour) for you at the tap of a buzzer.
If you don't feel like Chinese, there are a hundred other cuisines - from Continental to Lebanese - for you to choose from. Here's a look at the top five airlines you should board, if fine dining is your thing.
EMIRATES
Planning to snooze your way through the Emirates flight to your destination? We sure hope you reconsider, because - ultra-luxurious private suites, fully flat beds and the shower spa notwithstanding - the chow they have on offer is to die for. Exclusively plated on Royal Doulton fine bone china and Robert Welch cutlery, you get everything from wild Iranian caviar to duck breast glazed with wild forest honey in one exotic gastronomic package. Says Essa Sulaiman Ahmad, Vice President (India and Nepal), Emirates, "We have over 500 international chefs from across the world in our catering team. Here, we focus on providing a gourmet in-flight dining experience to our customers through all aspects of our service. Whether it's curry from India or sushi from Japan, we are always looking to learn from the local cuisine. Our menus reflect local tastes." Care for a glimpse beyond heaven? Take a ride in the Emirates Airline A380 aircraft, and you get all this - plus a chance to sip grand cru wines and nibble on canapes in lavish lounges manned by a dedicated bartender.
We Recommend: Aubergine lasagne, braised beef in coconut milk, wild Iranian caviar.
Singapore Airlines
What do you get when you have heavyweight chefs like Suzanne Goin, Georges Blanc and Sam Leong sitting at a desk to decide on a common gastronomic agenda? No prizes for this one - it's the Singapore Airlines' menu book! Each trip through the skies in a Singapore Airlines flight is an experience in fine dining, and new dishes are developed and critiqued in a manner similar to military commanders reviewing their field strategies. To handle the air-pressure dilemma, in-house menus are created in a test kitchen that mimics the atmospheric conditions in an actual airline cabin. Even the spirits are not spared - each bottle of liquor is made to undergo palatability tests at high altitudes, and only the finest are allowed to be carted in. Those desiring the very impossible in the art of cooking must try their exclusive Book the Cook Service, which lets you select your gourmet main course at least 24 hours before departure. So, go ahead - sip some blessed Krug, sample some tender satay, and pray that your journey through the skies never ends.
We Recommend: Nigiri sushi, crabmeat ee-fu noodle soup.
QATAR AIRWAYS
They say that a good cook rarely feels at home outside his kitchen, but Nobu - a chef par excellence from Japan - just can't stop raving about the artistic freedom he gets from Qatar Airways. "They understand my philosophy," he gushes. "It's like a nice marriage, a balance in the foot." And why not, considering that he - in cahoots with other celebrity chefs like Tom Aikens, Ramzi Choueiri and Vineet Bhatia - has been given a free rein to impress every discerning taste bud on the firmament. Satisfy your palate and excite your senses with a wide variety of tantalising dishes prepared with a focus on the quality of ingredients. Plating is one area where Qatar never goes wrong. Here, you won't find steak sitting on your mashed potatoes or a trail of gravy stretching its way across one side of the plate; these guys can put the guys from MasterChef to shame. Watching a movie? Don't forget to buzz the flight attendant for a fresh tub of buttered popcorn.
We Recommend: Classic Arabic mezze, Iranian mix grill
ETHIAD AIRWAYS
If you are on a quest for exquisite food and personalised service, look no further than an Etihad airliner calmly winging its way over the horizon. After all, these guys believe in spoiling their passengers silly with delectable bites prepared by expert chefs, complete with charming flight attendants and wine tasters to apply the finishing touches on a glorious journey to remember. Unlike other carriers, which prepare food on the ground and serve it to passengers after some fairly simple reheating, the chefs aboard Etihad do much of the cooking at the last moment. While the focus lies on modern Arabic cuisine, passengers can pick anything from an inexhaustible list of international delicacies - be it the Moroccan lamb tagine or the lip-smacking shio koji salmon - and customise it to their stomach's content. But what of the air pressure, you ask? Well, the food is made flavourful enough to withstand any such concern.
We Recommend: Grilled tenderloin, lamb thareed, date and custard cake.
SWISS AIRLINES
Rest assured, there's nothing neutral about the cuisine onboard the Swiss Airlines. Here, you dine as you would in a gourmet restaurant - choosing your own menu and placing an order mid-afternoon or evening, never mind what the clock has to say about it. What Switzerland lacks in area, it makes up with the largesse of its cuisine - a fact that finds ample reflection in the menu book of its national airline. While top chefs across the globe present fliers with highlights from their individual culinary treasuries, a large part of the menu devotes itself to delicacies from the local cuisine. If you desire a taste of the Swiss heartlands, here's news. Through the latter half of this year, Swiss first and business class passengers will get a chance to sample culinary delights acquired from the canton of Geneva. Go wild on beef tenderloin with ofetori, Nidwalden-style mashed potatoes made with veal bacon and cheese, even whole chunks of the local Swiss cheese - nobody's judging.
We Recommend: Chicken cordon bleu, braised lamb shank.

33% women at top posts is achievable: TCS chiefAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 11:08 IST
N. Chandrasekaran, MD and CEO, TCS. Photo: Reuters
N. Chandrasekaran, MD and CEO, TCS, says his women employees are one of the most valuable assets of his 3.35 lakh strong workforce. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, he says that he goes all-out to ensure that the company works around their constraints so that the women employees don't have to give up their careers.
Q. You have the largest woman workforce in the IT industry. How important is gender diversity for TCS?
A. We are proud that we have achieved the milestone of 100,000 women employees. A company like TCS , which is at the forefront of technology and has a lot of intellectual professionals, gives ample scope for women. We have been increasing our workforce year after year. Diversity is a broad subject and we are looking at it from the point of view of gender and nationality. Also generation diversity is fast becoming important in today's context because of the demographic profile we have in this country. From a gender perspective, we have been averaging at around 33 per cent. We are trying to promote gender diversity across the board. It's not just at the entry level. We would like to see more and more women taking up senior roles. That has been an area of concern primarily because women do face issues especially in India as they have to take up family responsibilities too. During the growing years of their children, they tend to give up their careers.
It requires a lot of empathy to create an environment in which they are able to pursue their career. Fundamentally, as firm and I also believe that having a mix is extremely important. My focus has always been to give flexibility. When I say flexibility, it is just not about timing or location, it is about how we create an overall environment, where we are able to give opportunities that they can take up at different points of time. There are times in their career when they want to be mobile, there are times in their career when they can't be mobile. So, how do we accommodate all this? It is actually not very difficult, primarily due to the nature of our business. I do believe that the world is so connected today than ever before, so it is just a mindset. Most of the jobs in our industry is intellectual kind of work, so, it's not that difficult to encourage and help the women to shape their careers.
Q. The industry perception is that while you may have a one-lakh strong women employees, there aren't too many women in key leadership roles.
A. Though the diversity quotient is 33 per cent, a good number, at the senior levels, it is in the range of 12 to 13 per cent. Obviously, that number needs to go up. Almost 90 per cent of TCS revenue comes from international clients and many times it involves a lot of travel. Many women are hesitant to travel too frequently. But there are very senior positions available in the company which can be done with less of travel. There are delivery managers, quality managers, people who drive practices, offerings and so on and they are all women leaders. I don't like to put rigid guidelines. So, when I see women with lot of potential, I talk to them. Whoever has constraints, if they reach out, we definitely find ways to work on those constraints. It is more of a dialogue that is needed. There have been situations when I myself have reached out to our women employees who have high potential and I have tried to find an answer to their constraints, so that were able to pursue their career without compromises. We have a number of women in senior leadership positions, but I would like more and more of them.
It's about creating a holistic environment where all my managers are at it. I am hesitant to put a metric, because if I put a metric, then people will read the metric and put a tick mark. So, it takes a little bit longer if you drive it without the metric, but it is more lasting. So, what we are trying to do is drive this culture so that managers at every level are trying to create diverse teams, multiple dimensions of diversity, but definitely gender diversity.
Q. How many women leaders do you have at the senior-most level?
A. In the senior-most level, we have around 4-5 women. Our Deputy Head of HR, Ritu Anand, Vijaya Deepti, who heads our insurance product, Aarthi Subramanian takes care of governance across the board, Sukanya, who handles our travel and hospitality business, and Michelle Lemmens, who is the centre manager of our all-women BPO in Saudi Arabia. She asked for the job when she was in Australia and  she has done everything from recruiting the first associate to scaling it up to 300 associates in a year.  It's a pretty remarkable thing to do.
We are a company which believes in meritocracy. All these people are phenomenally capable people, have deep expertise in running the business, whether it is in operations, customer orientation, domain knowledge or delivery excellence, people skills. We are not trying to meet a metric, rather we are trying to promote people with lot of capability. There are a lot of women out there who have the same level of capability as men. I don't see gaps. It's just that some are able to pursue their careers much more vigorously than others. So what is it that we have to do that more people pursue their careers. If we can address that issue, I think we should definitely have almost equal number of women as the number of men. That should be achievable. If we have 33 per cent women at the company level, there is no reason why we shouldn't have 33 per cent women at the senior-most levels.
Q. Do you foresee your successor to be a woman?
A. I guess it is too early to say. But it is all about equal opportunity. In our company, we focus on an empowered management structure and empowered teams. We have lot of phenomenal people and we grow all of them. At the right time, the right person will be identified, but there is an equal opportunity for women.

FM Jaitley is top crorepati in PM Modi s CabinetFinance minister Arun Jaitley is top crorepati in PM Narendra Modi's Cabinet
Kumar Vikram        Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Finance Minister  Arun Jaitley. Photo: PTI
If wealth be health, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Council of Ministers is pretty much in the pink. Of the 44 members in Modi's ministerial team, no less than 41 or 91 per cent are crorepatis. This compares rather favourably with the United Progressive Alliance II's Council of Ministers, where 47 of 79 ministers just about 60 per cent were similarly wealthy.
Union Finance and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley is the richest minister of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government with assets totalling Rs 114.03 crore. It is Railway Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda, however, whose assets have shown the greatest increase of Rs 10.46 crore since he took over as minister, from Rs 9.88 crore as declared in the Lok Sabha elections to Rs 20.35 crore now.
The wealth of Modi's ministers has been analysed by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and National Election Watch (NEW) by comparing the declarations filed for the Lok Sabha elections in May this year and those sent about five months later to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO). Declarations of 45 ministers, including Modi himself, have been thus analysed. Of the 45 ministers, 37 had contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and eight are members of the Rajya Sabha.
Unlike the railway minister, Jaitley's assets have shown an increase of Rs.1.01 crore in the same period. Jaitley's assets rose in value from Rs 113.02 crore during the Lok Sabha polls to Rs 114.03 crore in the 2014 disclosure to the PMO.
He is fond of luxury cars and has declared ownership of high-end cars like a Porsche worth Rs 1.02 crore, and vehicles from Mercedes Benz and BMW among others. Gowda's growth is on the fast track primarily because he has acquired a commercial building worth Rs 13.49 lakh as well as a residential building worth Rs.11.65 crore.
Matter of assets
The average value of assets of Modi's Council of Ministers, according to the declarations on the PMO website, is Rs 14.32 crore. Following Jaitley on the rich list are Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal of the Shiromani Akali Dal (Rs.108.31 crore) and Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Power, Coal and New and New and Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal of the Bharatiya Janata Party (Rs 94.66 crore).
According to the ADR, many Union ministers including Gowda, Dr Harsh Vardhan, Ananth Kumar, Jitendra Kumar, Manoj Sinha, and Santosh Kumar Gangwar have not declared the value of their agricultural land in their declarations.
On the not-so-rich side, the least wealth has been declared by Sudarshan Bhagat of BJP (Rs 59.13 lakh) followed by Mansukhbhai Dhanjibhai Vasava of the BJP (Rs 65.71 lakh) and Ram Vilas Paswan of Lok Janashakti Party (Rs 95.71 lakh).
Among the ministers who contested the Lok Sabha 2014 elections, the highest increase in assets in five months has been shown by D.V. Sadananda Gowda of the BJP (Cabinet Minister for Railways). Gowda is followed by Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Radhakrishnan P. of the BJP who has shown an increase of Rs 2.98 crore from the Rs 4.09 crore he declared in the Lok Sabha polls. The reason for the increase in the property of many ministers, including Radhakrishnan P. has been difficult to evaluate as some ministers have not declared the values of their assets in a comprehensive format.
The great dip
There are 16 ministers whose wealth has shrunk in the journey from the General Elections to the Council of Ministers. The greatest decrease is for External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj whose wealth has fallen by Rs 3.89 crore (from Rs 17.55 crore to Rs 13.65 crore). She is followed by Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Development of North-eastern Region Gen. (Retd) V.K. Singh of BJP who has declared a decrease of Rs 3.13 crore (from Rs 4.11 crore declared in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to Rs 98.27 lakh declared in the disclosure to the PMO). The former Army chief is followed by Health and Family Welfare Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan of BJP who has declared a decrease of Rs.1.28 crore (from Rs.2.82 crore declared in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to Rs.1.54 crore in the disclosure to the PMO).
The declaration of assets by the ministers has been made according to the Code of Conduct issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs which makes it mandatory for every minister to disclose details of their assets and liabilities.
The 2009 UPA Council of Ministers had 47 crorepati members, of which 38 were from the Congress, five from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, two from the Nationalist Congress Party, and one each from the National Conference and Trinamool Congress. NCP leader Praful Patel was the richest of the lot with assets worth Rs.89.9 crore.

PNB falls nearly 2%; CMD K R Kamath calls it quitsYou are here: Home > Collections > Kamath
PNB shares settle down 1.79%; m-cap erodes by Rs 1,373 crore
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 05.21PM IST
(A new head at state-run banks…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Punjab National Bank today settled for the day down 1.79 per cent, thereby eroding Rs 1,373 crore from its market capitalisation after following reports that the government has not given extension to its Chairman and Managing Director K R Kamath.
Kamath after he completed his 5-year term in the state-run bank on Monday.
As per the government rules, the CMD and Directors are appointed in public sector entities for a period of five years or up to the age of 60, whichever is earlier.
Following this shares of the bank opened on a weaker note and fell as much as 2.20 per cent to an intra day low of Rs 900.50. At the end of the trading session, the share was quoted at Rs 904.35, down 1.79 per cent over the previous closing price on the BSE.
Accordingly, the market capitalisation of the company declined by Rs 1,373 crore to Rs 31,967 crore.
Kamath, who joined PNB in October 2009, had another 13 months to superannuation.
Prior to joining PNB, he was the CMD of Allahabad Bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JustDial down 27% in three months; time to log out No  hold on  say analystsIs it time to log out from JustDial? Hold on to the stock, say analysts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 04.56PM IST
(This is a very competitive…)
NEW DELHI: JustDial Ltd has plunged nearly 27 per cent in a matter of just three months from its record high of Rs 1894.70 hit earlier this year on 5th August, 2014, on the Bombay Stock Exchange. So, is it time for investors to book profit in the stock? May be not, say experts.
Just Dial enjoyed a good growth over the last one year, which is evident from the movement of its stock price. The stock has more than doubled from its issue price of Rs 530/share in a little over a year's time.
However, their business plans of expansion are making investors cautious and more selling could come in the stock after the surge over the last few months, say analysts.
"'Search Plus' could be a good initiative and would also de-risk the current business model of the company," said Tushar Pendharkar- Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"However, the company is planning to raise Rs 1000 crore for this new line of business, which would further dilute the earnings per share. Therefore, it would be very early to comment on the performance of this new line of business for the next couple of years," he added.
This is a very competitive segment with quite a few established players and a lot of other players entering the segment at fast pace, say analysts. Investors would therefore may wait and monitor the progress of Just Dial in this segment.
Just Dial posted Q2 results with net profit margin going up by 9 per cent, which was below the average estimates. The EBITDA margin was also down for Just Dial YoY mainly because of the increase in staffing costs as the organization expands its business.
"Just Dial is a good long-term stock for investors, but it would be better to buy it on dips rather than at current levels," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
Apart from earnings, one of the major reasons outlined by analysts is the fact that there is no clarity from the management side about its plan on inorganic growth or adding another business line to the existing one.
"This is a major reason behind the investors being nervous about JustDial's fund raising plans," said Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
The company is planning to raise another Rs 1000 crore via equity and equity linked securities, but that would also dilute earnings per share. This was despite the company having cash reserves of about Rs 750 crore on its books.
However, the management clarified that funds would be raised only if an appropriate opportunity arose. Otherwise they are going to let the resolution pass.
"Let me put it very clear. The money is not going to be raised in the couple of quarters. Let us be very clear on that unless, as we mentioned, an opportunity comes out," said Ramkumar Krishnamachari, CFO, Just Dial. "Now, if I do not see any opportunity, strategic opportunity to utilise this money, I am not going to raise it," he clarified in an interview with ET Now.
"The board has given broader enabling resolution. Should I not find any suitable utilisation of this cash, I am not going to raise the money and let the resolution pass and expire. I am very clear on that," added Krishnamachari.
What should investors do with the stock?
Despite a significant revenue growth in past several quarters, the company is struggling to maintain bottom-line performance. The stock is currently trading at the TTM P/E of 81.1x, P/B of 16.74x and EV/EBITDA of 63x.
"At such a higher valuation, it is certain that the investors would expect continued significant performance from the company," said Pendharkar, adding that "I would suggest to hold the stock and would also recommend for a 'wait & watch' strategy."
Currently the stock is trading around 1445. "If the stock manages to sustain above 1480, we can expect further upside in the stock till the level of 1600," said experts.
"The stock has an important support at 1349.Traders who are still holding Just Dial should place a stop loss of 1284 & hold it," said Gupta of CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Report on blackmoney will be submitted in time: Justice MB ShahYou are here: Home > Collections
Report on blackmoney will be submitted in time, says Justice M B Shah
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 07.08PM IST
Tags:
Attorney General
(Investigation against…)
NEW DELHI: Investigation against over 600 people accused of stashing money abroad illegally is going on and a report on it will be submitted in time, Chief of Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney Justice M B Shah said today.
"We have already filed the first report (on blackmoney) in August. Certainly I am hopeful about it (timely submission of second report)," he said.
On a day the Attorney General submitted a list of 627 names having accounts in HSBC bank , Geneva, to the apex court, Shah told CNN-IBN that the list was already known to the team.
"Investigation is going on. Without investigation it is very difficult to say that a person is guilty or that person has done something wrong. A person is required to be heard first," he said.
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy. "It is not easy because when a department also issues a notice, it takes time. Concerned parties and assessees replies take time," the SIT chief said.
Shah denied that government's probe in blackmoney case is an eyewash. "It is not eyewash. Nothing is eyewash. Nothing can be said to be eye wash. On the contrary we got some results also," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government withdraws waiver given to spot bo...You are here: Home > Collections > Exchanges
After NSEL scam, government withdraws waiver given to spot bourses
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 07.08PM IST
Tags:
National Spot Exchange Ltd
(In 2007, the government…)
NEW DELHI: Wiser after the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL scam, government today withdrew the exemption granted to all spot commodity exchanges for launching one-day forward contracts in agri and non-agri items with immediate effect.
In August 2013, the payment scam surfaced at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) after it was found violating the exemption.
Through a gazette notification dated September 19, Finance Ministry today said the waiver granted to three national spot exchanges - NSEL, NCDEX Spot Exchange (NSPOT) and National Agriculture Produce Marketing Company of India Ltd (National APMC) has been withdrawn with immediate effect.
"Having examined the activities of such entities and on the basis of the experience gained, the central government is of the view that such entities which were granted exemption under section 27 of the said Act, thereby facilitating unregulated forward trading on their platform, have failed to serve the purpose for which they were created," it said.
In view of various risks associated with trading in such unregulated entities, the forward trading in such unregulated entities is not in public interest, it added.
The exemption was utilised only by the NSEL, while the other two exchanges never used it. So the withdrawal of the exemption may not have impact on any exchange, a senior Finance Ministry official said.
In 2007, the government had exempted one-day forward contracts offered by spot exchanges from the purview of the Forward Contracts Regulation Act (FCRA).
The waiver was given with a condition that the exchanges would not permit short sales - selling a commodity without owning it - and ensure that all outstanding positions at the end of the day resulted in delivery.
While Financial Technologies (India) promoted NSEL was granted exemption on June 5, 2007, NSPOT and National APMC received exemptions under the same provisions on July 23, 2008 and August 11, 2010 respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NRI investors vs ICICI Venture: Sebi probe s...Gulab Patil
(The investors alleged that…)
MUMBAI: After moving the Mauritius Supreme Court seeking $103 million in damages from private equity fund ICICI Venture, a group of around 80 NRI investors have sought a probe from markets watchdog Sebi in the matter.
In a 26-page complaint sent to the Sebi on October 16, the investors alleged that two realty-focused funds from ICICI Venture-the Dynamic India Fund III & IV- have taken money from them promising high returns to the tune of 25 per cent.
However, none of the 13 projects in which their money was invested are completed well after the committed nine-year gestation period, the complaint said.
The investors want the Sebi to probe the allegations of misrepresentations, concealment and omission of material facts, misleading statements, negligence, and breaches of duty towards the investors by not exercising care and due diligence while managing their investments , as they claim that these misconducts have diminished the value of their investment considerably.
When contacted, a Dubai-based investor Gulab Patil , who has been authorised by around 500 investors with a power of attorney, told PTI that he has filed the complaint with Sebi on October 16.
Patil, who hails from Pune, said that he had invested $2.5 lakh in 2005 when these two funds were launched.
The complaint by 78 investors, mainly NRIs and persons of Indian origin, urged Sebi to probe against ICICI Venture Funds Management Company (ICICI Venture), ICICI Bank , Dynamic India Fund III & IV (DIF III & IV), India Advantage Fund III & IV (IAF III & IV), under the provisions of the Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to securities markets) Regulations 2003 of Sebi.
ICICI Venture has already denied all the charges as "totally baseless and malicious".
ICICI Venture also countered the claim of damages, saying the aggrieved investors accounted for a small percentage of those invested in the fund and they had refused to take an 'cash exit option' although returns were never guaranteed.
"The allegations levelled by a set of investors, constituting only 12 per cent of the investors in the said fund, are totally baseless, not supported by facts and are malicious," an ICICI Venture spokesperson had said.
DIF III &IV schemes, registered in Mauritius, are structured as feeder-funds by ICICI Venture and are registered with the Sebi as foreign venture capital investors.
The fund was promoted to be a close-ended fund with a corpus of $220 million. The fund was aimed at developing, leasing, owning and selling quality office and residential properties and retail spaces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Don t panic after oil prices fall: OPEC Secy...OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri did not say OPEC needed to cut oil production to support market, & appealed for calm over decline in prices.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: There is no need to panic at the recent drop in oil prices, the secretary general of OPEC said on Wednesday, saying low prices would curb competing supplies and require the group to pump far more by the end of the decade.
Abdullah al-Badri said output of higher-cost oil supplies such as shale would be curbed if oil remained at around $85 a barrel, while the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries enjoys lower costs and will see higher demand for its crude in the longer term.
The comments are a further indication that OPEC, which meets in November to set output policy, has no plan to cut supply in a bid to push prices back up. OPEC members have previously said they wanted oil at around $100 a barrel.
"If prices stay at $85, we will see a lot of investment, a lot of oil, going out of the market," Badri said in London at the Oil & Money conference, an annual industry event. "About 65 percent of the producers, they have high costs. Not OPEC."
Brent crude has dropped more than a quarter from above $115 per barrel in June as abundant supplies of high-quality oil such as US shale have overwhelmed demand in many markets, filling stocks worldwide.
Badri did not say whether OPEC needed to cut oil production at its November 27 meeting in Vienna to support the market, and appealed for calm over the decline in prices.
"We do not see much change in the fundamentals. Demand is still growing, supply is also growing. OPEC is reviewing the situation," he said.
"The most important thing is we should not panic," he said. "Unfortunately, everybody is panicking. We really need to sit, and think and see how this will develop."
PRICE FLOOR
Badri declined to specify a level at which oil prices might find a floor, saying OPEC did not have a price target but would instead leave that to the market.
"OPEC's average price will still be $100 at the end of this year so we are fine for 2014," he said. "The fundamentals do not reflect this low price."
"OPEC does not have a price target. We must let the market settle down."
Brent was trading around $87 by 1220 GMT after reaching a four-year low of $82.60 two weeks ago.
Badri said last month that he expected OPEC to lower its oil output target when it meets in Vienna, which would be its first formal output cut since the 2008 financial crisis.
OPEC has a production target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd) and Badri suggested last month that this should be cut to around 29.5 million bpd.
Since then, key OPEC members Iran and Kuwait have said a cut in output at the meeting was unlikely. Top producer Saudi Arabia has yet to comment publicly.
Badri reiterated that supplies from rival producers, such as shale oil, were not a threat to OPEC long-term and said OPEC had to be ready to pump far more in future.
"In the longer term, OPEC must be ready to produce. Around 2018-2020, US tight oil will slow down," he said. "By 2020, OPEC must be ready to produce 40 million bpd of oil, and 50 million bpd of liquids, that's crude and natural gas liquids."

Nilofar to hit Guj with less intensity than ...You are here: Home > Collections > Kmph
Nilofar to hit Gujarat with less intensity than predicted
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 08.00PM IST
Tags:
fisheries department
( Nilofar is expected to…)
GANDHINAGAR: As per the latest prediction of the MeT department, cyclonic storm Nilofar is expected to hit Gujarat on the night of November 31 as "marginal cyclonic storm", against the earlier prediction of it being "severe".
"Nilofar has weakened and is expected to hit Gujarat as Marginal Cyclonic Storm only. Earlier it was predicted that it will make landfall on forenoon of November 1. But now it seems that it will hit Kutch coast on the night of October 31 or early morning November 1," said the state relief commissioner D N Pandey here today.
According to Met department, Nilofar, categorised as 'Very Severe Cyclonic Storm' over west-central Arabian Sea, has moved slightly northwards. It is now 860 Km west-southwest of Naliya in Kutch.
"However as the system would come closer to Gujarat coast, it would weaken and cross the coast as marginal cyclonic storm with a wind speed of 60-70 Kmph gusting to 80Kmph," said the bulletin issued at 3pm by Met department.
Pandey said the storm would bring heavy rains. "It is expected that rains would start in the morning on October 31 with winds upto 45 Kmph. Kutch would get heavy to very heavy rains, between 2 to 10 inches. Rains are also expected in many other parts of state," he said at a press conference.
"Apart from Kutch, including Naliya, the storm will impact other coastal towns including Veraval, Somnath, Porbandar, Okha and Dwarka near Jamnagar. We have asked all the districts collectors to take their own call to evacuate those living near the coastal areas," said Pandey.
"The state Fisheries Department today told us that all the fishing boats which had gone into sea have returned. As of now none of our boats are in the sea," he added.
Three additional teams of National Disaster Relief Force have been deployed in the state. "Apart from nine teams already deployed at various places, we have deployed three more teams today for Kutch, Una and Dwarka. We are also taking help of ISRO for establishing emergency communication system," said Pandey.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt relaxes rules for FDI in construction: ...Government relaxes FDI norms for construction, real estate sector
ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 09.34AM IST
Tags:
economy
(The move will facilitate…)
NEW DELHI: The government eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all. The Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved a comprehensive proposal by the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP), dropping the minimum 10-hectare rule for serviced housing plots and slashing the minimum floor area for construction development projects to 20,000 sq m from 50,000 sq m to be eligible for overseas investment.
It also halved the minimum foreign direct investment (FDI) amount to $5 million from $10 million and substantially eased the exit norms, raising an across-the board cheer from an industry that now hopes for bigger foreign fund flows into a sector that desperately needs money.
"The government is bang on (target). We are very glad about the trunk infrastructure completion part as it will bring in asset-based FDI. This will ensure that project developers who have taken FDI are not left with more debt," said Rajeev Talwar, executive director of DLF, India's biggest listed developer. Trunk infrastructure refers to essential amenities such as roads, water supply, street lighting, drainage and sewerage.
The new rules will also give a boost to the 100 smart cities being planned by the government. Home buyers will also cheer the relaxation as fresh inflows raise the possibility of projects that are stuck getting completed and cheaper housing becoming available going ahead. Most housing projects are running one to two years or even more behind schedule because of the slowdown and the shortage of funds on account of elevated debt levels.
"It is an excellent move by the government and will definitely help the developers which are running late with their projects due to the funds crunch. Townships take a minimum of 10 years to be completed, so the relaxation will ensure that funds are not a problem," said RR Singh, director-general of National Real Estate Development Council, or Naredco. The norms will come into force after DIPP issues a notification. The government has promised housing for all by 2022 and toward that end provided an incentive for affordable housing in the revamped policy.
The sectoral condition of minimum area and capital will not apply if the developer sets aside 30% of the project for affordable housing, defined as dwelling units of less than 60 sq m. Singh said finding 10 hectares of land in tier-I and tier-II cities was difficult, so scrapping this rule will encourage investors to bring in money. In its July budget, the new government had said it would relax foreign investment rules for the sector. The government is also looking to boost construction of hotels, tourist resorts, hospitals, special economic zones (SEZs), educational institutions, old-age homes and invest ments by non-resident Indians (NRIs), giving free access in these segments.
"These measures are expected to result in enhanced inflows into the construction development sector consequent to easing of sectoral conditions and clarification of terms used in the policy," the government said in a statement. The sector attracted $1.2 billion in FDI in 2013-14, down 8% from 2012-13. The most significant incentive to foreign investment is the easier exit compared with the existing rule of a three-year lock-in after the completion of minimum capitalisation of $10 million. Under the new rules, investors will have to bring $5 million within six months of commencement of projects and the balance over 10 years or before the completion of project, whichever is earlier.
The investor can exit on completion of the project or three years after the final investment, subject to the development of trunk infrastructure. FDI can be repatriated or transferred before the completion of the project if approved by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board. "Lingering issues with respect to lock-in requirement and exit route along with the prohibitive minimum threshold for built-up area have had a dampening effect on FDI in the sector," said Sachin Sandhir, global managing director, emerging business, and MD, South Asia, RICS.
"A positive announcement towards this end is indeed welcome and will encourage more investors to consider investing in India, if they are able to exit from the projects sooner." The construction sector, which has a significant ripple effect on the economy, grew only 1.6% in FY14, contributing to the sub-5% growth in the year.
 
"Investment in the construction development sector has a multiplier effect on the economy by way of infrastructure creation; substantial employment generation over the entire spectrum from unskilled workers to engineers, architects, designers as well as financial and other supporting services," the government said. Talwar of DLF expects the measures to lead to a revival in the sector and the wider economy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

White Zambian named acting presidentUpdated: October 29, 2014 19:45 IST
White Zambian named acting president
AP
Reuters Zambian Vice-President Guy Scott (in picture) has been named the interim leader of the country, a Minister said on Wednesday, a day after President Michael Sata died in London.
TOPICS
Zambia
Vice-President Guy Scott, a white Zambian of Scottish descent, is the first white leader of an African nation since F.W. de Klerk, the last president of apartheid.
The Zambian government says Vice-President Guy Scott, a white Zambian of Scottish descent, will become acting president of the southern African nation until elections are held within 90 days.
Mr. Scott became acting president on Wednesday following the death of President Michael Sata, who had been gravely ill in a London hospital. Sata died late Tuesday.
Mr. Scott is the first white leader of an African nation since F.W. de Klerk, the last president of apartheid, the South African system of white racist rule that ended in 1994.
Defence Minister Edgar Lungu announced that Mr. Scott will be acting president.

Ex-Google employee detained for trying to join ISIS in HyderabadFormer Google techie stopped from ‘joining ISIS’
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Hyderabad, October 29, 2014
First Published: 15:14 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:51 IST(30/10/2014)
Comments
The Hyderabad Police detained a former Google employee, suspecting him of plotting to join the extremist group, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS), officials said on Wednesday.
Munawad Salman, 30, was a software engineer with Google in Hyderabad until he quit his job seven months ago and was allegedly “attracted” to the jihadist group through social media networks and planned to join its forces, a senior police official said.
Police said they tracked Salman’s browsing habits and chats that established his interest in the terror group and picked him up on Tuesday following a tip-off that he was trying to procure a visa to Saudi Arabia from where he planned to flee to Iraq.
The police did not arrest Salman, but let him go after questioning and counselling.
“His is a borderline case, meaning his interest in the terror network might not go beyond the limits (to actually becoming a terrorist). Anyhow, we are keeping a close watch on him,” a top city police official told HT.
The official added that terror literature has become easily available in the internet age, making it easy for people to access it. “We cannot restrict people’s browsing habits,” he said.
Hyderabad has been a victim of terror attacks like the Dilsukhnagar bomb blasts in 2013 as well as a fertile ground for recruitment of terrorists, which keeps the city police on their toes. “The city is as vulnerable and as much a breeding ground (for terrorists) as any other place now,” an official said.
(With agency inputs)

Fed set to halt asset purchasesUS Federal Reserve set to halt asset purchases
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65351bf2-5ca6-11e4-98cc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Are smart cities good option for property investorsStory
Stay Smart
We give you a peek into the proposed smart cities and how they are expected to perform as investment destinations
Renu Yadav      Follow @MoneyRenu    Edition: October 2014
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Smart phones have changed the way we live. From a tool for just voice and text communication, they have become the centre of one's life. Now, you can access internet to connect with others, watch movies, pay bills or carry out bank transactions from anywhere. A similar sea-change can be expected from the 100 smart cities that the government plans to build in the country. These state-of-the art cities will use technology to make life of its citizens more organised and less stressful.
Even as the government is working on the plan, a few smart cities are already coming up across the country. These include Kochi Smart City, Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) in Ahmedabad, Naya Raipur in Chhattishgarh and Wave Infratech's 4,500-acre smart city near New Delhi.
We look at what these offer to know what the 100 planned cities may look like. Plus, we analyse if it makes sense to buy property in these places and how these projects have impacted property prices in and around the areas where they are coming up.
EXPLAINING SMART CITY
Smart cities are defined by extensive use of technology to make life simpler and more comfortable, while being friendly to the environment. They are a solution to problems that residents of Indian cities face due to poor planning and maintenance.
"In a smart city, infrastructure and amenities such as water, sanitation, energy, transport, public safety, education and health care are integrated and managed through technology for efficient governance and delivery," says Abhilesh Babel, joint-CEO, Realty and Social Infrastructure, Feedback Infra, an infrastructure advisory firm.
"The essential features include smart parking and traffic management, smart grids, smart lighting, efficient waste management, etc," says Shivanand Samant, CEO, Supreme Housing.
BANKING ON TECHNOLOGY
A smart city uses information and communication technology to provide public services more efficiently. "Integral to a smart city is information technology, where a network of sensors, cameras, wireless devices and data centres form the key infrastructure for providing services," says Vishal Malik, director, Coldwell Banker India, a property brokerage.
Data are made available on a real-time basis for better planning and making policies which are forward-looking and help in sustainable development.
"A smart city runs on technology-be it electricity, water, sanitation, waste recycling or transport. The aim is to use data to provide effective solutions to residents," says Amar Sinha, executive director, Wave Infratech.
Internationally, many cities have used technology for efficient use of resources. Barcelona is a case in point. The city's 2012 master plan includes projects such as remote control of street lighting and fountains and a programme that includes remote watering of the city's green spaces.
The UAE is building a city, Masdar City, in Abu Dhabi, which will be a carbon-neutral and zero-waste city.
INDIAN INITIATIVES
Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT), Ahmedabad, to be developed over 900 acres, is billed to be one of the country's first smart cities. It will feature remote management of utilities from a single command centre, use of data analytics and real-time monitoring of services. It will provide high-quality infrastructure to woo finance and technology firms from places such as Mumbai, Bangalore and Gurgaon. It will have a special economic zone, an international education zone, integrated townships, an entertainment zone, hotels, a convention centre, an international techno park, Software Technology Parks of India units, shopping malls, stock exchanges and service units.
Kochi Smart City is another such initiative, albeit over a smaller area of 100 hectares. It has a special economic zone that seeks to replicate Dubai's smart city project.
Naya Raipur is also being built as a smart city. There are also plans to build seven smart cities along the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor.
Wave Infratech is building a 4,500-acre smart city on NH-24, the newest suburb of Delhi, which will be managed by a central command centre. The proposed facilities include automated traffic signals, electricity and water meters custom-made to reduce bills, buses which will send text messages to inform residents of their arrival, mechanised garbage control, fiber optic connectivity, 24X7 security, panic buttons and CCTV surveillance systems.
Modern Living
The 400-acre Amanora township in Pune seeks to integrate e-governance and security by having a dedicated internal portal and a multi-use smart card for identification, access and cashless payments. The card will also have the person's medical records for emergencies.
Besides these, there are some cities which have the potential to become smart cities. "There are some well-planned cities which can be developed into smart cities. These are Chandigarh, Jamshedpur, Noida, Navi Mumbai, parts of the Greater Bangalore region, Mahindra World City in New Chennai, Lavasa (Lavasa Group) and Aamby Valley (Sahara Group) near Pune," says Anshuman Magazine, CMD, CBRE South Asia Pvt Ltd.
Malik of Coldwell Banker adds Gandhinagar, Pune, Delhi, Thiruvananthapuram, Nagpur and Bhopal to the list.
SHOULD YOU INVEST?
Smart cities can be a good option for property investors. According to Sumit Jain, co-founder & CEO, commonfloor. com, places such as Kochi Smart City and Gift offer substantial scope for price appreciation.
"At present, prices in these cities are reasonable. The potential for price appreciation is high. But the investor must have a long time horizon," says Prashan Agarwal, co-founder, PropTiger.com.
"While these regions are considered good for investors and buyers, one must be cautious. Buyers with a short investment horizon (two-four years) must refrain from investing in these regions because most of these projects are in the implementation stage. It will take several years before they become reality. Further, site visit will give an added advantage as one has to look at on-ground realities rather than rely on promises," says Jain of commonfloor.com.
Smart gains - Amanora Township
Kochi Smart City has put life in the region's dull real estate market. "Kakkanad, where the city is coming up, witnessed big land deals, and prices shot up considerably. With construction under way, the region has seen steady price appreciation over the past few years. This is in contrast to other areas in the city where there has been a price correction. After a dull period in 2013, demand from the IT/ITeS sector is picking up, and one can expect 30-40% price appreciation over the next three years," says Jain.
GIFT, currently under construction, has also had a considerable impact on prices in and around the area. Prices of apartments there are Rs 3,000-5,000 per sq ft. Certain localities in Ahmedabad such as Valad, Urjanagar and Chandkheda have seen good price appreciation (as much as 30-40% annually). Going forward, one may expect 10-15% annual price rise, says Jain.
Smart gains - Wave city, Palava City
In Wave City, prices have risen from Rs 7,436 per sq ft in June 2012 to Rs 8,102 per sq ft in June 2014, a rise of 9%.
In Palava City, the rise has been from Rs 2,643 per sq ft in June 2010 to Rs 6,032 in June 2014, an appreciation of 128%.

Madison Square Garden: court capital© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/570388f8-5e6c-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lloyds: urgent messages© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f915eb1a-5eab-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The folly of immigration fearsPolitical folly of pandering to fears that are over imagined
John Kay
Immigration, like Europe and Scotland, is for many the focus of a more general discontent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89ac25b2-5ddb-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook warns new buys will hit marginsFacebook warns new buys will hurt margins
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7bec38c-5ede-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PI Industries cracks 15%; net profit dips in Q2You are here: Home > Collections > Q2
PI Industries crack 15% as net profit dips in Q2 to Rs 49 crore
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 10.08AM IST
(Revenues shrunk by 7.8 per…)
NEW DELHI: PI Industries Ltd plunged 15 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after the agri-input company reported a net profit of Rs 49 crore, down 11.4 per cent for the quarter ended September 30.
At 09:50 a.m.; PI Industries recouped some of the morning losses and was trading 6.6 per cent lower at Rs 413.65. It hit a low of Rs 376.15 and a high of Rs 421 in trade today. Including today's intraday fall the stock is still up over 60 per cent so far in the year 2014.
PI Industries also reported fall in revenues and EBITDA by 7.8 per cent and 21.1 per cent respective for the second quarter of the current financial year.
Revenues shrunk by 7.8 per cent YoY to Rs 426.6 crore while EBITDA slipped by 21.1 per cent to Rs 72.6 per cent, PI Industries said in a BSE filing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coffin corner threat to stabilityOctober 29, 2014 5:56 am
‘Coffin corner’ threat to financial stability
By Satyajit Das
Post-crisis regulation makes markets more vulnerable to shocks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d53c3588-4e0b-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Court summons Dayanidhi Maran in Aircel-Maxis caseCourt summons Dayanidhi Maran, others as accused in Aircel-Maxis deal case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 14:13 IST
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran (Photo: Reuters)
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi and six others, including Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan were on Wednesday summoned as accused by a special 2G court in connection with Aircel-Maxis deal case.
Special CBI Judge OP Saini took cognisance of the chargesheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against eight accused, including four companies, and summoned them on March 2, 2015.
"I have carefully gone through the copy of the FIR, chargesheet, statement of witnesses and related documents comprised in the voluminous record of the case. On the perusal of the record, I am satisfied that there is enough incriminating material on record to proceed against the accused. Accordingly, I take cognisance of the case," the Special Judge said.
The CBI has chargesheeted them for offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Besides the Maran brothers, the investigation agency has named Malaysian  business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph  Marshall and four firms - Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication  Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding  Ltd - as accused.
In its two-page order, the court allowed the contention of senior public prosecutor KK Goel that at least four months time may be granted for effecting service of summonses on the accused as five of the eight are residing in different countries like Malaysia, Mauritius and United Kingdom while the remaining three are based in Chennai.
"Accordingly, issue summons to the accused persons for March 2, 2015. In view of the nature of the case, the prosecution is directed to take up the service of process on the accused person in right earnest and to endeavour to ensure that the court process qua each accused is returned to the court at least a week before the date fixed," the court said.
On October 13, the special court had reserved its order on the issue of taking cognisance on CBI's chargesheet filed against Maran brothers and six others.
During earlier arguments, the investigation agency had told the court that cognisance should be taken on the chargesheet as prima facie a case was made out against all the accused.
CBI had argued that the case involves investigation in foreign countries and there were sufficient grounds to proceed against the accused named in the chargesheet.
On August 29, the agency had filed the chargesheet in the case containing the names of 151 CBI witnesses and a set of 655 documents, on which it has relied upon during its probe.
CBI had alleged in the court that Dayanidhi Maran had "pressured" and "forced" Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006.

ING Vysya Bank Q2 net profit rises 2.2% to Rs 180 crING Vysya Bank Q2 net profit rises 2.2 per cent to Rs 180 cr
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 16:05 IST
Private sector lender ING Vysya Bank's net profit rose by a marginal 2.2 per cent to Rs 180.1 crore in the second quarter ended September 30.
The bank's net profit stood at Rs 176.3 crore during the corresponding period in previous fiscal 2013-14.
Also, the bank informed that its MD and CEO Shailendra Bhandari has resigned from his position.
"...has informed BSE that Shailendra Bhandari, MD & CEO has submitted his resignation and the Board of Directors, at its meeting held October 28,2014 has approved his letter of resignation. Bhandari will continue to be in the office till January 31, 2015," it said.
Uday Sareen, Deputy CEO and Wholesale Banking Head has been appointed as the new MD & CEO.
The bank's total income increased by 16.1 per cent during July-September quarter to Rs 725.5 crore from Rs 625 crore in the same period a year ago.
Net Interest Income (NII) for the quarter increased by 12.8 per cent to Rs 496.9 crore from Rs 440.3 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year.
Net Interest Margin (NIM) was at 3.54 per cent compared to 3.46 per cent in the same quarter previous year.
"Provisions and contingencies were higher at Rs 49.7 crore from Rs 18.1 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year," it said.
Gross NPA (Non-Performing Assets or bad loans) and net NPA improved to 1.59 per cent and 0.42 per cent, respectively as at 30 September 2014 from 2.39 per cent and 0.87 per cent respectively as at 30 June 2014.
 

Sensex all set for fresh highs | End of QE today; no worry for D-StreetSensex surges over 200 points; Nifty ends near 8100
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 29, 2014, 04.47PM IST
(The 30-share index ended…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex, after being rangebound for most part of the session, gained momentum in the last one hour of trade to finish near day's high.
According to analysts, sentiment on global markets turned bullish on hopes that the US Federal Reserve may not signal earlier-than-expected rate hike at the FOMC meeting.
The Sensex is only 257 points away from its all-time high of 27,354.99 and 222 from all time closing high of 27,319, recorded on September 8.
If the global markets remain supportive and the rally continues, the benchmarks may hit fresh highs in next couple of sessions.
The 30-share index ended at 27,098.17, up 217.35 points or 0.81 per cent. It touched a high of 27,126.30 and a low of 26,971.16 in trade today.
The Nifty closed at 8,090.45, up 62.85 points or 0.78 per cent. It touched a high of 8,097.95 and a low of 8,052.25 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index gained 0.52 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index was 0.62 per cent higher.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 1.47 per cent, the S&P BSE Oil & gas Index was 1.19 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 1.79 per cent.
The S&P BSE Bankex was 0.23 per cent lower, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index slipped 0.29 per cent.
The rally in Bank Nifty finally ran out of steam as bulls took a breather after seven-day upmove.
According to analysts, traders are booking profits in banks after the sharp surge and the index may consolidate in the near term.
Hindalco (up 5.95 per cent), Tata Steel (up 4.60 per cent), Tata Motors (up 3.41 per cent), Infosys (up 2.25 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (up 2.12 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
NTPC (1.52 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (1.11 per cent), Sun Pharmaceuticals (1.11 per cent), Bharti Airtel (0.81 per cent) and SBI (0.52 per cent) were among the top Sensex losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1,604 gainers against 1,362 losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Feds grand experiment draws to a closeFed’s grand experiment draws to a close
Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68b47b7a-5eda-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Farewell QE3  but whats nextSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Markets position for Feds next moveMarkets position for Fed’s next move
Jamie Chisholm
Many now expect US rate ‘lift off’ to be pushed back
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc1e255a-5e7f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks advance on hopes Fed stays dovishDollar jumps as hawkish Fed ends QE
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/546f6540-5f1a-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Zambian President Michael Sata diesZambian president Michael Sata dies at 77
Andrew England – Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cc685352-5f3a-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swedes lean towards Nato membershipSwedes lean towards Nato membership, poll shows
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8329374-5f53-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Norways oil fund hit by European stocksNorway’s oil fund hit by European stocks
Richard Milne in Oslo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb9b7e14-5f4b-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rouble touches another dollar-euro lowRouble extends run of lows against dollar and euro
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6cb634a-5f4d-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nickel rebounds as China supplies tightenNickel rebounds as China supplies tighten
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c2c6244-5f41-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka meets Ravi Shankar ...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka meets Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 08.11PM IST
Tags:
Germany
(Vishal Sikka met IT & Telecom…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka today met IT and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss how the Indian IT companies can be involved in the Rs 1 lakh crore Digital India programme.
"CEO of Infosys Vishal Sikka met me. We discussed more active participation of India Inc in Digital India," Prasad tweeted.
This was a follow-up meeting between the two after their first meeting on Digital India programme in Germany.
"The Minister in his visit to Germany had met Mr Sikka and impressed upon on him to work with government in rolling out Digital India programme which is a focus area of the Prime Minister, especially by involving small IT companies so that they benefit from this programme of the government," a Telecom Ministry official told PTI.
Under the Digital India programme, the government has envisaged to create various IT-based solutions, including delivery of services to public like health, education, financial services etc, secure email system for government officials and develop IT platform for sending messages.
The government has plans to spend Rs 200 crore for imparting IT training to 1 crore students over the next 5 years.
"The Minister also asked Mr Sikka to spread the intention of the new government in attracting foreign investment to Make in India and to motivate the potential investors to set up industries, especially in Electronics Manufacturing in India," the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rainmaker Klein tipped for returnRainmaker Klein stays in the shadows as Glencore eyes Rio Tinto
Daniel Schäfer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67a9233e-5dc2-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fiat Chrysler plans Ferrari stock listingFiat Chrysler to spin off sports car maker Ferrari
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe99d650-5f69-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SFO probes Tesco accounts irregularitiesSerious Fraud Office launches Tesco accounts probe
Caroline Binham and Scheherazade Daneshkhu in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7dab1d18-5f6b-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inditex evolves approach to ChinaInditex’s Tmall deal shows an evolving approach to China
Tony Barber
Spanish retailer’s tie up with Alibaba recognises online reality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac50b8b4-5ea1-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

California Digs Deep for Water  But Is It Safe
UN climate change draft sees risks of irreversible damageUpdated: October 26, 2014 17:32 IST
UN climate change draft sees risks of irreversible damage
Reuters
Tweet
AP In this October 23, 2014 photo, smoke rises from a heat and power plant in Warsaw, Poland. Climate change may have “serious, pervasive and irreversible” impacts on human society and nature, according to a draft U.N. report due for approval at the Paris climate summit in 2015.
TOPICS
climate change (politics)
Risk of “serious, pervasive and irreversible impacts”; governments, scientists to meet in Copenhagen on UN report; still time to limit warming, says IPCC draft
Climate change may have “serious, pervasive and irreversible” impacts on human society and nature, according to a draft U.N. report due for approval this week that says governments still have time to avert the worst.
Delegates from more than 100 governments and top scientists meet in Copenhagen between October 27, 2014 and October 31, 2014 to edit the report, meant as the main guide for nations working on a U.N. deal to fight climate change at a summit in Paris in late 2015.
They will publish the study on November 2.
European Union leaders on Friday agreed to cut emissions by 40 per cent below 1990 levels by 2030, in a shift from fossil fuels towards renewable energies, and urged other major emitters led by China and the United States to follow.
“The report will be a guide for us,” Peruvian Environment Minister Manuel Pulgar-Vidal, who will host a U.N. meeting of environment ministers in Lima in late 2014 to lay the groundwork for the Paris summit, told Reuters.
He said the synthesis report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), drawing on three mammoth scientific reports published since September 2013, would show the need for urgent and ambitious action in coming years.
Many governments want the 32-page draft to be more clearly and punchily written in warnings of more powerful storms, heat waves, floods and rising seas. The United States said some tables “may be impenetrable to the policymaker or public”.
In a paragraph summing up the risks, the draft says that a continued rise in world greenhouse gas emissions is “increasing the likelihood of severe, pervasive and irreversible impacts for people and ecosystems”.
It adds that “a combination of adaptation and substantial, sustained reductions in greenhouse gas emissions can limit climate change risks”.
ALL AFFECTED
Among more than 2,000 comments on the text by governments, the European Union said the IPCC should add that “all regions are affected, regardless of wealth”.
The United States called for clarification of the meaning of “irreversible”. Jonathan Lynn, spokesman of the IPCC, said that the meeting would take account of all comments.
Past reports have warned that warming could, for instance, trigger impacts irreversible on human time scales such as a runaway meltdown of Greenland’s ice that would raise sea levels and swamp coasts from Florida to Bangladesh.
Two artists were to unveil 100 tonnes of ice on Sunday in 12 massive blocks brought from near Nuuk, Greenland, outside Copenhagen’s City Hall to remind delegates of the risks.
“We can save the ice by burning less coal, conserving electricity, and driving better cars,” Danish Climate Minister Morten Helveg Petersen said of the Ice Watch exhibit.
The IPCC says that it is at least 95 per cent certain that human activities, led by the burning of fossil fuels, are the main cause of climate change since 1950, up from 90 per cent in the previous assessment in 2007 and 66 per cent in 2002.
Opinion polls indicate many people, especially in the United States, are unconvinced and suspect that natural variations in climate are to blame. That gap between public and scientific opinion is a big complication for work on the Paris accord.

Check  Please: Dallas Dining Took a Hit During Ebola Scare
Communal clashes in east Delhi trigger tensionCommunal clashes in east Delhi trigger tension
Mohit Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 20:15 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:27 IST(26/10/2014)
Prohibitory orders were clamped in Trilokpuri area in east Delhi as sporadic violence continued unabated for the third day on Saturday.
Policemen patrol a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
Over 14 people, including 13 policemen, have been injured. Police said five of those injured sustained bullet injuries. Over 60 people have been arrested. Property worth crores has been damaged, with the mobs torching several shops and vehicles.
The police imposed Section 144 in the area on Saturday and personnel of the anti-riot Rapid Action Force (RAF) were deployed to quell the spiral of violence.
Though nobody was able to point a particular reason that triggered clashes between people of the two communities in block 27 on Thursday on the occasion of Diwali, police said the violence had engulfed major parts of the area, known as a resettlement colony.
After late night clashes on Friday, fresh stone pelting was reported from the area on Saturday morning.
“They threw stones, bottles and anything they could lay their hands on,” said a resident of block 15. Police said some people threw bottles filled with acid used as toilet cleaners, injuring some RAF personnel.
Brick bats are seen at a road in Trilokpuri, a day after a clash between two groups. (PTI Photo)
By afternoon, the police and RAF jawans climbed atop the rooftops to ensure people do not launch attack from vantage points. The area is congested with narrow lanes and bylanes separating one block from the other.
Read: Unabated violence in Trilokpuri triggers exodus, life crippled
The police and RAF personnel took over almost all blocks and were marching the streets in anti-riot gear.  Blocks 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22, 28 29 were the worst affected by violence, police said.
Police sources said since clashes broke out at regular intervals over three days since Thursday, the police could not concentrate their efforts on restoring peace at one place.
RAF men patrol in Trilokpuri. (PTI Photo)
“We have deployed forces on the building terraces, to avoid make sure that people are not hoarding stones. Check points and pickets have been erected at every nooks and cranny in the colony,” said a senior police officer.“We have the situation under control and are asking the people to maintain peace in the area,” said Ajay Kumar, DCP (East).
After the police controlled the violence that erupted on Thursday, stone pelting was again reported between groups from the two communities on Friday night. The police used mild force and fired tear gas shells to brought the situation under control.
Intelligence Bureau and other agencies are keeping a watch on the situation of the area. Senior police officials are camping in the area and additional force from neighbouring districts have also been deployed in the area.
Read: Did Delhi police ignore alert by home ministry?
Meanwhile, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) president Arvinder Singh expressed serious concern over the clashes in Trilokpuri and appealed to the people to maintain peace.
The DPCC, in a letter to the Delhi Police Commissioner, has asked him to immediately restore peace and order.
Chief spokesperson of the party Mukesh Sharma said that as the news of the clashes reached them, party leaders spoke to top police officials to get  complete details of the clashes and appealed to the police to provide people security and protection.

Tax the Rich  the Rich Say
Snapdeal seals $627mn investment deal with Japan s SoftbankSnapdeal seals $627mn investment deal with Japan's Softbank
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 10:28 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:22 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
In the biggest investment ever by an investor in any Indian e-commerce firm, Japanese internet and telecommunications group SoftBank has put in $627 million (Rs 3,847 crore) in Snapdeal, becoming the largest shareholder in the online marketplace major.
Snapdeal will use the investments in expanding its chain of fulfillment centres and make acquisitions in the coming few months, specifically in the area of mobile technology. With mobile commerce fast gaining pace in the country, the firm also plans to set up an incubation centre to hone and harness start-up businesses in the mobile technology space within next six months.
With this investment, Snapdeal has raised around $1 billion this calendar year.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a meeting with CEO of SoftBank Corporation, Masayoshi Son, in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
The Delhi-headquartered online retailer which was founded by Wharton graduate Kunal Bahl and IIT Delhi alumnus Rohit Bansal in 2010, received $133.7 million in February from investors led by Chinese e-commerce company eBay and $105 million in May from a group of investors, including IT billionaire Azim Premji's family office Premji Invest.
The company has also got investment backing from Tata group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata. Besides SoftBank, a few existing investors participated in the latest fund raising in Snapdeal.
The online marketplace claims to have 25 million users and 50,000 sellers on its platform.
Through this strategic investment and partnership with Snapdeal, the SoftBank Group aims to further strengthen its presence in India and leverage synergies with its network of Internet companies around the world, Snapdeal said in a statement.
 
Consequent to the strategic investment by SoftBank, its vice-chairman Nikesh Arora will join the board of Snapdeal.
This substantial investment is a major highlight of the SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son's meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday. Son announced a $10 billion investment in Indian internet, telecommunication and aviation companies.
"We believe India is at a turning point in its development and have confidence that India will grow strongly over the next decade. As part of this belief, we intend to deploy significant capital in India over the next few years to support the development of the market," Son said in a statement in Bangalore.
Nikesh Arora, SoftBank Corp vice-chairman and CEO of SIMI, said, "India has the third-largest Internet user base in the world, but a relatively small online market currently. This situation means India has, with better, faster and cheaper Internet access, a big growth potential."
SoftBank has now become the lead investor in $210 million (Rs 1289 crore) fund raising by another internet firm Bangalore-based Ola, the company said on Tuesday.
Its investment in Snapdeal comes four months after its rival, Bangalore-based Flipkart, raised $1 billion from a clutch of investors including Singapore government's sovereign wealth fund, besides existing PE firms such as Accel Partners that took its valuation to $7 billion (Rs 42,000 crore).
Homegrown e-commerce firms Flipkart and Snapdeal are facing intense competition from global major Amazon, which had announced $2 billion investment to ramp up business in India.
SoftBank, has hit a jackpot with Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba as its 32% stake is currently valued $60 billion. It now looks to cash in on increasing online retail in India through investments in a host of emerging internet companies in the country.
Kunal Bahl, co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal, said that with the support of Softbank, the company is confident of further strengthening "our promise to consumers and create life changing experiences for 1 million small businesses in India."
Earlier this year, Snapdeal had raised $133.77 million in a round led by eBay and $105 million from institutional investors, including Temasek, Myriad, Tybourne, Blackrock Inc. and Premji Invest.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion by 2020. Another report by consultancy firm PwC and industry body Assocham suggests that e-commerce firms are expected to spend up to $1.9 billion by 2017-2020 on infrastructure, logistics and warehousing.

New poll says that 75 percent of Americans feel they are being roadblocked from rising living standards by housing costs and health care.
Lafarge  Holcim Notify Proposed Merger to EUYou are here: Home Corporates
Lafarge, Holcim Notify European Commission About Proposed Merger
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 28, 2014 21:53 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
London: Aiming to complete their mega merger to create world's largest building material company in the first half of next year, Lafarge and Holcim have formally notified the European Commission about the amalgamation plan for regulatory approval.
"With this notification, Holcim and Lafarge have now completed all necessary notifications with the regulatory authorities worldwide," Holcim said in a release on Tuesday.
Holcim has a majority stake in two leading major Indian cement firms - ACC Ltd and Ambuja Cements. Lafarge has eight million tonnes capacity in India.
The two, however, slightly amended their proposed assets disinvestment plan in Europe in their notification to European Commission from what was stated during the "constructive" pre-notification discussions.
"Compared with the list of assets presented on July 7, 2014, the two companies now propose: to retain Lafarge's Mannersdorf plant located in Austria and to divest all of Holcim's operations in Slovakia," it said.
In the rest of the world, the proposed list of assets remains the same, with the exception of the Philippines, as announced by the boards of directors of Lafarge Republic Inc and of Holcim Philippines Inc.
"In parallel to the regulatory process, Holcim and Lafarge are in ongoing negotiations with potential buyers of the assets that are proposed for divestment," it said.
The divestment process would be carried out in the framework of the relevant social processes and ongoing dialogue with the employee representatives' bodies.
"The closing of the planned merger is expected in H1 2015, with the aim of creating the most balanced and diversified portfolio in the industry, operating in 90 countries and creating superior value for its stakeholders and customers."
Story first published on: October 28, 2014 20:57 (IST)

NRI Investors Sue ICICI Venture Over LossesYou are here: Home Corporates
NRI Investors Sue ICICI Venture Over Losses
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 09:49 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
A group of 69 non-resident Indian (NRI) investors said on Tuesday they had sued ICICI Venture at the Supreme Court in Mauritius seeking to obtain $103 million (Rs 623 crore at $1 = Rs 61) in damages over alleged losses on their investments in a property fund run by the private equity firm.
ICICI Venture, a unit of India's biggest private sector lender ICICI Bank Ltd with more than $2.5 billion (Rs 15,200 crore),  in assets under management, dismissed the allegations as "totally baseless" and added it would "take necessary steps" to respond to the legal proceedings.
The investors said in a statement they had suffered "huge losses" on their investments in the Dynamic India Fund III run by ICICI Venture, saying only one of its 13 projects in India had been completed as of March, nine years after the fund was incorporated in Mauritius.
The investors added the fund had "invested in real estate projects that flopped miserably, instead of world class ones as the marketing teams promised."
The group, which filed its lawsuit in July, further accused the fund of engaging in "total neglect of due diligence," of under-estimating cost and completion time of projects, and of also engaging in "overt manipulation of the finances" to escalate costs.
Besides ICICI Venture, the group also sued ICICI Bank, the Dynamic India III fund trustee Western India Trustee and Executor Co Ltd, as well as the administrator of the fund, International Financial Services Ltd.
ICICI Venture denied the allegations, noting it had extended the lifespan of the Dynamic India Fund III by three years, and had offered investors a cash exit option that was "in line with global best practices."
"The allegations levelled by a set of investors, constituting only 12 per cent of the investors in the concerned funds, are totally baseless, not supported by facts and are malicious," ICICI Venture said in a statement.
"It is common knowledge that globally PE (private equity) as an asset class does not guarantee returns given the equity risks involved. Also, projects in real estate have a long gestation period and hence the returns accrue over a period of time," it said.
The other companies named in the suit could not immediately be reached for comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Feds Sue AT&T for  Unfair  Data Throttling
Govt panel to assess value of coal blocksGovt panel to assess value of coal blocks
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 23:22 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:45 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The government has formed a committee under former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to assess compensation to be paid for taking over the coal mines that were running or ready for operations.
The committee, which will comprise officials of the ministries of coal, power, finance and law, will submit its recommendations by November 10, sources close to the development said. The committee has also been authorised to engage experts/ consultants for valuation of running coal mines.
The Supreme Court had on September 24 cancelled allocation of 204 coal blocks to various companies between 1993 and 2009.
Out of these, 37 are running coal mines and another five are ready to produce by April. Unlike others, their cancellation is to take effect from April 2015.
Sources said the committee has been asked to value assets of each of these 42 coal blocks for mining infrastructure such as tangible assets used for coal mining operations, fixed installations and land.
“The committee shall recommend the value of the assets to be paid for acquisition,” one of the source said.
Also, the panel would carry out assessment of the liabilities associated with the operations of the mine.
Sources said the government wants to clear all roadblocks and meet conditions for the new owner of the mines, which will be decided through an e-auction, to takeover operations of the 42 mines from April next year.
Keen to avoid any supply disruption, the government on October 21 promulgated an ordinance to revert half of these 42 mines to the government entities that were the original allottees.
The remaining 21 will be put on auction in the first phase of bidding that will be open for end users in the power, cement and steel sectors.
If the winner of any of these 21 mines is different than the one already operating, the existing owner will be paid compensation before operations are handed over, sources said.
 

Jubilant Life sciences eyes growth in Q4Jubilant Life sciences eyes growth in Q4
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 23:18 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:21 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
Jubilant Life Sciences Ltd said on Tuesday that it expects to deliver stable performance in fourth quarter of 2014-15, buoyed by better operating conditions in contract manufacturing organisation (CMO) business.
The company’s consolidated revenue for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 was Rs1,371 crore. Revenues from pharmaceuticals was Rs614 crore, and life science ingredients segment was Rs757 crore, up 2% over last year. International revenues, at Rs955 crore, contributed 70% to the overall mix.
Shyam S Bhartia, chairman & managing director and Hari S Bhartia, co-chairman & managing director, Jubilant Life Sciences said in a statement: “The company’s performance in the (second) quarter was affected mainly due to the continued impact of USFDA warning letter on Spokane facility and adverse price impact on account of new capacities and regulatory changes in China in advanced intermediates business. Our radiopharmaceuticals business has started to show the benefits of our strategic initiatives.”

Rupee slips 2 paise vs dollar at 61.32 in dull tradeRupee slips 2 paise vs dollar at 61.32 in dull trade
PTI  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 10:12 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:45 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The rupee on Tuesday slipped further by two paise to close at 61.32 against the US dollar due to some demand for the American unit in a lacklustre trade.
There was some dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, as brent crude for December delivery was trading low near $85 in morning deals, traders said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced slightly lower at 61.33 and touched a low of 61.41 in mid-session due to profit-booking in local equities.
However, later it bounced back to a high of 61.2950 before concluding at 61.32 on fag-end rise on local bourses and stray dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, exhibiting a fall of 2 paise or 0.03%.
On Monday, it was down by 3 paise or 0.05%.
"Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80," Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said.
The BSE benchmark index Sensex on Tuesday recovered by 128 points while FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $10.61 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.04% against a basket of six major currencies ahead of outcome of US Fed's monetary policy review on Wednesday.

NRI group sues ICICI for $103 mn in Mauritius for investment lossesNRI group sues ICICI for $103 mn in Mauritius for investment losses
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 28, 2014
First Published: 23:37 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:40 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
A group of 69 non-resident Indian investors out of about 500, most from the Gulf countries, has dragged ICICI Bank and ICICI Venture, Dynamic India Fund III among other associated companies to the Mauritius Supreme Court, alleging huge losses in their investments made in a real estate fund. The group is claiming damages worth $103 million.
The Dynamic India Fund III was set up as a special purpose vehicle for overseas investors to invest through India Advantage Fund III in the domestic real estate market. The 69 petitioners invested around $35 million in the fund. The petitioners have alleged that the fund, promoted by ICICI Ventures and ICICI Bank, invested in 13 projects in India and even after completion of nine years of the investments, none of them were completed except for one.
“It is a classic case of total neglect of due diligence, research of suitability taking into account of exit term, outrageous underestimation of cost and completion, alleged negligence and overt manipulation of the finances for escalating costs and serious blunders in judgment of selection of projects,” the petitioners said.
ICICI Ventures said the allegations levelled were totally “baseless” and “malicious,” and the company will take necessary steps based on legal advice.
“ICICI Venture manages assets of over $2.5 billion and has delivered returns to investors across various private equity funds. It is common knowledge that globally PE as an asset class doesn’t guarantee returns given the equity risks involved. Also, realty projects have a long gestation period,” it said.
It has extended the fund’s life by three years and offered investors cash exit option, ICICI Ventures said.

Holding co for all PSUs soon  to report to PMOHolding co for all PSUs soon, to report to PMO
M Rajendran , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 23:43 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:47 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
The Narendra Modi-led government plans to give more administrative and financial powers to the top management of central public sector undertakings (CPSUs) in order to reduce political interference and bring in accountability.
This has been suggested in a draft note on CPSU restructuring floated by the ministry for heavy industries and public enterprises. Also on the cards is a single holding company for all CPSUs that would report directly to the Prime Minister’s Office.
“At present, there is a lack of ownership (neither the board nor the holding ministry has the power to take important decisions independently), which leaves scope for formal and informal interference,” said a senior official at the ministry.
The note also suggested a long and uninterrupted tenure for the top executive, separation of ownership and management, enhanced investment limits and financial autonomy.
Oil PSUs had sought more autonomy since its absence  hindered their efforts to acquire oil-fields abroad. Moreover, major telecom, power and banking PSUs are currently functioning without CMDs, hampering performance.
In 2011, the SK Roongta Com­mit­tee had suggested listing 50 CPSUs by 2016, but no decision was taken. “Some of the Roongta panel findings are progressive, but challenging,” said UD Choubey, director-general, Standing Conference of Public Enterprises, the apex body of PSUs. He feels all stakeholders involved should hold a series of discussions to empower CPSU’s before they are taken public.
 

Kisan Vikas Patra poised to return soonKisan Vikas Patra poised to return soon
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 28, 2014
First Published: 23:45 IST(28/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:47 IST(28/10/2014)
Comments
The government is all set to relaunch the new revamped Kisan Vikas Patra (KVP), a popular savings instrument for small savers, soon. Besides, it will also come up with a few more savings instruments especially meant for the girl child and the physically challenged.
KVP was a popular saving scheme that doubled the money invested in eight years and seven months. The government sold these saving bonds through post offices in the country.
The new KVP is likely to offer better returns and may be made available at various points not just post offices.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, while presenting the Union Budget, had announced the relaunch of the KVP. “I plan to reintroduce the instrument to encourage people, who may have banked and unbanked savings to invest in this instrument.”
“KVP would soon be relaunched... there would be a few more new instruments especially meant for the girl child and the physically challenged,” said a senior government official who refused to be identified.
The UPA government had discontinued the KVP in 2011 following the Shyamala Gopinath Committee report over fears of money laundering, as anyone could invest in the scheme without giving the source of income.

Sitharaman: E-comm cant be backdoor for multi-brand retailComments
Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Tuesday said e-commerce cannot be a ‘backdoor entry’ for multi-brand retail in India.
Minister of state for commerce and industry (independent charge), finance and corporate affairs, Nirmala Sitharaman with president of confederation of British Industry, Sir Michael Rake during a meeting at India House in London. (PTI Photo)
Sitharaman is on a two-day visit to London to seek investment, and interact with trade representatives, particularly the Confederation of British Industry.
She told newspersons that her ministry was looking into some complaints after Flipkart issue, but said there was no investigation as such. She said there was no movement on multi-brand retail, but added that e-commerce could not be a ‘backdoor’ for foreign companies.
Sitharaman said the government would not resort to retrospective taxation, a position that was enunciated during the finance minister’s speech. In fact, she said efforts were on to simplify tax laws to ensure ease of doing business.
Vodafone, she said, was one of the companies affected by retrospective taxation, but the courts were dealing with the issue since the concerned amendment was under litigation.
On the US reviewing Indian IPR laws, she said it could at best be a ‘pedagogic exercise’, and added that India had robust laws to deal with such issues. “We stand our ground,” she said.

India s Plan to Grant New Bank Licences Poses Risks: S&PIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Mumbai: India's plan to grant new banking licences to companies could increase risks in the banking sector given the chance that new entrants could be lax about loan standards, Standard & Poor's said in a report on Tuesday.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is cautiously opening up the country's banking sector to companies. It awarded two new licences in April after a gap of 10 years in a country where only one household in two has access to formal banking services.
The RBI will come out with a fresh set of guidelines for companies applying for on-tap bank licences, or rolling applications that are assessed as they come, in the current fiscal year ending March.
"The sector's stability or risk appetite could be hit if any of the new players relax their underwriting standards or undercut prices to gain market share," the rating agency said.
S&P also highlighted the risks from a prolonged weakness in Indian banks' asset quality, which could hurt economic recovery. It said it expects gross non-performing loans to rise to 4.5 per cent by the end of March 2015 from 4 per cent in the previous year.
However, Indian banks fare better on potential economic risks compared with Brazil and China due to a conservative apex bank, stringent capital regulations under Basel III, and moderate inflation-adjusted real estate prices, S&P said.
The rating agency recently upgraded the outlook for India's 'BBB-minus' rating to 'stable' from 'negative', citing the prospect of government reforms. ( Read full story )
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Aid Groups Plead for Donations for Ebola Orphans
India drops to 142 in Doing Business rankingIndia drops to 142 in Doing Business ranking
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:01 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:20 IST(29/10/2014)
Comments
With India ranked 142nd in the new Doing Business report released on Tuesday, foreign investors are likely to need more than just an invitation to come and Make in India.
Just ahead of the troubled Palestinian West Bank and Gaza, India has slipped a couple of positions, and continues to languish among the world’s worst.
Singapore topped the ranking, done every year by the World Bank Group, with New Zealand, South Korea, United States, United Kingdom and Australia finishing in the first 10.
China topped India’s neighbourhood at 90, followed by Sri Lanka at 99, Nepal at 108, Bhutan at 125, Pakistan at 128, Bangladesh at 173 and Afghanistan at 193.
That’s out of a total of 189 economies.
But India did move the needle a bit.
It made starting a business easier by reducing the registration fee considerably, but, the report added, it also made it difficult at the same by demanding a declaration.
Getting a power connection became cheaper in the country’s two largest cities Delhi and Mumbai by slashing the amount required as security deposit.
Bolstering protection of minority investors by bringing in more transparency to the boardroom, and bringing additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies.
In fact, India ranked an impressive 7th worldwide in protections for minority investors. The other parameter on which India did well was on getting credit, coming in 36th.
India has had a testy relationship with Doing Business reports, questioning their credibility and their dismal findings, but also keeping them in the rearview mirror at all times.
Kaushik Basu, former prime minister Manmohan Singh’s chief economic adviser, admitted as much in his foreword for the report, as the bank’s chief economist now.
“I used, criticized, valued and debated the Doing Business report,,” Basu wrote, about his reaction to the report as a consumer. He in now on the manufacturing side.
He did not elaborate on possible impact of the report on decision making in the Indian government, but it is clearly, in his words, “valued” by some including chief economic advisors.
Much remains to be fixed. Getting power connection for a new business, for instance, takes 105 days, more than three times the Singapore average of 31 days.
It takes 47 days to register a property in India compared to 4.5 days in Singapore. And if things soured, resolving insolvency can take 4.3 years in India to 0.8 in the island nation.
Singapore may be an unfair comparison, for reasons of size. But West Bank and Gaza are hardly the kind of benchmarks to inspire a country of out-sized ambition such as India.

No ordinary crime: what s behind Trilokpuri riotsprint
The one and the only time I have ever been to Trilokpuri was in 2001. I was on a late night shift and had opted for office transport. After dropping my colleague in Mayur Vihar Phase 3, the driver decided to take a shortcut via Trilokpuri to my place. "Yeh khatarnak jagah hai. Kuch bhi ho sakta hain," I remember Ramesh telling me that night.
A burnt Tato Nano car is seen after the communal riots in Trilokpuri in East Delhi. (HT Photo/Virendra
Singh Gosain)
I was new to Delhi at that time, but I was aware of Trilokpuri's tumultuous past : Around 350 Sikhs were reportedly killed here in 1984 riots, and it was still considered an unsafe area.
A congested and haphazardly built locality (many of the houses were half-built), Trilokpuri looked like a neighbourhood that was straddling between two worlds: the rural and urban. I think the locality's character is still the same. Trilokpuri may have urban civic amenities like electricity and piped water, but the locality remains at the social and economic fringe of the metropolis.
On Diwali night, Trilokpuri erupted once again. While there is no definitive answer to what led to the flare-up between the Hindus and Muslims, several reasons have been doing the rounds in the media since the news broke: Muslims objected to loudspeakers being played at Mata ki Chowki which is next to a mosque; the riots were a "pre-planned" act; the Delhi Police's inaction allowed a minor incident to take such ugly proportions, and there was a political design behind the flare-up. In fact, AAP has demanded that the police should probe the role of former BJP MLA Sunil Kumar Vaidya in the incident, since there are "credible reports" that he had convened a meeting on Diwali night and trouble started only after that. Then there is of course the role of rumours in instigating and fuelling riots.
All the reasons mentioned above could be credible ones but I think it's time we should stop seeing riots as a simple law and order problem. Instead, authorities should go beyond a specific event and try to identify the deeper causes that lead to such conflagrations. There could be several such causes: discrimination, poverty, high unemployment, poor schools, poor healthcare, housing inadequacy and police brutality and bias. I am quite sure that several of these--if not all--are also present in Trilokpuri and many of youngsters who came out to participate were angry about their present social and economic status and uncertain futures.
After the 2011 race riots in Britain, the London School of Economics and the Guardian did a full scale study--Reading the Riots--of the flare up and their aftermath. Several of the 'conditions' that lead to riots are could be true for India too: Take for example, the relation between certain (especially poor) communities and the police: in the race-riot areas in Britain, researchers found out that there was anger and frustration at the people's everyday treatment of police. In Trilokpuri, many parents claimed that they took part in the violence to save their sons from police brutality.
Second, the evidence gathered by the study suggested that rioters were generally poorer than the country at large. This holds true for most riots in India, including the recent one at Trilokpuri.
Third, rioters in Britain also identified a number of other motivating grievances from increase in tuition fees, to closure of youth services, and scrapping of the education maintenance allowance and many complained about perceived social and economic injustices. While conditions in India and Britain are vastly different, it is well documented that the lack of a credible social sector net in India and opportunities for people who don't have a certain type of background is fuelling anger among the people--and Trilokpuri could have been the latest casualty of that simmering anger.
It is always easy to blame a party or individuals for instigating riots that cause such immense social dislocation and economic losses, but we must go beyond these easy explanations and look for the deeper causes that make places like Trilokpuri a tinderbox.

Black money case: Centre submits list to SC  asked to complete probe by March 31Centre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Black money case: Income Tax department to prosecute about 300 accountholdersPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:43 pm | Updated: October 30, 2014 8:49 am
The Income Tax department is likely to initiate prosecution against close to 300 people whose names have been submitted to the Supreme Court on Wednesday  in connection with the probe into alleged black money accounts in HSBC Bank in Geneva.
Officials said the department has informed the Special Investigation Team (SIT), constituted to look into the issue, to allow it to start the “first step of prosecution” under two sections of the Income Tax Act.
Prosecution is being sought under Section 277 (false statement in verification) and 276 D (failure to produce documents) so that the department can share information with other enforcement agencies like the ED and CBI, they said.
The sources said the department has already realised Rs. 200 crore in taxes and penalties from some of these account holders who have accepted to holding these accounts abroad. There could be another Rs.200 crore to Rs.300 crore in taxes and penalties that could be realised from the others, they said.
“The list of 627 Indians submitted to the apex court today has close to 300 people against whom prosecution action can be launched soon. Basic prosecution, at least under select sections of the I-T Act. While some 120 cases are already under prosecution these fresh individuals and entities can also be booked based on prima facie evidence gathered by tax sleuths,” sources said.
They said this will enable the SIT to hand over some vital information to agencies like Enforcement Directorate and CBI who could take action under their mandates and the laws that they enforce.
International and bilateral treaties allow a member nation to share such information obtained by one agency with others only at the stage of prosecution or when the matter is in the purview of courts of the land.
“The SIT has agreed to this and we expect to file new prosecutions sooner than later. In these 300 cases the I-T department has some evidence,” they said.
Officials said these cases pertain to the years 1999-2000 and they will get “time barred” by March 2015 and, hence, there is “no time to loose” for the authorities.
Sources privy to the contents of these lists said there are a number of “established” cases where the foreign account is genuine and has been reflected in tax statements filed by the individual or entity.

Its an utterly  butterly turf war as Amul enters UPComments
Uttar Pradesh is all set to witness a ‘milk war’ with the state’s homegrown dairy leader Parag getting ready to take on the Gujarat-based giant Amul.
The Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation Ltd, which manages the Amul brand of products, will set up four modern milk processing plants following a personal invite by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.
The state brand Parag is also run by a cooperative, the Pradesh Cooperative Dairy Federation.
A senior official in the state dairy development department said that Uttar Pradesh has achieved its potential “despite being the biggest producer of milk in the country and home to the largest number of cattle”.
Parag is expected to face stiff competition as it produces similar products like Amul –packed liquid milk daily, milk powder, ghee, butter, curd and ice cream.
However, an official of the state cooperative said Parag was ready for the challenge.
“You will see the changes soon. We have drawn up an action plan that we are all set to roll out once it receives the nod of the state cabinet within a fortnight or so,” said the official.
Already a household name in cities, Parag has decided to expand, diversify and channelise into other areas with its own ‘melt-in-the-mouth’ array of new products.
The cooperative has drawn up a Rs. 100-crore modernisation plan including revamping existing dairy plants in Meerut and Varanasi and enhancing production capacity.
Amul, on the other hand, will set up four plants in Kanpur, Varansi and Saifai besides Lucknow.
The state government hopes that lakhs of cattle owners would reap direct benefit from these projects which will also provide direct and indirect employment to many others.
It is estimated that each milk product plant will be set up with around Rs. 150 crore and in addition to indirect employment, 20,000 new jobs will be created directly.

Long  winding path for India in tracking black money trailprint
The government's first list of black money account holders has named Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya (L), Radha Timblo (C) and Pradip Burman. (PTI and ANI photos)
The black money storm raging in India is centered on names in the so called HSBC list that the country had received from France in 2011. The story though starts in December 2008, when a systems engineer who worked at the HSBC's Geneva branch fled to France with data on nearly 25,000 bank accounts.
 
Hervé Falciani, a whistleblower now known as the 'Edward Snowden of Swiss banking', handed over the encrypted information he had been hoarding to French authorities. Based on his exposure a list of more than 125,000 potential fraudsters from around the world emerged.
 
French authorities shared the names with other countries including India. What did the others do with the names from the same "stolen" list? They certainly didn't make them public. France claims it recovered €186 million (3,000 names from the list), Spain €260 million (700 names) and UK £135 million (4,000 names).
These countries claim they are continuing to work towards recovering more money from entities on the list. But what does India have to show? No clear picture has emerged yet. The government has promised big revelations, but will it announce how much money it has recovered or is confident of being able to recover?
 
Many other questions remained unanswered in India. France said it didn't need more information from Switzerland because Falciani's data had everything they needed. So how is it that India still needs info from Switzerland even though it has names from the same list? Does it mean France did not share all the data? It's not clear exactly how many names were there on the original list. If there were 800 names in the original list as reported and 627 names have been submitted to the Supreme Court, what has happened to the rest? Were those names cleared?
None of the other countries that had a share of the HSBC list saw such a passionate public demand to name and shame. The focus there was firmly set on the investigation and judicial processes, but in India there is a clamour see names come out into the open. This seems to be driven by the desire to expose the nexus between politicians, officials and big business.
 
The Supreme Court ruled that only the special investigation team (SIT) chairperson and vice chairperson can open the sealed envelope containing names of account holders. India maybe under legal obligation to not make the names public but at the same time the government's allegiance to the judicial system obliges it to create the right conditions to bring offenders to book. Lack of progress in investigation raises suspicions and justifies public demand for increased transparency.
The sensationalism around black money eclipses the more important need for a greater understanding of the mechanics of tax evasion and money laundering. Public opinion can only press the government for effective and long-term action if there's more sombre analysis rather than heated headlines followed by long spells of public amnesia.
 
There are three simple and obvious things to remember. The burden of proof is on India so if India's own investigation is rock solid, tax havens and banking secrecy jurisdictions will be under tremendous pressure, if not obligation, to cooperate. Forging strong bilateral and multilateral treaties are the only way to open up channels of information and to escape traps set by such jurisdictions. And the most important: time lost is money lost.
Public frustration with the idea of vast sums draining to offshore accounts should lead to more than just an appetite for a spectacle. The dragging of offenders into the public eye can only bring short lived and misplaced gratification.
It is not clear what important revelations the government plans to make over the next few days. But it could start by announcing what steps are being taken to implement the new global automatic information exchange system that India, as part of G-20 nations, had committed to in 2013.
(The writer is a Paris-based independent journalist. The views expressed are personal.)

I may never play for India again: Yuvraj SinghCancer
(After successfully fighting…)
NEW DELHI: Yuvraj Singh says the thought of not being able to play for India again has crossed his mind and added that it will be very depressing if he fails to make a comeback into the Indian cricket team.
After successfully fighting the dreaded disease of cancer , Yuvraj made a brief return to the Indian team when he played Twenty20 matches, but he has been a pale shadow of himself on his comeback trail.
He last played for India in a One-day match in December 2013.
"Definitely, a comeback to the Indian team is a goal.... It's always disappointing when you don't make it to the side. But, that said, the last two years have been patchy, up and down. So it's not my call whether I should be picked. Hopefully things will change, and I will be picked again, otherwise life will be very depressing. I can only try and do my best," the left-handed batsman told 'Wisden India'.
Asked if the thought of not being picked for India again ever crossed his mind, Yuvraj responded in positive.
"Of course, there is a possibility that I may never play for India again. I have considered that. But there is also the possibility that I might play for India again, and as long as I believe that I can come back and I have it in me, I'm going to keep pushing myself," he said.
Star of India's many a victories, Yuvraj said he along with other sidelined and struggling players such as Harbhajan Singh , Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir often talk about the good days.
"We always talk about the time we spent playing for India. We all know that those were the most amazing years of our lives. But, life still goes on, even when you're not in the team. You just have to be positive and keep working hard."
Yuvraj did not do much to stake claim in the national team but he has still not given up.
"I can't really speak about selection. What is the best opportunity that I have? Duleep Trophy, the Ranji one-dayers and whatever other games I can get. As I said, if I can make it to the squad, it will be a great story. It will be awesome to come back and play for India in a World Cup again. If it doesn't happen, life goes on, and it will be hard to accept, but I'll have to accept it," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After meeting with CM Siddaramaiah  govt doctors agree to end two-daystrikePrint
Doctors, working in government hospitals, showing their resignation letters during a protest at freedom park in Bengaluru on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: October 29, 2014 8:17 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:21 pm
Over 4000 government doctors in Karnataka who had embarked on a resignation spree demanding better pay and designations called off their two-day-old strike on Wednesday following a meeting of representatives of the Karnataka State Government Medical Officers Association with chief minister Siddaramaiah.
As many as 900 doctors were reported to have resigned since the protests began. Essential services in government healthcare facilities were however not adversely affected since the government managed to make temporary alternate arrangements.
The KSGMOA on Wednesday claimed to have achieved a breakthrough in the deadlock with the government following a meeting with Chief Minister Siddaramiah where doctors were assured that their demands would be met, a KSGMOA official said.
“Our demand was for the state government to accept our demands in writing. Chief Minister Siddaramiah has assured that the demands would be met so we are withdrawing our protest and seeking an apology from the public for inconveniences,” KSGMOA president Veerabhadraiah said.
Doctors allied with the KSGMOA launched a protest on Monday demanding wage hikes and re-classification of designations of some doctors. Despite the Karnataka minister for health and family welfare U T Khader stating that the government was willing to hike wages the doctors submitted their resignations to the health minister on Monday and went on a strike.
To counter the strike, the state health department deployed staff from medical colleges, public and private hospitals at government hospitals resulting in a minimal impact from the strike.
“We had no issues is dealing with the strike but in one case a government doctor in Chitradurga was given a showcause notice for turning away a maternity patient. Another similar case in Kolar is being investigated and action will be taken if staff is neglected patients,” U T Khader said.
The minister, however, said that though the doctors had withdrawn their protest, the health department will ask each of the doctors who resigned if they are interested in continuing with the government or not.
“They have to provide answers to the show cause notices issued  to them for denying medical services to poor patients otherwise they must reveal the names of those who coerced them to resign. Blackmailing the government is high-handedness and we want to remove all elements who were involved in it,” Khader said.
The minister said that many of the doctors had resigned under duress.

Spooked by economic impact  Kerala to go slow on flex boardbanChandy had kicked off the campaign against flex boards by tearing away a board with his image
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 29, 2014 8:08 pm
Looking at huge loss of jobs and multi-crore investments going waste, the Kerala government on Wednesday said it would enforce the ban on flex boards in a phased manner.
Earlier this month, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had declared a complete ban on flex boards in a single sweep among steps to contain the plastic menace.  Chandy had kicked off the campaign against flex boards by tearing away a board with his image.
A month into the drive, the government was seized off the practical difficulties in ushering a flex board-free world in one go. The entrepreneurs in flex manufacturing and hoarding industry had raised concerns about the knee-jerk decision of the government which synched with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swacch Bharat Mission. But it was after the ban that the government appointed a cabinet sub-committee to study whether there should be a total ban or not.
On Wednesday, Chandy said his government would consider the concern of investors and employees in the sector. Hence, the flex ban would be introduced in a phased manner. “There should be strict restrictions about installing flex boards in public places. The local bodies should remove all illegally erected boards. The government departments would not go for flex boards in promoting events,” said Chandy.
The All Kerala Sign Printers’ Association said the state has 1,800 units engaged in flex printing. “Even a small unit would require investment of Rs 30 lakh in machinery alone.  There are units which have equipment worth Rs 1.50 crore.  From 10 to 40 persons are employed in units depending upon the size,” said C Sreeni, the association spokesperson in Kochi .
He said a major chunk of the employees and investors are youngsters since the industry has boomed only in the recent years. “We are against defacing public places. But the flex boards should not be viewed from that point alone as the sector is an integral part of outdoor publicity.”
He said investors are worried about the unexpected decision, which would make hundreds of youths jobless and risk investment.
Flex boards have virtually defaced public places in Kerala. It has been a fashion for political leaders and organisations to raise flex boards; most of them appreciating themselves for some decisions or local projects.
Even a small unit would require investment of Rs 30 lakh in machinery alone.

Mamata Banerjee plans to turn Sybderbans into world-class touristdestinationThe West Bengal govt is planning to make Sunderbans a highly scintillating sea beach with all the characteristic features like resorts and river cruises. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:58 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 10:48 pm
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has now turned to Sunderbans, to make it a world-class tourist destination and as a first step she has chosen Sagar Islands, the entry point to Sunderbans, to make it a highly scintillating sea beach with all the characteristic features like resorts and river cruises.
Mamata is going to Sagar Island on Thursday on a two-day visit with a delegation of 12 industrialists of Kolkata and top officials of the state government before whom the prospect of Sunderbans as a major tourist hub will be projected. The officials who will be part of her entourage include chief secretary Sanjay Mitra, Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee, tourism secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan, forest secretary Chandan Sinha and transport secretary Alapan Bandopadhyay.
The idea behind this is to attract the industrialists to invest in fields like infrastructural development and tourism in the area.
Among her programmes, apart from the series of meetings with the industrialists where the potential of Sunderbans will be projected, the Chief Minister will also inaugurate 20 high-end cottages on Sagar beach and will lay the foundation stone of a 50-room bungalow for budget tourists.
As a sequel to Thursday’s visit, on December 7 the Chief Minister will go further deep into the Sunderbans area and will visit Jharkhali where too she will make an assessment of the tourist potential of the area.
“Basically what we are trying to do is an image-makeover of the Sagar Islands which was known only for pilgrimage. Now we are aiming at making it not only a pilgrim centre but convert the sea beaches into world class ones with all the necessary features, cruise, boat rides, I mean whatever you get at a modern sea beach like Goa. Second, there are the islands like Bakhkhali, Frasergunj, Henri Islands etc which will be well connected with speed boats, the jettys will be developed, jungle safaris will be arranged, the islands will be developed and modern, state-of-the-art cottages will be built, without in any way geopardising environment. And many of these things will be done on a public-private partnership basis for which we are going to appoint consultants soon,” Principal Secretary, tourism, Ajit Ranjan Bardhan, told The Indian Express.
In order to rope in local people in its schemes so that employments can be generated, the state government will encourage home tourism, an idea which is popular in many hill stations. “If villagers can be roped in to keep tourists in their households we can offer to build toilets,” Bardhan further said.
Sanjay Budhia, one of the industrialists who is accompanying the chief minister, says he is quite excited as he had never been to Sagar before. “You know, they say, seeing is believing. And it is after I see that I will be able to understand what potential Sunderbans has got. I am continued…

Government Raises Wheat Support Price for 2015 by 3.6 Per CentYou are here: Home Economy
Government Raises Wheat Support Price for 2015 by 3.6 Per Cent
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 21:10 (IST)
Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The government has raised the price it will pay to buy new-season wheat from local farmers to Rs 1,450 per 100 kg, up 3.57 per cent, increasing the incentive to plant the crop even though supply has exceeded demand for eight years.
India, also the world's second-biggest wheat consumer, sets a price each year at which it buys grains from domestic farmers to sell ultra-cheap food to the poor, to protect growers from distress sale and to cover emergency needs.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Wall Street Opens Flat Ahead of Fed StatementYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Opens Flat Ahead of Fed Statement
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 19:13 (IST)
New York: US stocks opened little changed on Wednesday, following a rally in the previous session, ahead of a statement from the Federal Reserve as it winds down its stimulus program.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 20.58 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 17,026.33.
The S&P 500 gained 0.25 points, or 0.01 per cent, to 1,985.3.
The Nasdaq Composite dropped 14.57 points, or 0.32 per cent, to 4,549.72.
Energy sector shares led gains on the S&P 500, tracking a 1 per cent advance in crude oil futures prices. The Nasdaq was weighed by a 6.2 per cent drop in Facebook shares.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Oil Rises to $87 a BarrelYou are here: Home Industries
Oil Rises to $87 a Barrel Ahead of Fed Statement
Reuters | Updated On: October 29, 2014 18:38 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
London: Brent crude oil rose to $87 per barrel on Wednesday as traders anticipated that the Federal Reserve would keep US interest rates low, putting pressure on the dollar.
The US central bank is widely expected to end its two-year-old bond-buying stimulus programme, but to reiterate a cautious stance on raising rates, when it issues a statement at 1800 GMT (11:30 p.m. in India).
"We're likely to see a slightly weaker dollar today, if the Fed is as dovish as expected, and that will support oil prices in the short term," said Michael Hewson, chief analyst at CMC Markets in London.
A weaker greenback makes it easier for global consumers to buy dollar-denominated commodities such as oil, boosting demand.
Brent crude for December was up 95 cents at $86.98 a barrel by 1125 GMT (4:55 p.m. in India), after touching a high above $87. Front-month US crude was up 75 cents at $82.17 a barrel.
Prices also gained support from buoyant stock markets in Europe and Asia, after US stocks ended more than 1 per cent higher on Tuesday.
US consumer confidence rose in October to its highest since October 2007 as views on the job market improved, according to a private-sector report released on Tuesday.
OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said on Wednesday that the cartel does not have a price target and that there is no need to panic at falling prices.
"The fundamentals do not reflect this low price," Mr Badri said at the annual Oil & Money conference in London.
He also predicted that US tight oil production would slow, and that OPEC should be ready to produce 40 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude by 2020.
OPEC now has a production target of 30 million bpd and Badri suggested last month that this should be cut to around 29.5 million bpd.
US stocks of gasoline and distillates fell by 3.7 million barrels and 3 million barrels respectively, three times more than analysts' expectations, data from industry group American Petroleum Institute (API) showed on Tuesday.
US crude inventories rose 3.2 million barrels last week, slightly below analysts' expectation of a 3.4-million-barrel increase.
Crude inventories have risen for the past three weeks, typical in the approach to winter, when demand increases.
US oil refining capacity is forecast to increase this week due to a reduction in planned outages as the maintenance season draws to a close, data from research company IIR showed.
Investors awaited data on oil stocks from the US government's Energy Information Administration at 1430 GMT (8:00 p.m. in India).
Several major banks have cut their price forecasts for Brent and US crude next year in the past two weeks, but weeks of losses have brought prices into the range of these revised forecasts.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Rico Petrocell / used with permissionEmail
Rico Petrocelli
A Florida man broke records Wednesday for ordering the biggest and most expensive Starbucks drink: a 101 shot "Mega" latte worth $83.75.
William Lewis
He brought his own mug too, a 160-ounce novelty cup he bought online as a gag. Into it went a grande latte, 99 more shots of espresso and 17 pumps of vanilla syrup.
"It's an internet challenge," said William Lewis, a political and business consultant and talk show host, "I wanted to beat out the record."
The drink exceeds previously reported records. In July a man in West Virginia had a $71.35 Starbucks drink served to him in a cooler. A few weeks before, a Florida medical student had a 60-shot frappuccino worth $60.58 served to her in a jug with a spigot .
It was all for the LOL's, said Rico Petrocelli, who is running for City Council and shared the cup of coffee outside the store along with long-time friend William, and three other men. That's about 32 ounces per man, a little more than the Starbuck's 31 oz Trenta size. The giant gag cup was poured into normal-sized Starbucks cups for each to drink from.
"It's like pulling up to McDonald's drive-thru and saying, 'give me 600 hamburgers,'" said Petrocelli, a long-time friend of Lewis's.
William Lewis
Lewis routinely entertains his Facebook fans with posts about his morning coffee, usually a six-shot Venti, four-pump Vanilla, one-pump Mocha, extra-hot, extra-fat, upside down latte from Starbucks, and his adventures in "extreme couponing." This combined both pastimes, with the drink as his complimentary beverage on his Starbucks MyRewards loyalty card that grants a free drink of the customer's choice after 12 drinks.
"I game the system," said Lewis.
But this escapade tops his previous caffeinated antics. "This is the apex of his Starbucks career," said Petrocelli.
By rough calculations, this morning's brew contained about 7,500 milligrams of caffeine.
"I advised him not to drink it," said Danielle Strachan, the Starbucks barista who served him the mammoth beverage even though she was worried about getting in trouble for doing so.
Starbucks spokesperson Linda Mills said the policy for the chain, the majority of whose U.S. stores are company-owned, is that its hot beverages can't be served larger than a 20 ounce Venti size.
Lewis's beverage, "is naturally against our policy," she said. As for drinking the gargantuan coffee itself, she said, "We wouldn't recommend it."
Lewis said he was drawn to test the system in part because he feels the 31 oz maximum drink policy "smacks in the face" of the store's other policy of fulfilling any customization customers request. Starbucks spokesperson Mills said that while the chain encourages customers to have fun with their free Starbucks Rewards beverages, like "looking for extra sauces," the chain has to make sure beverages are within the size guidelines, "to protect the product integrity and also to protect the safety of our customers."
Lewis is just revved up that he gets to post about his lark to his fans on social media. 
"It's my daily buzz," said Lewis. "You always want to do it bigger and better."
Tags:

Man Busts Record with Colossal Starbucks DrinkEmail
Rico Petrocelli
A Florida man broke records Wednesday for ordering the biggest and most expensive Starbucks drink: a 101 shot "Mega" latte worth $83.75.
William Lewis
He brought his own mug too, a 160-ounce novelty cup he bought online as a gag. Into it went a grande latte, 99 more shots of espresso and 17 pumps of vanilla syrup.
"It's an internet challenge," said William Lewis, a political and business consultant and talk show host, "I wanted to beat out the record."
The drink exceeds previously reported records. In July a man in West Virginia had a $71.35 Starbucks drink served to him in a cooler. A few weeks before, a Florida medical student had a 60-shot frappuccino worth $60.58 served to her in a jug with a spigot .
It was all for the LOL's, said Rico Petrocelli, who is running for City Council and shared the cup of coffee outside the store along with long-time friend William, and three other men. That's about 32 ounces per man, a little more than the Starbuck's 31 oz Trenta size. The giant gag cup was poured into normal-sized Starbucks cups for each to drink from.
"It's like pulling up to McDonald's drive-thru and saying, 'give me 600 hamburgers,'" said Petrocelli, a long-time friend of Lewis's.
William Lewis
Lewis routinely entertains his Facebook fans with posts about his morning coffee, usually a six-shot Venti, four-pump Vanilla, one-pump Mocha, extra-hot, extra-fat, upside down latte from Starbucks, and his adventures in "extreme couponing." This combined both pastimes, with the drink as his complimentary beverage on his Starbucks MyRewards loyalty card that grants a free drink of the customer's choice after 12 drinks.
"I game the system," said Lewis.
But this escapade tops his previous caffeinated antics. "This is the apex of his Starbucks career," said Petrocelli.
By rough calculations, this morning's brew contained about 7,500 milligrams of caffeine.
"I advised him not to drink it," said Danielle Strachan, the Starbucks barista who served him the mammoth beverage even though she was worried about getting in trouble for doing so.
Starbucks spokesperson Linda Mills said the policy for the chain, the majority of whose U.S. stores are company-owned, is that its hot beverages can't be served larger than a 20 ounce Venti size.
Lewis's beverage, "is naturally against our policy," she said. As for drinking the gargantuan coffee itself, she said, "We wouldn't recommend it."
Lewis said he was drawn to test the system in part because he feels the 31 oz maximum drink policy "smacks in the face" of the store's other policy of fulfilling any customization customers request. Starbucks spokesperson Mills said that while the chain encourages customers to have fun with their free Starbucks Rewards beverages, like "looking for extra sauces," the chain has to make sure beverages are within the size guidelines, "to protect the product integrity and also to protect the safety of our customers."
Lewis is just revved up that he gets to post about his lark to his fans on social media. 
"It's my daily buzz," said Lewis. "You always want to do it bigger and better."
Tags:

Goodman Found Guilty
Lenovo Yoga Pro 2 tab redefines convertibleThe convertible tablet is thin and has a light design. Additionally, its "360-Degree Flip-and-Fold Design" allows users to easily change modes from a tablet to a PC.
PHOTO: shop.lenovo.com

Microsoft Devices launches Nokia 130 in India priced at Rs 1 649E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold holds near $1 230; Fed outcome eyedGold holds near $1,230; Fed outcome eyed
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 29:  
Gold steadied near $1,230 an ounce on Wednesday, clinging to modest gains from the previous session, ahead of the next guidance from the Federal Reserve on whether it will hike US interest rates sooner or keep them lower for longer.
The Fed wraps up its two-day policy meeting later on Wednesday at which it is expected to end its bond purchases amid signs of strength in the US economy.
But policymakers will likely reinforce its stated willingness to wait longer before raising interest rates after a volatile month in financial markets.
“The potential for surprise out of the Fed tonight is probably pretty low. QE (quantitative easing) will end but I don’t think they’ll deviate from what they’ve said previously,’’ said Victor Thianpiriya, analyst at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
Keeping US interest rates lower for a longer period bodes well for a non-interest bearing asset such as gold.
Spot gold was up 0.1 per cent at $1,229.25 an ounce by 0213 GMT, after gaining 0.2 per cent on Tuesday.
US gold futures were nearly flat at $1,229.30 an ounce.
Fed monetary policy
Data released on Tuesday gives the US central bank reason to hold off from tightening its monetary policy, with demand for US-made capital goods falling the most in eight months in September.
The US housing sector also remained largely soft. The S&P/Case-Shiller composite index of home prices in 20 metropolitan areas gained 5.6 per cent in August from a year earlier, the slowest annual increase since November 2012.
But Thianpiriya said the key threat to gold is the weakness in demand from China, the world’s biggest consumer of the precious metal.
“To me the most important thing is that Chinese buyers have been absent for most of this year and that hasn’t supported the price of gold,’’ said Thianpiriya who sees gold slipping to $1,180 by December.
In 2013, China had imported a record 1,158.162 tonnes of gold from Hong Kong — the main conduit for gold into the mainland — spurred by a 28 per cent drop in global prices.
But Chinese demand has since waned with gold prices largely steady this year after recovering from 15-month lows reached in early October.
Elsewhere, Russia increased its gold reserves for a sixth straight month in September, while Azerbaijan added to its holdings for a second month, according to data from the International Monetary Fund.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Black money case: Centre gives list of 627 account holders to Supreme CourtCourt hands over sealed envelope to SIT; asks for probe status report by November 30
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
The Centre on Wednesday submitted a sealed cover to the Supreme Court containing a list of 627 Indians holding black money in bank accounts abroad along with a status report on the investigation conducted against them.
The three-judge Bench of Chief Justice HL Dattu and Justices Ranjana Desai and Madan B Lokur, which had hardened its stand on Tuesday against the Centre for non-disclosure of all names, decided not to reveal the names.
The Bench made it clear to Attorney-General Mukul Rohatgi that it did not intend to open the three envelopes submitted by him and asked the Registry to send them to the Special Investigation Team. It directed that the envelopes should be opened only by SIT Chairman Justice MB Shah and Vice-Chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat, for a further probe in respect of the 627 names.
The Bench also empowered the SIT to evolve its own procedure in accordance with law after hearing the grievances and difficulties of the Centre with regard to treaties with various countries and the submissions of petitioner Ram Jethmalani and his counsel.
Earlier Rohatgi told the court that the first document contained details of correspondence, treaties and agreements India had signed with France and other nations where the money was said to be stashed; the second contained the 627 names; and the third gave the status report on the investigation in these cases.
Rohatgi said that more than half the people in the list of 627 were Indian nationals while the rest were Non-Resident Indians. He said that most people named in the list had their accounts with HSBC Bank, Geneva.
The Attorney-General added that the details of account holders with entries dated up to 2006 were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011. He said that the information was stolen from HSBC Bank in Geneva and reached France from where the Government got the information.
The AG said the income-tax law had been amended to extend the period of limitation for launching a prosecution, and that the investigation should be completed by March 31, 2015. He said the Centre was not interested in protecting anybody and would follow the court’s orders.
When the CJI asked the AG whether the Government was pressing the application seeking modification of the orders, the AG said he was not doing so.
The Bench asked the SIT to submit a status report on the probe by November 30 and posted the matter for further hearing on December 3.
AAP’s intervention petition
Meanwhile Arvind Kejriwal of the Aam Aadmi Party, through his counsel Prashant Bhushan, filed an intervention application stating that he had personal knowledge of some of the names having black money stashed in foreign bank accounts and was also in possession of the statements made by such persons before income-tax authorities.
Bhushan told the court that at the time of raids of their premises, these persons had confessed to holding black money in foreign accounts and also disclosed the modus operandi of how the ill-gotten money was transferred from India to their foreign accounts, and further, how this money was brought back through hawala transactions.
Kejriwal said that though the Government had revealed eight names, the list did not contain the names of the three who had given statements. He said he was placing all such names/information, obtained through a whistleblower, before the court so that a thorough investigation could be ordered and effective steps taken to check such illegal transactions of black money. The Bench said it would consider the application on December 3.
PTI reports:
SIT report will be submitted on time: MB Shah
Investigations against over 600 people accused of stashing money abroad illegally are going on and a status report will be submitted on time, said MB Shah, chief of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money.
“We have already filed the first report (on black money) in August. Certainly I am hopeful about it (timely submission of the second report),” he said on Wednesday.
On a day the Attorney General submitted a list of 627 names having accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the apex court, Shah told a news channel that the list was already known to the team.
“Investigation is going on. Without investigation it is very difficult to say that a person is guilty or that person has done something wrong. A person is required to be heard first,” he said.
Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, said investigation in these cases is not easy. “It is not easy because when a department also issues a notice, it takes time. The concerned parties and assessees’ replies take time,” said the SIT chief.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Experts sound alarm as diabetes fuels cases of tuberculosisE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lenovo launches affordable 3G voice tablet at Rs 9999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft Devices offers freebies on Lumia 830 smartphoneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fed expected to end its bond buying programmeFederal Reserve set to end one crisis chapter even as global risks rise
Howard Schneider     Washington    Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 18:09 IST
US Federal Reserve
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday is expected to shutter its bond-buying programme, closing one controversial chapter in its crisis response even as it struggles to manage a full return to normal monetary policy.
The Fed is likely to announce at the end of a two-day meeting that it will no longer add to its holdings of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, halting the final $15 billion in monthly purchases under a programme that at its peak pumped $85 billion a month into the financial system.
An important symbolic step, the end of the purchases still leaves the Fed far from a normal posture. Its balance sheet has swollen to more than $4 trillion, interest rates remain at zero, and, if anything, recent events have increased the risk the US central bank may need to keep propping up the economy for longer than had been expected just a few weeks ago.
The statement the Fed will issue at 2 pm (1800 GMT) will be read carefully for signs of how weak inflation, ebbing global growth and recent financial market volatility have influenced US policymakers. There is no news conference scheduled after the meeting and no fresh economic forecasts from Fed officials.
"They are worried about the economy, the global one," and are likely to leave much of their language intact rather than signal progress towards a rate hike, Morgan Stanley analyst Vincent Reinhart wrote in a preview of the meeting.
Attention will focus on whether the Fed's statement continues to refer to "significant" slack in the US labour market, and whether it retains language indicating rates will remain low for a "considerable time," as most economists expect.
Paul Edelstein, director of financial economics at IHS Global Insight, said the Fed may also need to acknowledge the inflation outlook is weakening.
"They have been kind of wrong about inflation lately," Edelstein said. "It would behoove them to do something - signal to markets they are not going to tolerate inflation and inflation expectations persistently below 2 per cent."
Fed officials have largely stuck to forecasts that the U.S. economy will grow around 3 percent this year, with inflation poised to move gradually back to their 2 percent goal.
However, slower-than-expected global growth and falling oil prices have called that inflation outlook into question.
Investors have recently pushed their expectations for an initial rate hike back to late next year as a result, although a number of top Fed officials recently said they think the US central bank is still on track to bump up borrowing costs in mid-2015.
The Fed's third round of bond buying closes to mixed reviews. Officials argue it helped hold down long-term interest rates, keeping borrowing costs cheaper for companies and households. Others maintain it did little more than prop up stock prices.
The end of the program won't immediately lead to a decline in the Fed's bloated balance sheet.
For now, it plans to continue reinvesting the proceeds of securities that mature, part of an effort to keep many aspects of its monetary accommodation in place. As it stands, officials do not plan to allow the Fed's balance sheet to decline until after interest rates begin to rise.
(Reuters)

Duleep trophy final: Robin Bist scores gritty 79 as Central Zone crawl to 237/7 on Day 1Print
Bist, in particular, was at his delightful best against the spinners as he used his feet well. (Express photo by Amit Mehra)
By: Press Trust of India | New Dehli | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 7:00 pm
Central Zone batsmen led by Robin Bist were guilty of poor shot selection as they finished at 237 for seven against South Zone on day one of their Duleep Trophy final in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Bist wasted a chance of scoring a ton as he got out for 79 off 153 balls in an innings that lasted three and half hours and had 12 sweetly timed boundaries with a six. For South, Baba Aparajith with 2/26 had best figures while R Vinay Kumar, HS Sharath, Shreyash Gopal, Pragyan Ojha and Hanuma Vihari all got a wicket apiece.
Central got partnerships of 68, 65, 52 but most of their batsmen got out after getting set. They got a couple of bad decisions with both Anil Chaudhary and K Srinath getting it wrong on one occasion each.
Despite a liberal coating of green, the Kotla wicket displayed its typical slow nature with the batsman having little difficulty in negotiating the pace trio of R Vinay Kumar, Abhimanyu Mithun and HS Sharath.
Such was the slow nature of the pitch that Vinay deployed seven bowlers including four spinners in the first session itself.
While last match’s centurion Jalaj Saxena (2) was given dubiously caught behind off Vinay’s bowling, Bist in company of Vidarbha opener Faiz Fazal (49) negotiated the South bowlers with ease.
With no real demons in the pitch, batting became easy as the effort balls like bouncers from medium pacers were imperiously pulled.
Bist, in particular, was at his delightful best against the spinners as he used his feet well.
The diminutive right-hander lofted Pragyan Ojha for a lovely six over extra cover. While he found the gaps with ease against spinners, he rocked back to pull a Sharath short ball in-front of square. The shot off the day was a late cut by Bist off leg-spinner Shreyash Gopal.
Fazal-Bist duo added 65 runs for the second wicket before Baba Aparajith struck twin blows in the post-lunch session.
Southpaw Fazal, after doing all the hardwork, threw it away trying to cut Aparajith and offering a simple catch to Hanuma Vihari at point.
All eyes were on Naman (4) and he started off with a boundary before a moment of indiscretion cost him dearly.
Aparajith bowled a flattish delivery and Ojha just smacked it straight to Vinay at mid-off.
With Central in a spot at 94 for three, Ashok Menaria (37) joined Bist and two Rajasthan boys carried repair work adding 68 runs for the fourth wicket.
None of the South Zone bowlers could create an impact. Bist reached his 50 in due course and looked like going for a long haul infront of national selectors Vikram Rathour and Saba Karim.
At 162, South profited from Dinesh Karthik’s smart stumping off Hanuma Vihari’s bowling. Disaster struck when Mahesh Rawat (0) was adjudged caught behind off Gopal’s bowling at the stroke of tea, when it looked that he had not edged it.
Bist, who was destined to get hundred, blew it away when Ojha bowled a continued…

Lee Chong Wei to travel to Norway for follow up drug testsLee, 32, is a national icon in Malaysia and has consistently topped the world badminton rankings. (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Oslo | Posted: October 29, 2014 3:53 pm
Malaysia’s badminton world number one Lee Chong Wei, who is reported to have failed an initial doping test, will travel to Norway on Sunday for follow-up testing, media said today.
Malaysian sports officials have confirmed that one of the nation’s shuttlers failed a recent doping test but have declined to identify the athlete pending the test next week on a second urine sample.
But Malaysian media have widely reported that Lee — the country’s top sporting star — was found to have traces of the banned anti-inflammatory drug dexamethasone in his system during the world championships in Denmark in late August.
The state-linked New Straits Times said Lee has made plans to fly to Norway with a top Malaysian sports official for tests at an Oslo laboratory on a second sample provided during the tournament.
The Star newspaper said the test was set for November 5. It quoted Norza Zakaria, deputy president of the Badminton Association of Malaysia.
Norza could not immediately be reached and other officials declined comment.
Malaysian authorities were informed of the failed test on October 1 and have said they are investigating, including whether the drug was inadvertently taken as part of medical treatment.
Lee, 32, has struggled with a thigh injury, for which he received stem cell injections in July.
Lee has dominated the world rankings for years, but has notably failed to win a world championship or Olympic gold medal.
In Denmark he lost in the final to China’s Chen Long. In the Asian Games in South Korea in September, he was beaten in the semis by his longtime arch-rival Lin Dan of China.
Lee withdrew from subsequent tournaments, citing fatigue. Malaysia this week announced that Morten Frost, a four-time former All-England champion, has been hired as a national technical director starting next March to guide Malaysian badminton in a post-Lee future.
Badminton is Malaysia’s national sport, but officials are anxious at the lack of anyone of Lee’s stature to carry the torch forward. (AFP)

Senanayake s bowling action to be scrutinized at Chennai testing centreBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 29, 2014 2:59 pm
Sachithra Senanayake, the Sri Lankan off-spinner banned for illegal bowling action, is to proceed to Chennai’s ICC accredited centre for suspect actions.
Jerome Jayaratne, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) head bowling coach, said that the off-spinner has corrected his action since being banned by the ICC.
The SLC executive committee, convinced now of the correctness of Senanayake’s bowling action, has approved the off-spinner’s departure for testing at Chennai’s Sri Ramachandra University, Jayaratne added.
In August, Senanayake underwent correction programme to remodel his bowling action at the University of Westen Australia in Perth.
He was suspended by the ICC mid July following tests conducted at the Cardiff University in England.
The ICC said that a comprehensive analysis had revealed that all Senanayake deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance.

FM Arun Jaitley asks CAG not to sensationalise its reportYou are here: Home > Collections > Cag
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley asks CAG not to sensationalise its report
ET Bureau Oct 30, 2014, 04.12AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Jaitley asked the CAG not…)
NEW DELHI:Government auditors must undertake their work in astraightforward manner and not sensationalise or convert public opinion into a lynch mob, finance minister Arun Jaitley said, cautioning them against aiding an environment of finger pointing through their reports."
"He doesn't have to sensationalise," Jaitley said. "He doesn't have to get into headlines. He has to scrutinise thoroughly the decision-making process. He has to necessary eliminate the possibility of any form of nepotism that may have been exercised."
The Congress party had voiced very similar concerns after the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) pointed to massive notional losses in the 2G and coal allocation cases, estimating them atRs 1.76 lakh crore and Rs 1.84 lakh crore, respectively. That added fuel to accusations of corruption, among the grounds on which the Congress-led UPA was defeated in elections by the BJP.
Delivering the valedictory address at the annual CAG conference on Wednesday, Jaitley said auditors have to be active but activism and restraint are two sides of the same coin.
"He must be conscious of the fact that he is reviewing a decision which has already been taken," he said. "Environment of finger pointing cannot be allowed to replace fair and reasonable decision making. I think it's a subtle distinction in your capacity building which has to emerge at this stage," he said.
He said auditors should distinguish between a decision that's wrong in hindsight and corruption. "If he finds a corrupt view, then the level of discretion he exercises in commenting has to be (an) entirely different standard. If he finds two views are possible and his own view is probably different, he then can have a more liberal approach."
Jaitley, who also handles the corporate affairs and defence portfolios, said the spectrum and coal block allocation cases held lessons on natural resource allocation and the methodology for this. "Valuable resources cannot be allocated without value being realized and valuable resources cannot be allocated to whoever you want to. You can have criteria narrowing the range of beneficiaries, actual users.
But you cannot pick and choose to whom to be allocated. The standard of fairness would have to be necessary," he said, pointing out that the country paid heavily for that learning process. "Contracts have been cancelled, the power sector in the country is today suffering," he said.If India could grow at 8-9% with average to moderate governance, this would have been better with best practices and the highest standards of governance, Jaitley said.
The minister said audits were a requirement of good governance because accountability and transparency are essential for this. "If accountability and transparency were not there in governance and questions were not asked, in fact uncomfortable questions at times were not asked, governance would tend to become despotic," he said, adding allotment of every project by a process which naturally involves tendering is necessary.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Comm to provide cloud tech IZ0 across 100 nations by 2016You are here: Home > Collections > Platform
Tata Communications to provide cloud tech IZ0 across 100 nations by 2016
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 07.15PM IST
Tags:
Amazon Web Services
(Tata Communications today…)
NEW DELHI: Global internet solution provider Tata Communications today launched large IT network and cloud computing enablement platform IZO in 34 countries, including India, and plans to expand it to 100 nations in next 18 months.
"Our initial coverage (of IZO) is 34 countries and you will see us expanding that very rapidly. I would aim at getting to over a 100 countries in the next 18 months," Tata Communications Managing Director and CEO Vinod Kumar told PTI.
Cloud platform offers access to computing facility like storage or software on pay as per use model instead of buying the full product at one go. Most of the companies are now accessing software and storage through cloud business model to reduce their expenses as per business need.
Large corporates generally make their own private network due to their requirement of high speed access and delivery of data as well as to keep their data secure.
However, they also require to access internet network open for public for general public where security and transmission speed is unpredictable.
The IZO platform provides large business houses to jointly use their private IT network along with public network.
"Instead of traffic just bouncing around the internet and not having the guarantee of how long it takes (for data) to go across from point A to point B, or how secure it will be, IZO will bring about both security but also reliability," Kumar said.
For IZO platform, Tata Communications has partnered with over 20 cloud service providers reaching to 85 per cent of the world's GDP, two of the largest cloud platforms - Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure and over 50 data centres across the globe.
"IZO will bring 25 to 30 per cent savings compared to traditional private technology based Wide Area Network (an IT network connecting offices at various locations)," Kumar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diageo launches pre-mixed vodka Smirnoff Ice in IndiaOct 29, 2014, 06.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Diageo launches pre-mixed vodka Smirnoff Ice in India
The drinks would be available in two flavours -- Smirnoff Ice Black and Smirnoff Ice Original.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Diageo launches pre-mixed vodka Smirnoff Ice in India
The drinks would be available in two flavours -- Smirnoff Ice Black and Smirnoff Ice Original.
Post your opinion here
 
UK-based distiller Diageo on Wednesday introduced its first pre-mixed vodka in the Indian market with the launch of Smirnoff Ice, a variant of the world’s top selling vodka brand Smirnoff. The drinks would be available in two flavours -- Smirnoff Ice Black and Smirnoff Ice Original.
Smirnoff Ice Black has a strong, sharp intense taste, while Smirnoff Ice Original is lighter lemon-flavoured priced between Rs 75 and Rs 110 in Goa and Karnataka, where the brands will be available shortly.
Speaking on the launch, Bhavesh Somaya, Marketing & Innovation Director, Diageo India commented: “Smirnoff Ice will revolutionize a unique occasion/space with the proposition of “Starting the party with ICE” - with its convenient premixed format. We are tapping into a new occasion and looking to drive recruitment of LDA+ consumers with Smirnoff. Its attractive packaging and refreshing taste will resonate well with consumers looking for exciting convenient options.”
RELATED NEWS

Cabinet may take up coal price pooling todayOct 29, 2014, 05.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cabinet may take up coal price pooling today
According to sources, the government is also likely to re-introduce a bill to set up a coal regulator in the Winter Session of Parliament.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cabinet may take up coal price pooling today
According to sources, the government is also likely to re-introduce a bill to set up a coal regulator in the Winter Session of Parliament.
Post your opinion here
 
The Cabinet is likely to take up coal pricing pooling this evening. Power plants are staring at a bleak future after the Supreme Court cancelled over 200 coal block allocations. Also, sources say the government will re-introduce a bill to set up a coal regulator in the Winter Session of Parliament.
India's power sector has acutely failed to scale up production due to several issues: lack of increase in coal, which powers two-thirds of the country's power plants; inadequate production of natural gas, which powers a large chunk as well; and lack of investment due to irrational tariff structuring (governments holding back power companies to increase prices, commensurate with costs). The big step to boost to power sector, according to analysts, would be coal denationalization.
Currently, only state-run companies can mine coal in India for commercial purposes, an effort led by Coal India , which has of late increasingly failed to meet its production targets. This has led to India becoming the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on its fifth largest reserves.
Since 1993, several private companies were allowed to mine coal but only for their end use such as power and steel production, but the decision was recently adjudged illegal by the Supreme Court -- for the ad-hoc manner in which they were handed out -- which de-allocated most of such blocks awarded since then. Allowing commercial mining of coal would spur investment in the sector, bring in international miners with advanced technologies and spur production, according to experts.
The government is also expected to decide how it would auction the blocks that were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Coal India stock price
On December 05, 2014, Coal India closed at Rs 356.00, up Rs 0.50, or 0.14 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 423.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 240.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.9. The latest book value of the company is Rs 26.04 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 13.67.
RELATED NEWS

India ranks 142 in World Bank s  Doing Business  reportOct 29, 2014, 05.30 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India ranks 142 in World Bank's 'Doing Business' report
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the slew of measures taken by Modi Government to make India a business friendly destination.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India ranks 142 in World Bank's 'Doing Business' report
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the slew of measures taken by Modi Government to make India a business friendly destination.
Post your opinion here
 
India ranked 142 among the 189 countries surveyed for the latest World Bank's "Ease of Doing Business" report released today, a drop by two places from the last year's ranking.
The drop in India's ranking from last year's 140 is mainly because other nations have performed much better, Bank officials said.
In the 2014 report, India had 52.78 points and this year it has 53.97 points.
The latest ranking, however, does not take into account the slew of measures taken by Modi Government to make India a business friendly destination.
"We do not want to send the impression that the drop in India's ranking is connected in any way with the current political situation (government)," said Augusto Lopez-Claros, Director, Global Indicators Group, Development Economics of the World Bank Group.
"It is absolutely true that the new government of Mr Modi has made it very clear that they see the creation of a better investment climate and a more friendly business friendly environment in India a top priority. However, it is important to remember that the new Government did not come into office until the second half of May," he said.
Highly appreciative of the steps taken by the new Indian Government, World Bank officials asserted that there was a very high likelihood of India significantly jumping up the ladder in the next ease of doing business report.
Singapore with 88.27 points occupies the top position in the ease of doing business followed by New Zealand, Hong Kong, Denmark and South Korea respectively.
Among other major countries, the US has been ranked seventh, Britain (eight), China (90), Sri Lanka (99), Nepal (108), Maldives (116), Bhutan (125), and Pakistan (128).
In a conference call with reporters, Bank officials cautioned against linking the latest ranking with the steps taken by the new Indian Government.
Noting that the cut-off of ease of doing business is May 31st, Lopez said whatever the government would do and whatever is in the pipeline is going to have an impact on these indicators only next year.
When asked about the ambition of the new Indian Government to move up the ladder and gain a ranking within top 50 countries, Lopez said, "There is no reason, why not?".
"Absolutely, it can be done. There are many examples of countries who through focused efforts, through intelligently designed reforms have managed to make very substantial improvement," he said.
Though India did drop a little bit in terms of its ranking, the ease of doing business has improved over the last 12 months, he said.
Rita Ramalho, lead author of the Doing Business report, said India's ranking dropped, despite improvement in its business environment, because other countries improved.
"There is a continuous improvement across the world. India improved, but others improved at a faster pace," Ramalho said.
RELATED NEWS

Owners of abandoned trawlers a worried lotUpdated: October 29, 2014 20:13 IST
Owners of abandoned trawlers a worried lot
Santosh Patnaik
The Hindu Two mechanised boats still lying submerged on Wednesday since Cylone Hudhud ravaged fishing harbour in Visakhapatnam on October 12. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
waterway and maritime transport
Threat of capsizal and theft of spare parts haunting them. For over two years, the removal of the trawlers for scrapping as sought by the owners has not yielded tangible results due to procedural wrangles.
Inordinate delay in removal of sunken boats from the fishing harbour here and the damage dealt by cyclone Hudhud have added salt to the wounds of owners of abandoned trawlers with the threat of capsizal looming large.
They are also facing the threat of theft of spare parts even as the abandoned/unused trawlers numbering 20 continue to occupy one-third of space at the fishing harbour.
Incidentally, both Visakhapatnam Mechanised Boat Operators’ Association and Dolphin Boat Operators’ Welfare Association attribute congestion to the abandoned steel hull trawlers with overall length of 20 to 25 metres as the reason for collision among the mechanised boats leading to submergence of 65 boats and damage to nearly 400 boats on October 12.
No tangible result
For over two years, the removal of the trawlers for scrapping as sought by the owners has not yielded tangible results due to procedural wrangles. The fishing harbour is under the custody of Visakhapatnmam port which insists on obtaining ‘no-objection certificate’ from the AP Pollution Control Board.
“APPCB is not giving permission to scrap the trawlers stating that it may cause pollution. There is no other place on the entire East Coast where such vessels can be scrapped. These vessels cannot be taken to Port of Alang in Gujarat where ship-breaking is permitted,” pointed out Brig. S.K. Aggarwal, president of Association of Fishing Professionals.
“One of my trawlers has already sunk and another is positioned dangerously. Owing to cracks developed on another vessel, the threat of it getting sunk is haunting me,” he has told The Hindu.
During 80s and early 90s there were as many as 150 such deep sea trawlers operating on the East Coast. Their numbers came down slowly as fishing turned unviable due to high operational cost and dwindling catch.
RELATED NEWS

Cabinet approves relaxation in construction FDI norms: SrcsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cabinet approves relaxation in construction FDI norms
The FDI norms have been relaxed for minimum built-up area and capitalisation. The minimum built-up area has been more than havled to 20,000 square metres. Currently 50,000 sq metres built-up area was a must for FDI, say sources.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
Cabinet has approved relaxation in construction foreign direct investment (FDI) norms. The minimum capital for project has been reduced to USD 5 million from USD 10 million. 
The norms have been relaxed for minimum built-up area and capitalisation. The minimum built-up area has been more than havled to 20,000 square metres. Currently 50,000 sq metres built-up area was a must for FDI, say sources.
The minimum capitalisation is at USD 5 million in project in a joint venture with Indian company, say sources.  
Between April 2000 and August 2014, construction development, including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure in the country received FDI worth USD 23.75 billion or 10 percent of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
This move is likely to help the cash strapped builders and developers and will attract investments into affordable housing and smart cities.
The proposal was moved by the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP), under the Commerce and Industry Ministry, to attract more foreign investment in construction and real estate sector that is facing a slowdown and liquidity crunch since last 2-3 years.
Although 100 percent foreign direct investment is allowed in townships, housing and built-up infrastructure and construction developments since 2005, the government has imposed certain conditions.
In his Budget 2014-15 speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said that the requirement of the built up area and capital conditions for FDI is being reduced from 50,000 sq mts to 20,000 sq mts and from USD 10 million to USD 5 million respectively.
The projects that commit at least 30 percent of the total cost for low cost affordable housing would be exempted from minimum built up area and capitalisation requirements, he had said.
 (with inputs from PTI)

382 Audi Q7 SUVs recalled in India for vacuum line replacementOct 29, 2014, 08.05 PM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
382 Audi Q7 SUVs recalled in India for vacuum line replacement
382 Audi Q7 SUVs recalled in India for vacuum line replacement
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
382 Audi Q7 SUVs recalled in India for vacuum line replacement
382 Audi Q7 SUVs recalled in India for vacuum line replacement
Post your opinion here
 
Audi India is recalling 382 Q7 SUVs for a vacuum line replacement in the brakes. Audi confirms that like other manufacturers in India, this is a part of their global recall in which many cars including sedans were recalled to rectify the same issue.  Audi Q7 SUVs which were manufactured between March-December 2012 are part of this recall. The company says that the owners of the Q7s have been already notified and close to 200 cars have already been through the vacuum line replacement at Audi's workshops. Audi further mentions that this... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

Alembic director Ashok Tulankar resignsOct 29, 2014, 07.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Alembic director Ashok Tulankar resigns
Alembic has informed that Mr Ashok Tulankar, Director of the Company has resigned from the Directorship of the Company with effect from October 31, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alembic director Ashok Tulankar resigns
Alembic has informed that Mr Ashok Tulankar, Director of the Company has resigned from the Directorship of the Company with effect from October 31, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Alembic Ltd has informed BSE that Mr Ashok Tulankar, Director of the Company has resigned from the Directorship of the Company with effect from October 31, 2014.Source : BSE

I-T deptt to prosecute about 300 bank a/c holders abroadBlack Money
(Prosecution is being sought…)
NEW DELHI: The Income Tax department is likely to initiate prosecution against close to 300 people whose names have been submitted to the Supreme Court today in connection with the probe into alleged blackmoney accounts in HSBC Bank in Geneva.
Officials said the department has informed the Special Investigation Team (SIT), constituted to go into the issue, to allow it to start the "first step of prosecution" under two sections of the Income Tax Act.
Prosecution is being sought under Section 277 (false statement in verification) and 276 D (failure to produce documents) so that the department can share information with other enforcement agencies like the ED and CBI, they said.
The sources said the department has already realised Rs. 200 crore in taxes and penalties from some of these account holders who have accepted to holding these accounts abroad. There could be another Rs.200 crore to Rs.300 crore in taxes and penalties that could be realised from the others, they said.
"The list of 627 Indians submitted to the apex court today has close to 300 people against whom prosecution action can be launched soon. Basic prosecution, at least under select sections of the I-T Act. While some 120 cases are already under prosecution these fresh individuals and entities can also be booked based on prima facie evidence gathered by tax sleuths," sources said.
They said this will enable the SIT to hand over some vital information to agencies like Enforcement Directorate and CBI who could take action under their mandates and the laws that they enforce.
International and bilateral treaties allow a member nation to share such information obtained by one agency with others only at the stage of prosecution or when the matter is in the purview of courts of the land.
"The SIT has agreed to this and we expect to file new prosecutions sooner than later. In these 300 cases the I-T department has some evidence," they said.
Officials said these cases pertain to the years 1999-2000 and they will get "time barred" by March 2015 and hence there is "no time to loose" for the authorities.
Sources privy to the contents of these lists said there are a number of "established" cases where the foreign account is genuine and has been reflected in tax statements filed by the individual or entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India seeks Kyoto s cooperation in developin...You are here: Home > Collections
India seeks Kyoto's cooperation in developing Varanasi
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 08.14PM IST
Tags:
India-Japan Joint Working Group
(During PM Narendra Modi's…)
NEW DELHI: Vice Mayor of Japan's Kyoto city, Kenichi Ogasawara today met Urban Development Secretary Shankar Aggarwal in connection with the development plans of Varanasi.
Ogasawara was in the capital to attend the eighth meeting of India-Japan Joint Working Group on Urban Development held here today and he will be visiting Varanasi tomorrow.
Aggarwal suggested to the Kyoto Vice Mayor to consider extending necessary cooperation for Varanasi's development and cleanliness through effective management of solid and liquid waste, a senior Urban Development Ministry official said.
He also advocated for introduction of effective solar power generation technology for the benefit of small traders, particularly, the weavers in Varanasi.
On the sewerage system, the Urban Development Secretary suggested for cost effective technologies for treatment of sewerage by run-off the drain treatment instead of Sewerage Treatment Plants, which is "cumbersome and costly".
Aggarwal said the possibility of introducing Light Rail Transport for effective traffic management in the city should be explored with help from Japanese lender JICA.
He also suggested to Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) officials, who were present at the meeting, to consider if it could support infrastructure development in Varanasi at further liberalized low interest loans.
Ogasawara and JICA officials said the proposals made by Aggarwal will be examined and would revert to the Ministry.
During Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent Japan visit, a Sister City Partnership Agreement between Kyoto and Varanasi was signed between the two countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India invites Saudi Arabia to invest in oil ...India invites Saudi Arabia to invest in strategic oil storages
PTI Oct 29, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Tags:
Dharmendra Pradhan
(Pradhan, leading a high…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to deepen energy ties with oil-rich Saudi Arabia, India has invited the world's largest oil exporter to invest in strategic crude oil storages and downstream facilities.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan , leading a high level delegation on his maiden visit to Riyadh, met Saudi Oil Miniter Ali al-Niami on extending cooperation in oil and gas sectors.
Saudi Arabia is India's largest supplier of crude oil, providing over 20 per cent of its oil needs.
During talks, "India's additional requirement for crude oil and LPG, investment opportunities, cooperation in research and development, and related global issues pertaining to G20 and International Energy Forum (IEF)" were discussed, an official statement said.
The two sides also discussed areas of cooperation in Saudi Arabian and Indian energy efficiency policies and programmes.
"The Indian side conveyed India's growing requirement for crude in future due to growing Indian economy, increase in refining capacity and rapid changes being brought by the new government aspiring for double digit growth in foreseeable future," it said.
Both sides also discussed specific issues concerning public sector oil companies in India and Saudi Aramco, the Arab nation's national oil company.
"India invited Saudi companies including Aramco to participate and invest in crude oil storage facilities and down-stream industries in India," the statement said.
The Saudi side acknowledged India's importance as one of the fastest growing markets in the world and appreciated the changes and policies being initiated by the new government.
It assured that it would consider India's growing demand for crude and LPG while also agreed to look into the issues underlined by India concerning trade and investment in hydrocarbon sector between the two countries.
"Both the sides found common areas of cooperation such as strategic reserves, petrochemical conservation, research and development, refineries and energy efficiency programmes," it said.
Pradhan and Indian delegation visited Saudi Arabian Basic Industries Corporation ( SABIC ) and King Abdullah City for Atomic and Renewable Energy and held discussions on the issues of mutual interests.
Indian side also made a presentation on REINVEST , India's first Renewable Energy Global Investment Promotion Meet & Expo being held from 15-17 February, 2015 in New Delhi to showcase India's manufacturing capabilities and latest technologies in renewable energy sector.
They also visited Saudi Aramco headquarters in Dhahran and had an interactive meeting with businessmen at Chamber of Commerce in Dammam before departing for New Delhi from Dammam Wednesday night.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Energy stocks buoy Wall St ahead of Fed statement; FB fallsEnergy stocks buoy Wall Street ahead of US Federal Reserve statement; Facebook falls
By Reuters | 29 Oct, 2014, 08.54PM IST
0
Share More
US stocks edged higher on Wednesday boosted by gains in the energy sector, with traders looking forward to a statement from the US Federal Reserve
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks edged higher on Wednesday boosted by gains in the energy sector, with traders looking forward to a statement from the US Federal Reserve as it winds down its stimulus program.
The Nasdaq Composite was pressured by a decline in Facebook shares as investors fretted over its spending plans.
In an otherwise data-light session, the Fed is likely to announce that it will no longer add to its holdings of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, effectively ending a program that at its peak pumped $85 billion a month into the financial system.
The Fed's cash injection is widely seen as a pillar of the current multiyear bull market in equities, and earnings are expected to support any further advances. So far this reporting season, 73.5 percent of S&P 500 companies have exceeded profit expectations. In a typical quarter since 1994, 63 percent of companies beat estimates, according to Thomson Reuters data.
"Everybody is looking ahead to the FOMC statement in the afternoon. I'd expect we won't have a lot of movement before that," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois.
"Not a lot is expected other than a confirmation that they eliminated QE and maybe we'll get additional guidance, hints on when they might start raising rates."
Facebook Inc shares fell 6.2 per cent to $75.81 the day after the social network announced an increase in spending in 2015 and projected a slowdown in revenue growth this quarter.
At 10:03 a.m. EDT (1403 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average rose 48.03 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 17,053.78, the S&P 500 gained 4.91 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 1,989.96 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 5.18 points, or 0.11 per cent, to 4,559.11.
The energy sector of the S&P 500 gained 1.4 per cent as crude oil futures prices jumped, adding to a rebound that has lifted energy stocks 8.5 per cent in the past 11 sessions. Earlier this month, the sector touched a 16-month low. The top four points gainers on the S&P 500 were energy companies.
Hershey Co shares fell 2.8 per cent to $92.88 after the chocolate maker cut its full-year earnings and revenue growth forecasts, citing higher dairy prices, a stronger dollar and weak sales growth in some markets.
Shares of American Realty Capital slid 24 per cent to $9.40 after it said some of its previous financial statements were unreliable.
Orbital Sciences Corp shares fell 14.4 per cent to $26 a day after its unmanned rocket exploded seconds after liftoff from a commercial launch pad in Virginia, marking the first accident since NASA turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,810 to 1,012, for a 1.79-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,311 issues rose and 996 fell for a 1.32-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 61 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 89 new highs and 14 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Good governance key to 8-9% growth:FMGood governance key to 8-9 per cent growth, says FM Arun Jaitley
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 22:00 IST
FM Arun Jaitley
The economy has the capacity to grow at 8-9 per cent and good governance would make economic expansion "more exuberant", Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday.
"I have always wondered to myself that in the last two years with average to moderate governance (economic growth was sub-five per cent). India has a capacity to grow by 8-9 per cent. If we had followed the best practices and displayed the highest standards of good governance, probably our (levels) of growth would have been more exuberant," he said in his valedictory address at the CAG conference.
Amid investments slowing down and allegation of corruption in allocation of natural resources, India's economic growth had slumped to below 5 per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
The economy, however showed signs of rival as the GDP clocked 5.7 per cent growth in the April-June period of the current fiscal, highest in the past 10 quarters.
The BJP led-NDA government, which assumed power in May, had fought the election on the promise of providing good governance to the country.
A recent World Bank report projects India's economy to expand by 5.6 per cent this fiscal as reforms gain momentum and the growth is expected to accelerate as proposed measures such as Goods and Services Tax provide a boost to manufacturing sector.
Highlighting the importance of audit, Jaitley said accountability and transparency are essential as it helps in good governance.
"...(if) uncomfortable questions at times were not asked, governance would tend to become despotic and therefore in any system of governance there has to be various laws of accountability and this is in itself an unquestionable proposition," he added.

State Bank of Travancore Q2 net falls 65%State Bank of Travancore Q2 net profit falls 65 per cent
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 21:45 IST
State Bank of Travancore's net profit fell over 65 per cent to Rs 19.18 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, as expenses and tax outgo went up.
The bank's net profit in the corresponding July-September quarter of previous fiscal stood at Rs 55.34 crore.
Total income rose by a marginal 1.7 per cent to Rs 2,608.91 crore during the second quarter, up from Rs 2,566.09 crore in 2013-14, it said in filing to the BSE.
SBT's total expenditure rose to Rs 2,334.35 crore in September quarter compared to Rs 2,256.47 crore a year ago.
Tax outgo also increased to Rs 13.88 crore versus Rs 2.35 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
The bank's gross NPAs (non-performing assets) or bad loans soared to 5.11 per cent during the quarter, over 3.5 per cent of the total advances a year ago.
Net NPAs increased to 3.2 per cent as of September 30, 2014, from 2.07 per cent a year ago.
The bank made a provisioning of Rs 241.49 crore towards bad loans in Q2-FY15, down from Rs 251.93 crore year earlier.
Shares of the bank on Wednesday closed 0.89 per cent lower at Rs 445.80 apiece on the BSE.

Dont sensationalise to hit headlines: Jaitley to CAGAddressing an annual conference of the CAG, Jaitley said that Auditor should be conscious of the fact that he is reviewing a decision that has already been taken.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 9:36 pm
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday asked the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) not to sensationalise its findings to make headlines – echoing a view that the Congress had voiced earlier after huge notional losses were projected in reports on the 2G and coal blocks allocation cases.
Addressing an annual conference of the CAG, Jaitley said, “Auditor should be conscious of the fact that he is reviewing a decision that has already been taken. Have the fair procedures been followed? He doesn’t have to sensationalise. He doesn’t have to get into the headlines.”
He said an auditor has to be “active… but activism and restraint are always the two sides of the same coin.” Jaitley said an auditor “has to scrutinise thoroughly the decision-making process. He has to necessarily eliminate the possibility of any form of nepotism.”
Jaitley also said an auditor must be able to distinguish between a wrong decision and a corrupt one. “If he finds it (the decision) is a corrupt view, then the level of discretion he exercises in commenting has to be entirely different,” he said.
He said the auditor must take “a more liberal approach” when confronted with multiple views. “Because let us also not forget that when we live in a society, which by temperament, having learnt the hard way the last few years, has become an over suspicious society… our job is not to convert the public opinion into a kind of a lynch mob,” said Jaitley.
“To create rationality in the reviewing process we spare a decision which palpably looks arbitrary, a decision which is not fair, a decision which is not honest and we leave some element of benefit of doubt for a decision where two possible views are possible. But we can always lay down the guidelines as far as the future is concerned,” he said.
“Both in the spectrum and coal cases, we have learnt that natural resources and their allotment is not the prerogative of the state to choose methodology… valuable resources cannot be allocated without value being realised,” he said. The CAG reports on 2G and coal blocks cases projected notional losses to the tune of Rs 1.76 lakh crore and Rs.1.84 lakh crore respectively.
On Monday, Parliament’s Public Accounts Committee Chairman and senior Congress leader K V Thomas too had said at the conference that the auditor should restrict audits to financial impropriety and not come out with “astronomical” figures of notional losses.
(With PTI inputs)

JMB threat real and serious  Tarun Gogoi tells Narendra ModiPM Narendra Modi with Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi at a meeting in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 29, 2014 8:55 pm
Even as the Assam Police and NIA have intensified search for more persons in West Bengal and Assam who could be linked to the Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) in the aftermath of the Burdwan blast, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday told Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi and said the JMB threat to the state was “real and serious.”
“Of late Assam appears to have been targeted by fundamentalist organizations like Al Qaeda. Some operatives having links with Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) were recently arrested in Assam. We feel that the threat is real and serious and such organizations may find support among the misguided and disaffected elements in the state,” Gogoi said in a memorandum he handed over to the PM on Wednesday.
Taking up the problem of militancy and threat from fundamentalist organizations, Gogoi also made a plea to Modi to take up the matter with neighbouring countries at appropriate levels for sharing of intelligence and coordinated action.
“There should be similar mechanism at interstate level for West Bengal and North Eastern States so that issues of jurisdiction do not come in the way of dealing with insurgency and militancy,” he said. It was, therefore, important that more sophisticated measures were taken to check, contain and curb such organizations and their activities through proper intelligence sharing and surveillance, Gogoi said.
The Assam Police had earlier this month arrested six persons from different villages in Barpeta district in connection with the Burdwan blast where two JMB activists were killed. The six persons were arrested after the police found there involvement with the JMB activists related to the Burdwan incident.

Oppo launches flagship N3 and the worlds thinnest phone R5 at 4.85 mm 
 
Oppo has launched its N3 and R5 smartphones today at a global launch event in Singapore. The N3, its latest addition to the N series which features an automated swivel camera. On the other hand, the R5 is the world’s thinnest smartphone at 4.85 mm. The Oppo R5 has surpassed the Gionee Elife S5.1 smartphone which was listed in Guinness Book of World Records as the thinnest smartphone in the world at 5.1 mm. The R5 is so thin that it doesn’t have a regular 3.5 mm headphone port. Users will have to rely on their Bluetooth earphones or connect via an adapter.
The N3 is priced at US$ 649 and the R5 is priced at US$ 499 respectively. Both the smartphones will be available in the India market soon. Oppo also showcased the PM-3 Planar Magnetic headphones at the event.
The N3, features a 16 megapixel rotating camera. It has the ability to rotate 206 degrees and is capable of taking 64 megapixel high resolution images using its free-stop and multi-angle shooting features. The OPPO N3 is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 quad-core CPU with 32G ROM and 2G RAM and a 5.5-inch screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection.
The phone includes OPPO’s VOOC mini rapid charging system and claims a 30-minute charge will provide 75% battery, and a five-minute charge allows for a two-hour call.
The R5 runs on an octa-core Qualcomm MSM8939, and comes with a 5.2-inch AMOLED screen. It comes PI 2.0 Plus Flash Shot technology which delivers 50MP high-definition picture clarity. Built with first-grade steel and designed with a micro-arc frame, the R5 also comes with the VOOC mini rapid charging system.

Bangalore police expose companies issuing fake IT job certificatesPrint
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 29, 2014 8:46 pm
A list of fake IT firms involved in a racket of issuing fake job experience certificates to job aspirants in established IT companies has been put out by the Bangalore police following investigations into a racket. The police have now requested established IT firms to check the job credentials of prospective hires in their companies against the list of companies for which fake job experience certificates are known to have been issued. The Deputy Commissioner of Police (crime) Abhishek Goyal has also IT firms to inform the police if they have recruited any benificiaries of the fake certificates racket. The action by the Bangalore police comes on the heels of a series of raids carried out by the Crime Branch last month at seven places in the city to bust a fake IT job experience certificates scam.
Over 20 people were arrested in the cases. According to police estimates more than 25,000 people obtained fake work experience certificates through this syndicate and used them to secure jobs in established IT firms across the country and abroad. The Bangalore police teams conducted the simultaneous raids on September 28 and 29 on seven job consultancy firms. The police found job consultancy firms registered many fake IT companies and issued fake work certificates from these companies to job aspirants for financial consideration.
“For the benefit of the HR units of genuine companies we have compiled a list of the companies in whose names certificates were issued and recovered by the crime branch. This list is being put up publicly so that genuine companies can check if anyone has approached them with certificates of these companies and if so they can contact Investigating Officers for necessary corrective steps,” Goyal said.

Former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi attacks Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje and her coterie— Lalit Kumar Modi (@LalitKModi) October 29, 2014
People in #rajasthan are #fedup of #remote control politics. Best is to bring in #stalwart #om #mathur who will be #hands on #cm at least
— Lalit Kumar Modi (@LalitKModi) October 29, 2014
“Like in centre cleanup happened…Vasundhara BJP needs to show the same strength and start cleanup within her coterie…crooks all around… Khamthans and bhardwaj was not what people voted for (sic),” his tweets said.
Though the attacks were directly made at Dhirendra Kamthan, Officer on Special Duty to CM, and Mahendra Bhardwaj, Press Advisor to CM, they were clearly targeted at Raje as both Kamthan and Bhardwaj were hand-picked by her. Kamthan has been working with Raje for over 20 years while Bhardwaj has served as Raje’s media advisor since her first term as CM in 2003 and stayed by her side even after she was voted out of power in 2008.
Modi has been privy to Raje’s working style in her previous term when the duo got along famously. However over the years as Modi ran into the BJP central leadership (read Arun Jaitley), Raje too had to keep her distance from him. Recently when BJP minority cell leader Amin Pathan turned Modi out from the Rajasthan Cricket Association by calling an emergency meeting and took over as acting RCA president, Modi received no support from Raje. Instead in political circles, it was heard that Pathan made the move with Raje’s consent.
Officials in the government maintained that Modi is attacking the Raje government because he expects support in the RCA issue. Kamthan and Bhardwaj are the only two officials who have been brought on board by the CM and are not government servants and are therefore considered easy targets.
Kamthan and Bhardwaj refused to comment on the issue.
Modi’s backing of senior BJP leader Om Mathur caused a flutter in the political circle. Mathur, who has been Raje’s arch rival and critic, has been entrusted with considerable responsibility by the party lately as he led BJP in the recent assembly polls in Maharashtra.
Raje, who is usually active on Twitter, did not respond to the attacks.
 

Mamata Banerjee plans to turn Sybderbans into world-class tourist destinationThe West Bengal govt is planning to make Sunderbans a highly scintillating sea beach with all the characteristic features like resorts and river cruises. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 29, 2014 7:58 pm | Updated: October 29, 2014 10:48 pm
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has now turned to Sunderbans, to make it a world-class tourist destination and as a first step she has chosen Sagar Islands, the entry point to Sunderbans, to make it a highly scintillating sea beach with all the characteristic features like resorts and river cruises.
Mamata is going to Sagar Island on Thursday on a two-day visit with a delegation of 12 industrialists of Kolkata and top officials of the state government before whom the prospect of Sunderbans as a major tourist hub will be projected. The officials who will be part of her entourage include chief secretary Sanjay Mitra, Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee, tourism secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan, forest secretary Chandan Sinha and transport secretary Alapan Bandopadhyay.
The idea behind this is to attract the industrialists to invest in fields like infrastructural development and tourism in the area.
Among her programmes, apart from the series of meetings with the industrialists where the potential of Sunderbans will be projected, the Chief Minister will also inaugurate 20 high-end cottages on Sagar beach and will lay the foundation stone of a 50-room bungalow for budget tourists.
As a sequel to Thursday’s visit, on December 7 the Chief Minister will go further deep into the Sunderbans area and will visit Jharkhali where too she will make an assessment of the tourist potential of the area.
“Basically what we are trying to do is an image-makeover of the Sagar Islands which was known only for pilgrimage. Now we are aiming at making it not only a pilgrim centre but convert the sea beaches into world class ones with all the necessary features, cruise, boat rides, I mean whatever you get at a modern sea beach like Goa. Second, there are the islands like Bakhkhali, Frasergunj, Henri Islands etc which will be well connected with speed boats, the jettys will be developed, jungle safaris will be arranged, the islands will be developed and modern, state-of-the-art cottages will be built, without in any way geopardising environment. And many of these things will be done on a public-private partnership basis for which we are going to appoint consultants soon,” Principal Secretary, tourism, Ajit Ranjan Bardhan, told The Indian Express.
In order to rope in local people in its schemes so that employments can be generated, the state government will encourage home tourism, an idea which is popular in many hill stations. “If villagers can be roped in to keep tourists in their households we can offer to build toilets,” Bardhan further said.
Sanjay Budhia, one of the industrialists who is accompanying the chief minister, says he is quite excited as he had never been to Sagar before. “You know, they say, seeing is believing. And it is after I see that I will be able to understand what potential Sunderbans has got. I am continued…

Google developing nanoparticles to detect cancerUpdated: October 29, 2014 16:05 IST
Google developing nanoparticles to detect cancer
PTI
AP Google has hired more than 100 experts for the nanotechnology project.
TOPICS
medicine
Google X, the internet giant’s research unit, is reportedly working on a technology project that combines disease-detecting nanoparticles, which would enter a patient’s bloodstream via a swallowed pill, with a wrist-worn sensor.
The technology aims to constantly monitor the blood for the unique traces of cancer, allowing diagnosis long before any physical symptoms appear.
“What we are trying to do is change medicine from reactive and transactional to proactive and preventative,” said Dr. Andrew Conrad, a molecular biologist who is leading the diagnostic project.
“Nanoparticles give you the ability to explore the body at a molecular and cellular level,” Dr. Conrad said.
These nanoparticles are intended to match markers for different conditions. They could be tailored to stick to a cancerous cell or a fragment of cancerous DNA. They could also find evidence of fatty plaques about to break free from the lining of blood vessels. These can cause a heart attack or stroke if they stop the flow of blood.
“You can recall those nanoparticles to a single location - because they are magnetic - and that location is the superficial vasculature of the wrist, [where] you can ask them what they saw,” said Dr. Conrad.
The tech company will also create a wristband that would take readings of the nanoparticles via light and radio waves one or more times a day.
Google has hired more than 100 experts for the nanotechnology project from disciplines including astrophysicists, immunology, biology, oncology, cardiology and chemistry.

Independent Eliot Cutler just helped Democrats in the Maine governors race. Sort of.By Sean Sullivan October 29 Follow @WaPoSean
Independent Eliot Cutler, left, address his opponents, Republican Gov. Paul LePage, center, and Democrat Mike Michaud, during a debate on Oct. 8 in Portland, Maine. (Robert F. Bukaty/AP)
Democrats have long believed that if independent Eliot Cutler wasn't on the ballot, they'd have a great shot at unseating unpopular Maine Gov. Paul LePage (R). Well, Cutler's not leaving the race. But he's doing the next best thing for Democratic nominee Mike Michaud: Encouraging supporters to " vote their conscience " and bluntly acknowledging that he is a long shot.
“If you don’t think that I can win, and you want to vote strategically, do that,” Cutler said Wednesday, according to the Bangor Daily News . “But I'd be grateful for your support.”
Cutler's message is this: I'm not dropping out, but let's face it, I probably won't win — so understand that when you cast your ballot. It's a message that could prompt some supporters to consider voting for Michaud instead.
Polls show Michaud and LePage in a close race, with Cutler running a distant third. Strategists believe Cutler pulls more support from Michaud than he does from LePage, because the two are more closely aligned on issues.
In a recognition of this dynamic, the Republican Governors Association has sought to boost Cutler in the hopes he will help peel off more of Michaud's support. Michaud backers have called for Cutler to step aside.
Cutler ran in a three-way race in 2010. He finished ahead of the Democratic nominee and nearly defeated LePage.
Cutler said he “has tried to run a positive campaign and treat voters like adults,” but the “politics of fear” was gripping the election, according to the Portland Press-Herald .
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Marijuana legalization in Oregon is anyones game  poll findsBy Niraj Chokshi October 29 Follow @NirajC
An unidentified man smokes medical marijuana at the Cannabis Cafe in Portland, Ore., in 2011. (Rick Bowmer/Associated Press)
Opposition to Oregon’s Measure 91, which would legalize marijuana for recreational use in that state, outweighs support, but by a tiny margin.
A survey of 403 likely voters conducted by Elway Research for the Oregonian and KGW on Sunday and Monday found that 44 percent support the measure, while 46 percent oppose it. Nine percent were either unsure or wouldn’t say, while the margin of error was five percentage points. In other words, marijuana legalization in Oregon appears to be anyone’s game.
Earlier this month, Oregon Public Broadcasting commissioned a poll that found support winning 52 percent to 41 percent. But 7 percent said they were undecided, and the poll had a margin of error of four percentage points. As the Oregonian’s Jeff Mapes points out, though, the polls make different assumptions about the ages of the voting population:
The Oregonian/KGW survey taken by pollster Stuart Elway has a sample showing that 70 percent of the electorate will be aged 51 or older.  The OPB/Fox survey, conducted by DHM Research of Portland, uses slightly different age ranges, but 58 percent of its sample included voters 45 or older.
That’s important because age makes a huge difference in support for marijuana legalization. A September poll found support for the measure beating opposition by the “narrowest and most unreliable of margins”: 44 percent to 40 percent.
Voters will weigh in on legalization in Oregon, Alaska and D.C. on Tuesday.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Six mile backup on Beltways outer loop clearedBy Dana Hedgpeth October 29 Follow @postmetrogirl
Updated at 8:55 a.m.
Area cameras show traffic along the Beltway’s outer loop is easing through the Silver Spring area. While heavy, it is at normal levels.
Original post at 7:55 a.m.
There is a six-mile backup on the outer loop of the Beltway near Georgia Avenue Wednesday morning.
Two lanes of the Beltway were blocked as police dealt with an earlier crash.
Drivers are advised to avoid the area.
 
— WTOP Traffic (@WTOPtraffic) October 29, 2014
PHOTOS three veh AX w/ injury 495 OL before GA Ave 2 left lanes blocked #mdtraffic #dctraffic pic.twitter.com/Tbk2CeUfWk
For more transportation-related news, click here .
I'm a Washington Post reporter, working an early morning shift that deals with crime, lottery winners, traffic, you name it.

Andre Burakovsky promoted to Caps top lineBy Alex Prewitt October 29 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP/The Canadian Press)
The rapid ascension of Andre Burakovsky continued Tuesday, when the rookie learned he would center the Washington Capitals’ top line beside Alex Ovechkin. They had only skated together for less than nine minutes over eight games this regular season. Now, the teenager who began learning a new position in July will pass pucks to one of the NHL’s deadliest scorers.
“I think sometimes you have to change the lineups to get everyone going,” Burakovsky said later, following his first practice in the new spot. “I think the line looks really good right now.”
Burakovsky added to his strong debut season Sunday, notching an assist during Washington’s 4-2 loss in Vancouver, so Trotz rewarded him with a promotion. Through eight games, Burakovsky’s seven points tie for second among NHL rookies and his 3.32 points-per-60 minutes ranks 21st among forwards with at least 90 on-ice minutes.
In many ways, though, he remains a youngster, still enjoying the fruits of his success, still residing in the hotel across the street from the practice facility. This week, Burakovsky planned to move in with fellow Swede Nicklas Backstrom, the skater with whom he traded spots on the top line.
“He’s a very smart player,” Backstrom said. “He can control the puck too. He’s not scared of making plays. That’s what makes him really good I think. He has a really good shot too. I’ve never seen him before actually, before this training camp really. He’s been surprising me a lot, and I think a lot of other guys as well.”
Now, Burakovsky encounters the chance to prove himself in a higher-profile spot, thrust into the new role after Trotz juggled all four lines after Vancouver. In splitting up Backstrom and Ovechkin, Trotz aimed to balance his groups, though Burakovsky might face tougher competition simply by virtue of playing beside Ovechkin. According to data from War-On-Ice  and Behind The Net , Burakovsky and former linemate Marcus Johansson have received fairly sheltered minutes with high rates of offensive zone start percentages, often facing lesser opposing lines, while Backstrom and Ovechkin have drawn the best defensive pairings opponents can muster.
“He’s played a pretty consistent game for a young man,” Trotz said. “I think he’s a sponge. He’s a guy that’s gotten better … He’s forcing himself…you can say what you want, we’re a team, but in sport you want to move up the ladder if you can, and you do that with good play.”
Still, Burakovsky saw the change not as a vote of confidence, but a simple byproduct of such tinkering.
“I’m just trying to do my job out there and do my best,” he said. “Of course it’s not perfect. I’m not playing perfect out there but I’ve been feeling pretty good. I still have some stuff to work on.”
But as his rookie season chugs along, Burakovsky has continued to move up the depth chart, this latest promotion indicative of how Trotz and the staff view his potential.
“I think it’s getting…I can’t say easier because it’s the hardest league in the world, but I feel better every single day I’m out there,” he said. “I feel more comfortable with all the guys, I’m starting to get closer to my teammates here. I think it’s going better, going in the right direction.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Shaayad hamara mmb folks uska bhi fake bhanadhiya...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Needs update on 99 sl hit and 1 target hit pls advice and pay back the...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

All investors have right to write here.......New Member
0 Follower
when u and your bro sanc 7 come in this board with negative view then this counter will go up everytime......you and your all posts are so luckist for us....thanks.
12.29 PM Oct 28th

Good boy gone badThomas Keller, fast-food chef
Hoult has indulged his mania through a trio of recent projects: the chase movie Autobahn with Anthony Hopkins and Ben Kingsley; the reboot of the Mad Max franchise, Fury Road, with Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron; and a new role as a Q-like evil gadget genius in the ongoing Jaguar Villain Academy campaign.
Hoult took time from his busy shooting schedule to talk about crashing F-types, reversing away from rhinos and his dream of becoming a Formula 1 driver.
Brett Berk: Given you’ve spent much of your life on set, were there rites of passage you encountered as a young driver that most teenagers might have missed?
Nicholas Hoult: I was shooting a picture down in Africa when I was 14, and I learned to drive there. I would drive around the safari parks. And I remember once going off the park a bit and coming face to face with, like, three rhinos. So one of the first times I had to reverse a car was with some rhinos in front of me. Trying to do a three-point turn in the African bush.
Did those skills translate during your driving test? The rhino avoidance portion was passed with flying colours?
[Laughs] No. But I still managed to pass the first time. Driving was a big thing to me growing up. I’ve always loved cars, and wanted to drive. I’m still a bit of a petrol head.
Do you have a bunch of cars then?
Actually, I don’t have a car at the moment! Living in London, there’s not a lot of time or reason to drive. I have a motorbike that I ride around, and that’s usually quite quick.
(Jaguar Land Rover)
You’re working in some big-budget films these days. Are you plotting any major splurge purchases?
You know what I would get if I ever got ridiculously rich? I’d take up go-karting. It makes me feel like I’m an F1 driver. You’re on the track, and you really get to feeling like you’re in the zone. That’s what I’d do. Build a track. Get a few karts, get the mates around and then eventually become a brilliant racecar driver, and do that on the side.
A lot of those guys actually started off in karting. Of course, they started when they were, like, three, so I’m not sure what the trajectory would be like for you now.
[Laughs] Yeah, I’m not going to give up the day job just yet.
You’re currently playing a mad scientist/evil genius in Jaguar’s Villain Academy commercial series. This is playing against type, isn’t it?
It’s always the quiet ones! I do like playing slightly more devious characters. And it was a good shoot. I even had a go at doing the stunts. I turned up on set, and they were like, ‘You’re going to drive through here, weave in this direction, do a little bit of a jump, go left.’ And I was like, ‘OK’.
How did that go?
On the first take, Tom Hooper [director of the Jaguar campaign’s TV spots] was sitting next to me, and I had to floor it up this ramp in the F-type. But the exit had been blocked a bit. And so, I’m delivering a line, looking towards the camera, and all the sudden I look up and see that the camera vehicle in front of me is completely stopped. It’s literally that moment when you think, ‘I’m going to crash this car, first take, with an Oscar-winning director sitting next to me, and everyone will think that I’m an idiot.’ Luckily, I can report that the brakes are pretty good on the F-type. I shut my eyes and slammed my foot to the floor, and they saved us.
Do you commonly do the driving when you’re filming?
Yeah, I always try to do that. I did an action-based car film earlier this year and actually got to do a fair bit of the driving in that as well. That one is called Autobahn, and it’s about this young guy who does something ridiculously stupid, and then has to go on the run and gets chased.
There must be quite a bit of automotive action in the Mad Max re-boot, too?
Oh yeah. The vehicles they built for that were phenomenal. I had this great hot rod that I just adored. It was very loud. You could never hear anything when we were shooting. But the vehicles and the stunts and action and the whole look of the film is just incredible. I didn’t do quite as much driving on that because there were big set pieces on that, so they didn’t trust actors to do the driving.
They were afraid you might careen into a rhino or something.
Yeah, exactly.
Do you have a dream car—a vehicle you’d love to own one day, outside of your go-kart track?
I’d love a Jag E-type. Maybe an old Porsche 911 , or an Aston Martin . Those are beautiful. A Mercedes gullwing . I’d go for a classic car. I’m going to have to get my head down and work to afford any of those cars.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

India slips 13 places in WEFs Gender Gap rankingIndia slips 13 places in WEF’s Gender Gap ranking
PTI
The Hindu India's female to male ratio in labour force participation was 0.36.
New York, Oct 28:  
India has performed poorly in removing gender-based disparities, ranking 114 out of 142 countries in World Economic Forum’s 2014 gender gap index, scoring below average on parameters like economic participation, educational attainment and health and survival.
India slipped 13 spots from its last year’s ranking of 101 on the Gender Gap Index by the World Economic Forum. India is part of the 20 worst-performing countries on the labour force participation, estimated earned income, literacy rate and sex ratio at birth indicators.
On the other hand, India is among the top 20 best-performing countries on the political empowerment subindex.
The index was first introduced by the World Economic Forum in 2006 as a framework for capturing the magnitude of gender-based disparities and tracking their progress. The index benchmarks national gender gaps on economic, political, education and health criteria.
On the criteria of economic participation and opportunity, India was ranked 134. Its female to male ratio in labour force participation was 0.36. The disparity in estimated earned income was high with females earning USD 1980 compared to USD 8087 earned by their male counterparts.
On educational attainment, India ranked 126 with female to male ratio in literacy rate at 0.68. India was the second-lowest performing country on health and survival, ranking 141 just ahead of Armenia.
However, on political empowerment sub-index, India ranked an impressive 15. It is the highest-ranked country on the years with female head of state (over the past 50 years) indicator. There is also some evidence from India to suggest that women in local government roles make decisions with better outcomes for communities than men do when charged with budget decisions. They also appear to be more competent representatives than men, obtaining more resources for their constituencies despite having significantly lower education and relevant labour market experience.
The report said that India has the highest difference between women and men on the average minutes spent per day on unpaid work—a difference of 300 minutes. It is also among the countries with the highest difference in the female and male percentage of total R&D personnel. India has one of the lowest percentages of firms with female participation in ownership.
India had experienced improvement of its overall score since 2010, when it had ranked 112. It had ranked 105 in 2012 and 101 last year but saw a decrease in 2014 due to a drop in scores on the economic participation and opportunity and educational attainment subindexes.
India performed better than countries like UAE, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Jordan.
Iceland, which has had a female head of state in 20 of the past 50 years, ranked number 1 on WEF’s index. Iceland has taken the top spot on the index consecutively since 2009. The country was followed by its Nordic neighbours: Finland ranked 2, Norway (3), Sweden (4) and Denmark (5). The US is ranked 20, putting it behind countries like Canada, South Africa and France, but ahead of other developed countries like the United Kingdom and Australia.
The report said that no country in the world has fully closed the gender gap, but all five of the Nordic countries have closed more than 80 per cent of it. Yemen, the lowest ranking country has closed just over 50 per cent of the gender gap.
At 141, Pakistan was the second lowest ranking country, scoring poorly on all the four parametres.
In 2014, 25 countries fully closed the gap in Educational Attainment (same as last year). Angola, Ethiopia, Yemen, Guinea and Chad hold the last five spots on this subindex, with Yemen and Chad having closed less than 70 per cent of their education gender gap. In total, there are 22 countries where women still have less than 90 per cent of the education outcomes that men have.
While eight countries—Bahamas, Belize, Brazil, France, Guyana, Latvia, Namibia, and the Philippines—have fully closed the gap on both the health and education subindexes, no country has closed either the economic participation gap or the political empowerment gap.
On the Economic Participation and Opportunity subindex, 14 countries have closed more than 80 per cent of gap, including from from Sub—Saharan Africa and five from Europe and Central Asia.
Burundi, Norway, Malawi, the United States and the Bahamas occupy the top five spots on the subindex.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

Lupin targets over 20% revenue growthHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lupin targets over 20% revenue growth
Nalinakanthi V
Tweet
Lupin reported a 55 per cent jump in profit, driven by healthy performance in key markets such as the US and India. CEO Vinita Gupta shares her perspective on the drivers for the business, going forward. Edited excerpts from a telephone interview.
Lupin’s US business has been the key driver this quarter. Could you tell us how the US generics and branded sub-segments fared?
The overall revenue growth in the US was 21 per cent. While the generics business grew 24 per cent, the branded business declined marginally. New products launched during the second half of last year such as eloxatine, niaspan and doxycycline have helped. Products launched during the quarter such as the generic version of oral contraceptive brand Yaz will contribute to the revenues in the forthcoming quarters.
How do you see the US generic business shaping up in the near future?
We are optimistic about the prospects of our generics business. We have a pipeline of over 200 products filed, out of which 100 are pending approval which includes 31 exclusive products (first-to-file generics). Portfolio evolution, through launch of exclusive, limited competition and high-value drugs have helped Lupin improve its operating profit margin significantly over the past years. Going forward, we will continue with this strategy. Over the next three years, we are looking to bring a larger portfolio of ophthalmic and dermatology drugs into the market.
We have also commenced filing for controlled substances, which will come to the market three years from now. We are in the process of building our own facility for controlled substances in Maryland, US; the opportunity in this space is about $2 billion.
Also, the inhalation products that we have filed in the last few years may be launched over the next four years. A strong pipeline should help scale up our generics revenues and profitability.
What’s the strategy for your branded business, which has remained stagnant for the last several quarters?
The branded business has had a challenging few quarters. Our anchor product suprax has really matured, but we are trying to manage its lifecycle to sustain long-term growth. For instance, we’ve moved prescriptions from the tablet form to capsules dosage form.
We’ve put in a lot of effort on the newer dosage forms and that is showing results. Similarly, other in-licensed brands such as Alinia are also growing.
So, the focus is on managing the lifecycle of exiting brands, growing them and identifying partnering and acquisition opportunities. These should drive growth over the next three years, until we get our own proprietary products into this market.
How sustainable is the increase in operating profit margin from 25 per cent until two quarters ago to 30 per cent now?
The attempt has been to stabilise it at the 30 per cent level in the near term. With the changing business mix and increasing contribution from better margin products such as complex generics and biosimilars, we hope to grow our margins from here.
What’s your outlook for the domestic market, given the recent regulatory changes?
We are trying our best to grow our business despite challenges and our team is working hard. We expect to sustain 20 per cent plus revenue growth both in India and at the overall company level.
(This article was published on October 28, 2014)
Related

2018 FIFA World Cup logo unveiledUpdated: October 29, 2014 09:29 IST
2018 FIFA World Cup logo unveiled
IANS
REUTERS Journalists look at a light installation showing the official logotype of the 2018 FIFA World Cup during its unveiling ceremony at the Bolshoi Theater building in Moscow on Tuesday, October 28, 2014.
TOPICS
The logo depicts the World Cup trophy in red and blue, colors from the Russian flag, with a gold trim.
FIFA President Sepp Blatter has revealed the 2018 World Cup logo.
While unveiling the logo on a Russian state TV talk show Tuesday, Blatter said the logo would show Russia’s “heart and spirit”, reports Xinhua.
The logo depicts the World Cup trophy in red and blue, colors from the Russian flag, with a gold trim.

E-commerce in India: Top investments in 2014E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  Google exploring a way to search bodies for cancer  heart diseaseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

All foreign bank accounts will be assessed by March 2015: Attorney GeneralAll foreign bank accounts will be assessed by March 2015: Attorney General
PTI
Tweet
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi coming out of Supreme Court after handing over two sealed envelopes containing names of the 627 Indians, who are holding accounts in foreign banks, to the apex court bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
With the Centre submitting a list of 627 account holders in foreign banks to the Supreme Court in the black money case, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi today said that the deadline for investigation under the Income-Tax Act into these accounts is March 31, 2015.
He said that the court directed that the sealed envelope with the names be given to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and also allowed the Centre to put its “problems regarding treaties with foreign nations” before SIT.
“After that we shall request them to submit the report in the court by November 30,” the AG said.
“There are about 627-628 accounts along with a status report which we have submitted in the Supreme Court today in a sealed cover. Last date for investigation and assessment into all these accounts is March 31, 2015.
“The court after hearing both sides, did not open the cover but directed that the sealed envelope be given to SIT itself. SIT will thereafter see what it has to do and proceed in accordance with law,” Rohatgi said.
Speaking to the media immediately after the hearing, the AG also said that this same list had been submitted to SIT in June earlier this year.
“The apex court has asked SIT to verify the list given by the government and carry on with probe in accordance with law,” he said, adding, “The court has permitted us to place our problems regarding treaties with foreign nations before SIT.’’
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

India ranks 142 in ease of doing business: World BankIndia ranks 142 in ease of doing business: World Bank
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 29:  
While India’s rank for ‘ease of doing business’ has worsened to 142nd position globally, it fares much better in terms of protection of minority investors and credit availability at 7th and 36th places, respectively.
These are the only two categories (out of total ten considered by World Bank Group) where India is ranked among top-50 countries — a target set by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the overall ranking.
Meanwhile, the country’s spot last year has been revised to 140 after making adjustments and reflects data corrections. It was at 134th position when the rankings were published last year.
Modi, in September, had said that India’s ranking could be improved to the 50th position by making government regulations easier.
India is ranked 36th with respect to ‘getting credit’ category while the country is placed at 7th spot when it comes to ‘protecting minority investors’.
In last year’s ranking, India was at 28th place in ‘getting credit’ category and 34th with regard to ‘protecting investors’.
“India strengthened minority investor protections by requiring greater disclosure of conflicts of interest by board members, increasing the remedies available in case of prejudicial related party transactions and introducing additional safeguards for shareholders of privately held companies,” the report titled ‘Doing Business 2015: Going Beyond Efficiency’ said.
On ease of getting credit in India, the World Bank report said, “... in India a little over a decade ago, an entrepreneur seeking a loan to grow his business would have had little luck because financial institutions lacked access to information systems to assess creditworthiness.
“Today, thanks to the creation and expansion of a national credit bureau offering credit scores and coverage on par with those in some high-income economies, a small business in India with a good financial history is more likely to get credit and hire more workers,” it said.
The report covers 189 countries.
The overall ranking is based on ten factors including ’starting a business’ (158th rank), ‘dealing with construction permits’ (184), ‘getting electricity’ (137)’registering property’ (121), ‘enforcing contracts’ (186), ‘trading across borders’ (126), ‘paying taxes’ (156) and ‘resolving insolvency’ (137).
In South Asia region, the report said India implemented the “largest number of regulatory reforms in that period (June 2013 to June 2014), with 20, followed by Sri Lanka with 16”.
This year, for the first time, the World Bank Group collected data for a second city in economies with a population of more than 100 million. In India, the report has considered both Delhi and Mumbai.
In a release, the World Bank Group said that India set the pace for regulatory reform in the region in 2013/14.
“It made starting a business easier by reducing registration fees and strengthened minority investor protections. And the electricity utility in Mumbai made getting a new connection less costly by reducing the security deposit,” the release noted.
Even though India made starting a business easier by considerably reducing the registration fees, the report said the country made it “more difficult by introducing a requirement to file a declaration before the commencement of business operations”.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Unearthing capital flight can add $30 bn to forex reserves  says reportUnearthing capital flight can add $30 bn to forex reserves, says report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 29:  
The unearthing of the capital flight of “black” money that Indians have allegedly stashed away in Swiss banks could add $30 billion to the country’s forex reserves, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
According to the global financial services major, though there would not be any immediate forex impact given the legal issues involved, it could add $30-35 billion to forex reserves over time.
BofA-ML has worked with an estimate of capital flight of about $200 billion, based on a recent research study.
According to the study, Raghbendra Jha and Duc Nguyen Truong, of Australian National University, estimated total capital flight of more than $186 billion during 1998-2012.
“If even half of this is unearthed, it could add $30-35 billion (three to four months of current import cover) to forex reserves over time,” BofA-ML said in a research note today.
The Centre today placed a list of names of 627 Indian account holders in HSBC Bank, Geneva, in the black money case before the Supreme Court, which asked SIT to go through the list and take appropriate action in accordance with the law.
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu did not open the sealed envelope containing the names placed by the Centre and said it would be opened only by the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT).
It asked the SIT to submit a status report of its probe by November-end.
Placing the documents before the bench, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said details of account holders were of the year 2006, which were supplied by the French government to the Centre in 2011.
The report further noted that the rupee is expected to hold Rs 58-62/USD and BofA-ML’s Asia forex strategist, Adarsh Sinha, forecasts INR to be at Rs 61/USD in December.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Jai Ho  actress Sana Khan  boyfriend arrestedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Saradha scam: ED attaches assets worth Rs. 60 crorelaw enforcement
The agency seizes an operational school, a cement factory and a number of flats and resorts in West Bengal.
A Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team questioned senior officials from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) here in Mumbai on Wednesday in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
The CBI sleuths questioned the officials to ascertain if the regulatory body was in the know of the schemes floated by the Saradha Realty, which is being probed by the agency for running a Ponzi scheme.
“We are here to ascertain if the regulatory body failed in its duty to keep a check on the dubious schemes floated by the company,” a CBI official told The Hindu.
In April, 2013, SEBI found the schemes floated by the company to be illegal and passed an order against the company.
The CBI had earlier questioned Assistant General Managers and Legal Officer of the SEBI.
In October this year, the agency filed its first charge sheet against the company chairman and managing director Sudipta Sen, his aide Debjani Mukherjee and All India Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh.

Elbert Guillory is trying to help Republicans by playing the race card. Its not working.By Nia-Malika Henderson October 29 Follow @niawapo
Our America PAC released this ad, which features Louisiana state senator Elbert Guillory slamming Sen. Kay Hagan (D-N.C.). (Our American PAC via YouTube)
Republicans have long had a very difficult time winning black voters. This is not news. That trend has been especially pronounced since Barack Obama was elected president in 2008.
The election of Obama has done something else too. It has radicalized the relatively sparse group of prominent black conservatives  -- with words like "plantation," and "slavery" regularly tossed around by the likes of Ben Carson, Allen West and Herman Cain to describe Democrats' approach to the African-American vote.
But a black state senator named Elbert Guillory in Louisiana has taken this approach to a whole new level, appearing in ads in his homestate and also in North Carolina. Both ads, which are directed specifically at black voters, have gotten lots of buzz in conservative media.
First a little background on Guillory.  He used to be a Democrat before he was a Republican and before he was a Democrat he was a Republican. He is now something of a conservative star.  His video of why he is a Republican is a viral hit on Youtube , garnering over 1 million views. As one conservative blogger put it, Guillory tells "the hard truths he believes African-Americans must face." He is the front man of a group called Free At Last, which aims to "promote Republican values in all communities." The way Guillory has promoted those values is to traffic in all manner of stereotypes about black voters.  The words "food stamps" and "overseer" and "Kool-aid" and "plantation" are used. A lot.
"You see, black people are just being used by limousine liberals who have become our new overseers," says Guillory in the North Carolina ad paid for by a group called Our America. "We've only traded one plantation for another. You are not Kay Hagan's cause and you're certainly not her charity. You are just a vote. She has stepped off your backs to fame and fortune and left you behind on food stamps, deprived of the American dream."
The Guillory ad against Mary Landrieu uses the same language. It is filmed in a neighborhood where Guillory says blacks line up to vote for Landrieu even though "she hasn't help us at all....For her, you're just a means to an end, so that she remains in power, while you scrounge together food stamps to buy Kool-aid, she sips champagne at cocktail parties."
Louisiana state senator Elbert Guillory goes after Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) in this attack ad from Free at Last PAC. (FreeAtLast PAC via YouTube)
These ads went over really well in conservative circles.  From the American Thinker : "This man is articulate, forceful, and believable, and he comes across to this pale male as authentic. But what do I know?... He gives me hope that the solid black Democrat voting bloc can be fractured." On the Mary Landrieu ad, the headline from The Right Scoop website is is "Holy Cow: Elbert Guillory Obliterates Mary Landrieu in Epic New Ad".
Focusing on food stamps and welfare and slavery imagery is common among black conservatives hoping to peel the African American community away from their strong loyalties to the Democratic party. Often, black Republicans tell stories about growing up on welfare, but then realizing that welfare was a trap and becoming a Republican.  It's essentially an ongoing conversation with Ronald Reagan's idea about the "welfare queen" buying steaks with food stamps.  (Here is a breakdown of who actually uses food stamps. Surprise, it's white people too!)
It's a political strategy that is utterly counterproductive in actually attracting black voters.  See every presidential election for the last 50 years.
 

Eight reasons my goddaughter is awesomeBy Henry Farrell October 29 Follow @henryfarrell
An Apple employee grabs an iPhone 6 for a customer at the Apple Store during the launch and sale of the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones, in Palo Alto, Calif., last week. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar, File)
Recent cognitive research by Hugo Mercier and Dan Sperber seems to show that reason is an argumentative capacity. In other words, reasoning evolved more as a way to make convincing arguments to others about why we are right and should get our own way than to figure out how the world works in the privacy of our own heads. This gives me a feeble social-scientific excuse to publish this letter (with parents’ permission but with surname removed), my 9-year-old goddaughter wrote and put on her mother’s desk a few days after she was told that she couldn’t have a phone.
Eight reasons why I need a Cell Phone
by Julia
I think I need an iPhone though, you don’t agree. I guarantee when you are finished reading this your opinion will at least have been shifted a bit.
One reason I need an iPhone is that I recently joined an acapella group. I need to listen to the music so I can practice and if I have an iPhone I could download the songs on iTunes and put on my headphones or earbuds so you would not be bothered. Also I am thinking about playing an instrument and I could use my iPhone to listen to songs and practice. You got the boys iPhones for just that reason so I know you will agree.
Another reason is that if I have an iPhone, communication will be easier. For example, if there was a change in my schedule at school I would be able to consult you quickly by texting or calling (if I am allowed to bring my phone to school).
A third reason that I should be allowed a cellphone is that I could see if extreme weather was coming. For example, if it was a snow day, you would not have to keep your phone by your bed because all of your children would have cell phones.
If I was ever lost or in trouble a cell phone would come in handy. I would be able to call for help or use a map on my phone to help me find my way home. An example would be if I got locked out of the house. Instead of going to a neighbor’s house and calling, I could call you immediately and discuss the options.
Many of my friends have cell phones that are disabled to call, so if I got a cell phone I would be able to call my friends if your decision to get me one convinced their parents to get them one. That way, my communication would not be limited to you.
Sometimes I need to call someone but I can’t find the phone because you used it to call for work even though you have a cell phone. If I had a cell phone I would never bother you about where the heck the phone was because I could use my cell phone to call instead of the home phone.
If there is ever a power outage I have trouble finding flashlights but I could use my phone as a flashlight. I know you would agree that light is important and candles should wait until I am older.
One last reason is that I promise I would use my phone responsibly and I would not go overboard with phone use. I would not get addicted as you know because I do not use my kindle all the time and if you would like me to get off or think otherwise I hope you will inform me.
I have stated many reasons that I hope help you see my side of the story. Please tell me about anything you would like to have me think about.
OK – we agree. For your birthday. love – Mom + Dad
Henry Farrell is associate professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University. He works on a variety of topics, including trust, the politics of the Internet and international and comparative political economy.

Can the GOP become the party of competent governmentHis remarks stung :
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
I always wonder why the Democrats don’t take government seriously. People have to see how government works before they believe it will work. There’s no way to see into this administration positively and see how it works. Why wasn’t Ron Klain out there this weekend, fighting as the czar? If he was going to be the chief spokesman even, let alone chief executive, of the fight against Ebola, why wasn’t he out on point? … Who’s running the White House right now? Chris Christie said he got a call from Valerie Jarrett but said he hasn’t heard from the White House. What’s that about? It’s unclear how this thing works.
A 2016 GOP contender? Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.)? No, that was MSNBC’s Chris Matthews.
The irony is great. The liberal president of the party that seeks to defend and expand the liberal welfare state has shown disdain for governance and undermined faith in the government’s ability to do anything competently. Meanwhile, the party that a year ago was vilified for the government shutdown caused by a pack of its most extreme elements is now highlighting its governors, entertaining a robust discussion of conservative reform and setting up a 2016 contest based on executive competence.
Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.), majority leader of the party that had the upper hand in the shutdown, has injured his own members by his practice of disallowing votes, blocking amendments and heightening partisanship through a change in the filibuster rules. It is the current Senate minority leader, likely the next majority leader, McConnell, who argues, “A Senate majority under my leadership would break sharply from the practices of the Reid era in favor of a far more free-wheeling approach to problem solving. I would work to restore its traditional role as a place where good ideas are generated, debated and voted upon. We’d fire up the committee process. And, by the way, when I say that, I mean Democratic ideas, too. I don’t know what they’re afraid of. You know, what are they afraid of? They’ve got 55 votes. This isn’t the way the Senate used to operate. When we were the majority, I used to tell my members the price of being in the majority is you have to give the minority votes that you’re not going to like in order to get the bill across the floor. That’s always the way it was.” Who would have thought a year ago it would be possible to argue that only Republicans can get business done in the Senate?
Democrats, rationalizing an upcoming defeat of significant proportions, are trying to convince themselves that the GOP will blow it, remind everyone how dysfunctional it can be and send the voters scurrying back to the Democrats. The attitude that “well, we don’t want the Senate majority anyway” is both juvenile and untrue. But it is symptomatic of a governing laziness that has overtaken the party and a willingness simply to create issues, not solve problems. Democratic lawmakers have unwisely and unwittingly encouraged an incompetent White House to seize additional power, thereby highlighting its inability to govern. Moreover, Senate Democrats have gotten out of practice, neglecting basic duties such as rigorous oversight and passing legislation. Now the best they can do is root for Republican failure.
Republicans will need to prove the naysayers wrong, and like their governors, show that if you want problem-solving, effective government, it is best not to leave the Democrats in charge. If the Republicans succeed, it will be a powerful advertisement for a GOP president. If not, they will let the Democrats off the hook for six years of deplorable governance.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Sharyl Attkissons compelling gripe against CBS News over Benghazi coverageBy Erik Wemple October 29 Follow @ErikWemple
Sharyl Attkisson (John P. Filo/CBS News)
So much of Sharyl Attkisson’s new book, “ Stonewalled, ” defies independent judgment. She writes about all manner of computer intrusions — possibly by government actors — yet the analysts who examine her machines appear pseudonymously or are constricted by confidentiality arrangements . She also writes about how CBS News has stifled reporting about big corporations and other hot-button issues — allegations that are common fare among investigative reporters.
Into another category falls Attkisson’s long riff on the great CBS News Benghazi scandal. Remember this one? Just days before the November 2012 presidential election, CBS News released videotape of President Obama in an interview with Steve Kroft of “60 Minutes.” That video was by then nearly two months old, having been shot on Sept. 12, just after the attacks on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya, that claimed the lives of four U.S. personnel. When asked whether he believed Benghazi was a terrorist attack, the president said it was “too early to know.”
Perhaps that exchange wasn’t explosive on Sept. 12. But as the fall wore on, it packed more and more punch. As this blog has written , the issue of how Obama described the Benghazi attack in its immediate aftermath peaked around Oct. 16, 2012, which is when Obama had that famous exchange with challenger Mitt Romney over whether he’d acknowledged Benghazi as terrorism. Or, as many critics were alleging, he danced around the issue to defend his record in fighting terrorism.
Right on the heels of that Obama-Romney face-off would have been an ideal time for CBS News to have dropped the video of Kroft and the president talking about whether Benghazi was terrorism. But the network didn’t do it.
It’s here that Attkisson’s insider perspective helps. She writes that even before that Oct. 16 debate, she had received a call from a White House official alleging that the president had called Benghazi a “terrorist attack” in a Rose Garden statement on Sept. 12. Attkisson: “I had no idea that the question of how the administration portrayed the attacks — and whether it was covering up the terrorist ties — would emerge as a touchstone leading up to the election. But the White House already seemed to know.” In fact, Obama did refer to “acts of terror” in that Rose Garden address .
A few days after the Obama-Romney debate, writes Attkisson, the question of how the president termed the attacks is still hot. CBS Evening News, writes Attkisson, “wants the controversy addressed and, preferably, put to rest.” She notes that the script from the broadcast in question features these words: “Obama stepped into the Rose Garden and spoke of the killing of four Americans as if it were a terrorist attack. ‘No act[s] of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation,’ Obama said in his Rose Garden remarks.”
In her own reporting, Attkisson faced the same corporate line on the Obama-Benghazi issue. As she’s working on a story about the attacks, this happens: “So for the second time in five days, New York has us insert the same line and Obama sound bite in an Evening News story to imply that the president had called Benghazi a terrorist attack the next day. It seems as though they’re putting a lot of effort into trying to defend the president on this point,” reads “Stonewalled.”
Later Attkisson finds out from a colleague what Obama had told Kroft in that Sept. 12 “60 Minutes” interview. “Holy s[---],” exclaims Attkisson’s colleague.
“Now, eight years after Rathergate, I feared that we’d once again mischaracterized facts in advance of a presidential election to hurt a Republican. We not only had stood by silently as the media largely sided against Romney, but we’d also taken an active part in steering them in that direction,” writes the author.
Here’s a key detail, per Attkisson: “60 Minutes” had e-mailed the entire Kroft transcript to the “CBS Evening News” office in New York “the very day it took place,” she writes. That means that the top folks at CBS News “had to have known” about the Obama sound bite throughout the key parts of the election, according to Attkisson. Or perhaps they didn’t read it.
When CBS News did publish the Kroft-Obama exchange, its news value had already wilted. “By and large, the whole episode was mostly forgotten,” notes Attkisson, who confronted CBS News boss David Rhodes:
A few weeks later, I met with David Rhodes during one of his regular visits to Washington. I asked for an update on the internal investigation. For me, there was no point in pulling punches. Speaking of the ‘Evening News’ managers who I felt had been a party to covering up the Obama bite, I said, ‘They’re dishonest, they’re unethical, and they’re not very smart. I don’t trust them, I don’t respect them, and I can’t work for them.”
Rhodes, writes Attkisson, assured her that a “full investigation was underway. Or was going to be conducted in the future. I wasn’t entirely sure.” She writes that she never heard anything more about the matter.
CBS News declined to comment on this awful episode.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Some background to the Chickenshit controversyBy David Bernstein October 29
Jeffrey Goldberg has quoted an anonymous Obama Administration official as calling Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu a “chickenshit” because Bibi refuses to make bold moves for peace that might endanger his electoral prospects.  Putting aside the incorrect use of the word chickenshit (which is not synonymous with “a chicken”), and the fact that it’s foolish to base a diplomatic strategy on assuming politicians won’t act like politicians, I think the underlying dynamic here reflects not just the general antipathy the Obama and Netanyahu administrations have for each other, but the continuing fallout from the Obama Administration’s initial gross misreading of the Israeli political scene.
Very succinctly, the Obama Administration came in to office thinking it could either force Netanyahu to make concessions , or force his government to fall.  Both the Shamir and the first Netanyahu governments made concessions and ultimately got tossed out by the voters after tensions rose with the U.S., so this was not a completely unreasonable  assumption.
However, Obama and his advisors missed several contrary factors.  The Israeli public never liked Obama, never trusted him due to his well-known associations with various anti-Israel leftists such as Rashid Khalidi. Israelis’ impressions were solidified by major blunders made by the Obama Administration, which did not get much attention in the U.S., but did in Israel. First, the Obama Administration informed the Israeli government that written assurances given to it by the Bush Administration about U.S. policy, given in response to prior Israeli concessions, were null and void. One of those assurances was that Israel would keep major settlement blocs in any peace deal, an assurance that ran counter to Obama’s first major initiative, a total settlement freeze. Undermining the promises of a president who was very popular in Israel, and making it clear that assurances from American governments have a very short expiration date, was not a way to win over Israeli public opinion.
Secretary of State John Kerry criticized reports that the relationship between the U.S. and Israel is deteriorating. This comes after an anonymous U.S. official was quoted using profanity to describe Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. (AP)
Second, Obama went to Cairo in 2009, and not only didn’t visit Israel during his trip, but presented a narrative that Obama thought was sympathetic to Israel in that it invoked the Holocaust as showing the need for a Jewish state, but hit Israeli ears as adopting the Arab narrative that Jews are not indigenous to the area, but were only given a state in the Middle East to compensate for European Christian crimes.
The very popular (in Israel) Bill Clinton confronting an only mildly popular Netanyahu in 1998 played very differently in Israel than a very unpopular Obama confronting a popular Netanyahu over the last several years. And unlike in the Bush I and Clinton years, many in Congress vocally favored Netanyahu’s position, giving the president even less leverage.
I think the Obama Administration assumed Israelis that even if Israelis didn’t swoon over  Obama as much of the rest of the world did back in 2009, given Obama’s close ties to and huge support within the American Jewish community Israelis would presume good will, and that Obama therefore did not need to schmooze the Israeli public.  These assumptions proved wildly incorrect.
The Obama Administration also seemed to be caught off-guard by the fact that since the late 1990s, with one Intifada, one war in Lebanon, and one war in Gaza under their belts, all following previous Israeli withdrawals, Israeli public opinion had hardened against unilateral concessions, even when backed by the United States. (Note also that Netanyahu ultimately did agree to temporary settlement freeze, but Abbas then refused to negotiate until the last minute, and yet the Administration wasn’t nearly as critical of Abbas as of Netanyahu. Israelis noticed.)
Finally, there have been comments from Administration officials showing that suggest a very shallow understanding of Israeli politics. The most telling such comment is when an Obama Administration official in 2012 made the nonsensical assertion that Netanyahu is “essentially a Republican.”  Charitably, this means that at least some in the Administration think about Netanyahu as a political enemy, which, moreover, is consistent with a remark made by Obama to Jewish leaders in 2008, to the effect that being pro-Israel doesn’t mean being pro-Likud , which happens to be Netanyahu’s party.  Uncharitably, it means that the nuances of Israeli politics, even the fact that you absolutely can’t coherently map Israeli politics onto American political divisions, are completely lost on them.
One could write an equally long post on the way the Israeli government has misjudged and misplayed its hand with regard to the Obama Administration.  But from the administration’s side, they expected Netanyahu either to concede to American wishes (i.e., “make bold moves for peace”), or be voted out by the Israeli electorate. Instead, Netanyahu has managed to stay his own course, and still is in no danger of losing his parliamentary majority. Hence administration frustration and “chickenshit.”
UPDATE: FWIW, I don’t think any concessions by Netanyahu would have made a difference, because I don’t think the Palestinians are willing to concede the “right of return”, and therefore there can be no deal. Nevertheless, to the extent the Obama Administration was banking on Netanyahu making “heroic” concessions a la Begin and the Sinai, what was their backup plan?
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Friends  family gather for Ben Bradlees funeralBy Paul Farhi , Mark Berman and Amy Argetsinger October 29 Follow @farhip Follow @markberman Follow @AmyArgetsinger
Quinn Bradlee, a son of former Washington Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee, speaks at his father's funeral. (AP)
A sea of mourners gathered at the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., to remember Benjamin C. Bradlee, the editor who guided The Washington Post’s newsroom for nearly a quarter of a century.
The funeral Wednesday morning was an opportunity for a long list of colleagues, friends, politicians and luminaries to remember Bradlee as a pivotal force in American journalism, a man they said inspired awe in his employees and showed no fear during a career spent searching for the truth. But amid the famous names and the security details, it was also a chance for his loved ones to say goodbye.
“My father was the happiest man I ever met,” Quinn Bradlee, his youngest son, said during emotional remarks that were followed by people dabbing their eyes across the cathedral. “Everyone who ever met him wanted more of him. They wanted to be his best friend. They wanted to please him. They all reacted the same way.”
Ben Bradlee Jr., left, and Quinn Bradlee stop to pay tribute at their father’s casket. (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
The famous newspaperman was recalled for his personality and exploits, but he was also exceptionally welcoming and kind, Quinn said.
“He lived, he loved, he laughed,” he said. “We should all strive to take this path.”
Quinn Bradlee: “People talk about his colorful language, but in my opinion he had the most colorful heart.”
— Benjamin Freed (@brfreed) October 29, 2014
“We knew somebody much better than his very large reputation,” Donald Graham, the first speaker and former publisher of The Post, said during his remarks . “Even braver, even smarter, much more fun.” “He had his faults, and if my mother Katharine Graham was still here, believe me, she could go on a very long time about those,” Graham continued. “But she literally wrote the book about how great Ben Bradlee was, and it was a very long book.”
Ben Bradlee Jr., wearing a tie and shirt that belonged to his namesake, recalled his father as someone who naturally used off-color language and did not dwell extensively on mistakes and missteps. “He was not introspective in the least,” Bradlee recalled, but he was someone who encouraged others to have fun.
Ben Bradlee Jr. “I’m proud to be his namesake. ” — Hadas Gold (@Hadas_Gold) October 29, 2014
Other speakers at the service for Bradlee, who died last week at 93 , included  Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward , the reporters who broke the Watergate story under Bradlee; Washington Post editors and writers; and Tom Brokaw of NBC News.
“He was not afraid,” Carl Bernstein said during his remarks . He recalled a time when he and Bob Woodward, reporting on the Watergate story, had to ask Bradlee about comments made by then-Attorney General John Mitchell . As Bernstein recalled, Bradlee told the young reporters that if their reporting was correct, if they had identified themselves, that was all that mattered.
“He pulled off being Bradlee because he wasn’t afraid,” Bernstein said. “Of presidents, of polio, of political correctness, of publishing the Pentagon Papers…of making mistakes.”
“I loved this man…” – Bob Woodward at Benjamin Bradlee Funeral – LIVE on C-SPAN http://t.co/RdY1NzvDzi pic.twitter.com/LOxBqawutC — CSPAN (@cspan) October 29, 2014
Woodward, speaking after Bernstein, called Bradlee “a journalistic warrior” who prowled the newsroom searching for hidden truths, gossip and news. He said that the people who worked under and with Bradlee loved him. “In almost every discussion or encounter with Ben, no matter how fleeting, he made you feel better about yourself,” Woodward said . “He made you want to be better.”
Journalist Sally Quinn, Bradlee’s wife, at his funeral. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
The service was open to the public, so members of the community filled the main section of the cathedral along with a roster of bold-faced names including Jeff Bezos, owner of The Post, Vice President Biden and Jill Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer and Sen. Patrick Leahy.
“For me, it was just enough to know him and to love him.” ~ Tom Brokaw, at Ben Bradlee’s funeral — Nina L. Diamond (@ninatypewriter) October 29, 2014
Mourners attending Ben Bradlee's funeral at the National Cathedral shared some of their fondest memories of the late Washington Post executive editor. (Alice Li and JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
The room was filled with journalists who had worked for Bradlee years ago and those who only knew his legend, as new media gathered alongside old media .  At the cathedral’s entrance before the service, two of Bradlee’s successors at The Post – Marcus Brauchli and Leonard Downie — had gathered together. Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and Dean Baquet, publisher and executive editor of the New York Times, respectively, were joined by former Washington Post publisher Katharine Weymouth.
“He was larger than life,” Weymouth, a pallbearer, said. His death is “the end of an era and the beginning of a new era.”
But among those who spoke to the assembled crowd, there were calls to remember Bradlee for more than his personality and history. They instead said that people should look to the work Bradlee did and championed for guidance.
“Future journalists should ask, ‘What would Ben do?’” David Ignatius, a columnist for The Post, said during his remarks .
Outside, mourners had shared space on sidewalks with packs of St. Albans’ students in school uniforms, the children mixed with former Defense Secretary Donald Rumseld and journalist Ted Koppel.
Secretary of State John Kerry, left, and Vice President Joe Biden after the funeral. (Jim Lo Scalzo/EPA)
Inside, people who had worked with Bradlee recalled their experiences. Peter Perl, a former Post editor and reporter, recalled his interview with Bradlee.
“Ben asked me, ‘So why should we hire you?’” Perl said Wednesday. “I said, ‘I’m a really good softball player and I can really help the Post’s team.’ Ben laughed at that. I got the job.”
Elizabeth Drew, the veteran political journalist and the preeminent chronicler of Watergate who did not work for Bradlee, looked around at the hundreds of mourners, impressed by the turnout.
“Some are here because it’s to be seen,” she said. “But for most, it’s a real affection. A lot of friendships that go way back. Look at the range of people! It’s just amazing!”
There was a reason for that, Drew said. “He was a good man,” she said. “He was a nice man. He was kind.”
Cathy Horyn, who recently retired as the New York Times’s longtime fashion critic, recalled Wednesday what happened when he hired her in August 1990 after a breakfast meeting. “I was terrified,” she said. “I was very impressed and awed. I was babbling about fashion, and finally Ben said, ‘I know nothing about fashion. I always counted on Nina Hyde to tell me what I needed to know, and I want to count on you to do that for me.”
There were also stories of how Bradlee would stand up for his reporters. John Harris, a former Post reporter who co-founded Politico, recalled a time he wrote a profile of someone in suburban Maryland who was unhappy at being labeled an irresponsible firebrand.
“He wrote a five-page letter to Ben,” Harris said. “He replied with two sentences: ‘You aren’t serious. If there aren’t some people who’d consider you an irresponsible firebrand, I’ll eat that piece by John Harris.’ It was the best thing a 22-year-old reporter could imagine.”
The Very Rev. Gary Hall, the Cathedral’s dean, officiated  the service. The service is streaming live at  washingtonpost.com  and is being televised on C-SPAN.
You can watch Don Graham’s remarks here:
Donald E. Graham, former publisher of The Washington Post, speaks at the funeral of former Washington Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee. (AP)
Here are Carl Bernstein’s remarks:
Former Washington Post reporter Carl Bernstein speaks at the funeral of former Washington Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee. (AP)
And here are Bob Woodward’s remarks:
The Washington Post's Bob Woodward speaks at the funeral of former Washington Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee. (AP)
Ben Bradlee Jr.’s remarks:
Ben Bradlee Jr., a son of former Washington Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee, speaks at his father's funeral. (AP)
Tom Brokaw’s remarks:
Tom Brokaw of NBS News speaks at the funeral of former Washington Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee. (AP)
The program is below:
The memorial booklet being handed out at today’s ceremony (courtesy of Brian Noyes):
Share your tributes in the comments below. The comment stream will be tightly moderated in accordance with our community guidelines .
1 of 30

Women are paying more attention to the midterms than men  according to their Facebook pagesBy Darla Cameron October 29 Follow @darlacameron
From July 10 to Oct. 19, 22 million Facebook users in the United States posted about the election, liked candidates' pages or wrote comments -- for a total of 150 million times. That's 11 percent of the site's active users. As you can see in the chart above, people were most active in Maine and least active in New York. These percentages are based on the number of unique users who engaged the conversation about the midterm elections divided by the total number of active people on Facebook in each state or demographic group.
Below, you can see which demographic groups are most likely to chat about the election online across the country and in each individual state.
Darla makes graphics that tell stories at the intersection of business and politics (especially when there are maps involved). Before joining the Post, she worked at the Tampa Bay Times and graduated from the Missouri School of Journalism.

Focus on food security at Club of Rome annual meetFocus on food security at Club of Rome annual meet
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 29:  
It’s one thing to draft policies, another to make sense of them to implement holistically. Policy coherence with a focus on food security is what the Indian chapter of the Club of Rome (CoR), a global think tank established in 1968, intends to pursue at its two-day annual conference that began here on Thursday.
Progressive thinking has been CoR’s forte over the decades. In 1972, the group commissioned ‘The Limits To Growth’ report, based on a mathematical model that explored the interaction between exponential economic and population growth and finite resources. Hitherto a subject largely absent in public debate, the report brought the question of sustainable development to the fore and is still quoted some 40 years later.
“The essence of CoR is to think systems and inter-linkages between different sectors and policy initiatives and to see that they add up to a net-positive outcome. We thought we’d push for policy coherence in food security since our policy-making systems often pull in different directions,” said Ashok Khosla, President, CoR, Indian National Association for CoR.
The conference brings politicians, bureaucrats, economists and agri-scientists together to discuss food security policies from socio-economic and political viewpoints. Importantly, it also aims to address how policies can help scale up social entrepreneurship, a growing field in India, alongside agricultural innovations.
“There are five million newborns affected by malnutrition each year. Food security, particularly in developing nations like India, is interesting due to the many related aspects, from trade, water and energy policies, land ownership, the environment etc. All of these subjects play a role in the supply-demand scenario,” Khosla told Business Line.
“So ultimately this conference will look at healthier, more systemic and long-term policymaking on food security and explore the unintended consequences of policies that seemingly don’t impact food production,” he said.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

ENC vows to restore greeneryUpdated: October 29, 2014 22:22 IST
ENC vows to restore greenery
Special Correspondent
Tweet
PHOTO: K.R. DEEPAK Chief of Naval Staff Admiral R.K. Dhowan along with Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Eastern Naval Command Vice Admiral Satish Soni meeting Army and Navy officers and men during his visit to the ENC on Wednesday.
The Hindu Chief of Naval Staff Admiral R.K. Dhowan along with Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Eastern Naval Command Vice Admiral Satish Soni planting a sapling to launch the campaign to green the Eastern Naval Command during his visit to the ENC to review the damage caused by Cyclone Hudhud in Visakhapatnam on Wednesday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
The Indian Navy would plant 1,00,000 saplings to replace the 50,000 trees that were uprooted or damaged by the very severe cyclonic storm Hudhud in the Eastern Naval Command of the Indian Navy, Chief of Naval Staff Admiral R K Dhowan said.
He planted a sapling on the premises of SI Taranga in the Naval Base here in the presence of Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Naval Command, Vice Admiral Satish Soni, on Wednesday to launch the campaign to restore greenery.
Expressing concern over the loss of green cover in the City of Destiny and specifically the Naval areas, the Admiral reiterated the Navy’s commitment to restoring the green cover of the city in the shortest possible time.
Addressing media later, he appreciated the efforts of the officers and men of the ENC in working hard to protect the assets and later on in the relief operations overlooking the damage wrought to their homes. The efforts of the Navy officers and men in the cyclone relief operations spoke volumes of their dedication to service and the nation, he said.
Fleet review
The International Fleet Review, scheduled to be held in February 2016, would be held as per schedule and the C-in-C has assured that the ENC would be restored fully to host the prestigious event, he announced. The restoration work would not only make the Navy, the State and the country proud but also stand as an example for all the navies in the world on how to overcome adversity, he said.

Wilson game-time decision vs. DetroitBy Alex Prewitt October 29 Follow @alex_prewitt
Tom Wilson better play because we’re running out of photos (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post).
Capitals forward Tom Wilson spent Wednesday’s morning skate rotating with Eric Fehr as the fourth line right winger, and both exited the practice rink within moments of each other, still unsure exactly who would skate later that night against Detroit.
Would it be Wilson, the 20-year-old rehabilitated from summer ankle surgery , hoping to make his NHL debut this season? Or would it be Fehr, the human pinball and in-house nomad, shuttled between groups through eight games, capable of adapting to any situation?
“We’re going to see that after warmup,” Coach Barry Trotz said, when asked if Wilson would play. ‘I think there’s a good chance, yes. Yeah, just how I feel. Probably if Willie doesn’t, probably Eric will come out, yeah.”
Of course, before Washington flew to western Canada last week, Trotz declared Wilson likely to travel and debut in Vancouver, before the two decided a conditioning stint in Hershey would serve him better. The trust exists, Wilson said, knowing the decision remains out of his hands.
“This isn’t their first rodeo,” Wilson said. “They’ve been around, they’ve been watching kids come up, they’ve been coaching the game and watching players. I think they know what’s best, and at the end of the day they’re going to put the team on the ice that’s going to give them the best chance to win. If that’s me and I can contribute, that’s what I’m going to do.”
With forward Liam O’Brien gobbling fourth-line minutes and dropping the gloves when necessary, Wilson can focus on readjusting to NHL speed, without concern for fighting. He also echoed Trotz’s long-term outlook, preferring caution for the future over the urge to skate as soon as possible.
“It’s really exciting for me as a young guy coming into this, drafted to this organization, it really hits home,” he said. “I want to be around for the good and the bad, the whole time. This team is such a good organization that every year, they put together a team that has a chance to win. They’ve got such good talent. I just want to be a part of that every year in the future. Hopefully year to year my role gets a little bigger. You learn more, you become more of a leader, stuff like that. As a young player coming into the league, that’ll be big.”
Fehr, meanwhile, would be scratched for the first time this season. He has played right wing beside Alex Ovechkin and Nicklas Backstrom, and centered Jason Chimera and Joel Ward, averaging over 17 minutes per game with two assists. His even-strength Corsi-for, a measurement of shot differential, ranks fifth on the team .
“I think I can get more from him,” Trotz said. “He’s played about 17 ½ minutes, he’s played up on high lines, not really getting much production. He can skate more, he can be on pucks a little better. Need a little more from him. He’s not that far off, but I know he can be better for us.”
With a surplus of healthy forwards, and more to soon arrive with Brooks Laich (shoulder) and Aaron Volpatti (neck) nearing readiness, Trotz knows ice time can serve as a powerful motivator.
“When you have some depth, it pushes players, there’s no question,” Trotz said. “It’s harder to get comfortable when you have players who can push people … If you’re not having impact, then it’s an easy fix to take a guy out and try someone else in there.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Telecom regulator raps DoT for delay in spectrum allocationTelecom regulator raps DoT for delay in spectrum allocation
Our Bureau
Backs operators seeking more time to shift to new frequencies
New Delhi, October 29:  
Telecom regulator TRAI has expressed serious concerns over the delay in allocating spectrum to mobile operators that had won airwaves in the auctions held in February.
TRAI has said the delay will impact 20 million subscribers in Delhi alone as the operators do not have enough time to swap from the existing frequencies to the fresh band.
Mobile licences issued in 1994 for Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata are set to expire in November this year. Barring Loop Mobile, the other players had managed to win fresh spectrum in the auctions held in February, which will allow them to continue services for another 20 years.
Extension sought
Operators need at least three months to tune their networks from the old frequency band to the airwaves they won in the auction.
However, the DoT has allocated the spectrum only recently leaving just over a month for the swap.
Mobile operators, including Vodafone and Airtel, had sought a six-month extension of the old licences to enable the migration but the DoT has so far not done so. Vodafone had even approached TRAI to intervene. In response, TRAI has written to the DoT to hold a meeting with the operators and find a solution in a way that takes care of consumer interest.
“The Authority is seriously concerned that this delay on the part of Wireless Planning and Coordination (a DoT unit that manages spectrum) in assigning spectrum in the 1800 MHz band may lead to a partial breakdown of services offered by these two operators (Airtel and Vodafone), especially in Delhi,” the TRAI letter to DoT stated.
“It is apprehended that in December 2014, there will be a serious deterioration in the quality of service to these subscribers because of call drops, network congestion,” it added.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Air charter operators oppose DGCA move to change rulesAir charter operators oppose DGCA move to change rules
Our Bureau
Say over 4,000 people will lose jobs if new rules are implemented
New Delhi, October 29:  
Over 4,000 people will lose their jobs as 80 of the 120 non-scheduled operator permit (NSOPs) holders or air charter operators will have to close down if the proposed amendment by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), to allow only those with a minimum fleet of three aircraft, is enacted.
NSOPs are operators who own aircraft or helicopters but are not allowed to operate them according to a fixed schedule like the scheduled airlines like Jet Airways, Air India or IndiGo all of whom are allowed to publish time tables giving out the exact timings of their operations. The DGCA has proposed revisions to the minimum requirements for granting permits to operate Non-Scheduled Air Transport Services so that only those NSOP permit holders who have a fleet of minimum three aeroplanes or helicopters are given such permits.
The amendment proposes that to facilitate the start of operations, operators will be permitted to operate with one aeroplane/helicopter and will be given one year from the date of securing the operator’s permit to have a fleet of three aeroplane/helicopters. The amendment proposes that during the one-year period, the operator will be permitted to operate non-scheduled services if it meets all airworthiness and operational requirements for such operations. Asking the DGCA to reconsider its move, the Business Aircraft Operators’ Association has, in a letter pointed out, that the proposed amendment will severely retard the growth of regional and remote connectivity, a key proposal of the Ministry of Civil Aviation. “A majority of the NSOP operators fly only one aircraft and are looking to deploy these on such routes,” the letter pointed out. It adds that increasing the fleet strength from one to three aircraft requires financial commitments which are beyond the reach of most NSOPs. “There is very little business sense to invest in more aircraft at a time when demand in aviation has been sluggish over the past many years,” the letter said.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

Consensus eludes Krishna water board meetConsensus eludes Krishna water board meet
V.Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 29:  
There was no consensus at the meeting held by the Krishna River Water Management Board convened here to resolve issues between the two ‘warring’ States of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
The meeting held here today chaired by the Krishna River Management Board Chairman NKG Pandit could not bring both the State representatives to a consensus on various issues relating to use of Krishna river water for power generation, irrigation and other purposes.
During the meeting of the Board where representatives from the Godavrai Board and Telangna and Andhra Pradesh states participated aired their views and remained firm on the water utilisation citing the Government Orders passed in the past.
The meeting agenda included power generation at Srisailam and Nagarjunasgar, release of water to Rayalasema region for irrigation and drinking water, water storage at Pulichintala and its fall out on submergence, among several other irksome issues between the two states which have reached a flashpoint.
During the meeting, while the Board had suggested use of 3 tmc water up to November 3 for power generation, Telangana did not agree stating that their interests are not being considered. It referred to earlier instances of use of water to substantiate its stand. It also demanded that a more broadbased meeting should be held on the matter of sharing of water resources and power generation.
The Board has convened another meeting on Thursday at 11 am.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

FBI Searches Home Of Suspected Post-Snowden Intelligence LeakerFBI Searches Home Of Suspected Post-Snowden Intelligence Leaker
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -- The FBI has searched the Northern Virginia home of a government contractor suspected of disclosing details of the U.S. government's terrorist watch list to The Intercept, according to Yahoo News .
Yahoo’s Michael Isikoff reported Monday that the federal prosecutors have opened up a criminal investigation into disclosures from the suspected “second leaker,” a reference to the source not being former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.
In August, The Intercept’s Jeremy Scahill and Ryan Devereaux reported that nearly half of the 680,000 people on the U.S. database of terrorist suspects “are not connected to any known terrorist group.” They described the documents they received as having been provided by a “source in the intelligence community.”
Scahill, along with Intercept co-founders Glenn Greenwald and Laura Poitras, has reported extensively on classified documents provided by Snowden. But Poitras’s new documentary, Citizenfour, makes clear that Snowden was not Scahill's source. In fact, Snowden appears shocked at the end of the film about the degree of information provided by the "second leaker."
"Without commenting on any purported sources: Jeremy Scahill and Ryan Devereaux’s reporting for The Intercept on the federal watchlisting program brought crucial information about this preposterously overbroad and inefficient system to light, and has been repeatedly cited by civil liberties groups and civil rights attorneys who are seeking the intervention of federal courts to reign in its excesses,” Intercept editor-in-chief John Cook said in a statement to The Huffingont Post.
Indeed, the ACLU recently cited The Intercept's report in relation to a lawsuit challenging the government's criteria for its No Fly List.
Cook said that "any attempt to criminalize the public release of those stories benefits only those who exercise virtually limitless power in secret with no accountability."
The Obama administration has prosecuted more current and former government officials under the Espionage Act for disclosing information to the news media than all previous administrations combined, and has prompted fears of a chilling effect on investigative journalism. New York Times reporter James Risen, who is still being pursued by the administration to reveal a source in court, has called President Obama “the greatest enemy of press freedom that we’ve had in generations.”
Isikoff reported that some in the U.S. intelligence community are concerned that DOJ officials may be reluctant to bring criminal charges against the source because of criticism over how the government has handled previous high-profile leak cases. Still, another source told Isikoff that "investigators are continuing to pursue it, but are not ready to charge yet."
More:

How to Triage Your Emailreddit
Email is the quintessential blessing & curse of the modern workplace. On one hand, it has the potential of being the most powerful tool for efficiency. On the other, it can completely destroy productivity. What is the deciding factor for which side of the fence it falls on?
Urgency & Priority
We must come to grips with the FACT that not everything has the same urgency and therefore does not have the same priority. So why do most of us sit parked at our computer, responding to emails in chronological order? Why are we checking email 50+ times per day ? Why do we allow our inbox to be the organization system for everyone else's to-do list?  How can we give our immediate attention to something based purely on the order in which it arrived?
To better understand my point, let's take a look at the modern day emergency room - specifically the triage.  When you arrive at the emergency room, this is your first stop.  It is the place where your condition is prioritized into three general categories:
Immediately life threatening
Urgent, but not immediately life threatening
Less urgent
The premise of this system is to prevent someone with a life threatening condition from waiting simply because they arrived a few minutes later than someone with a less urgent problem.  The same approach should be given to your inbox.
When working email, your "triage" approach should be as follows:
Immediate - can be completed in a few minutes or less
Urgent - needs done today, but requires more than a few minutes to complete
Less Urgent - doesn't need addressed until tomorrow or later
Email should be worked in batches and you should be in full triage mode:  knocking out emails that can be accomplished in a few minutes or less and marking the rest for follow-up according to priority.  Once the triage is complete, you can switch to your "urgent" emails and work there until either your next batch is due to be checked or you have nothing left to work on except the less urgent category.
Incorporating a 5 minute reshuffle of your urgency levels each morning will keep you focused on the right things at the right time.  At some point things that were "less urgent" will need addressed that day and should be moved onto the "urgent" list.  Adding this morning ritual along with the triage approach to your inbox will ensure you are not giving your attention to a task due next week while a heart attack level item is being ignored.
--

Where Americans can (nearly) study for freeBy Rick Noack October 29 Follow @rick_n
The Humboldt University of Berlin was illuminated during the 10th annual Festival of Lights in Berlin  in October. (EPA/PAUL ZINKEN)
Since 1985, U.S. college costs have surged by about 500 percent, and tuition fees keep rising. In Germany, they've done the opposite.
The country's universities have been tuition-free since the beginning of October, when Lower Saxony became the last state to scrap the fees. Tuition rates were always low in Germany, but now the German government fully funds the education of its citizens -- and even of foreigners.
Explaining the change, Dorothee Stapelfeldt, a senator in the northern city of Hamburg, said tuition fees "discourage young people who do not have a traditional academic family background from taking up study.  It is a core task of politics to ensure that young women and men can study with a high quality standard free of charge in Germany."
What might interest potential university students in the United States is that Germany offers some programs in English -- and it's not the only country. Let's take a look at the surprising -- and very cheap -- alternatives to pricey American college degrees.
Germany
People lounge on the lawn in front of the Reichstag on Oct. 3, 2014 in Berlin. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images)
Germany's higher education landscape primarily consists of internationally well-ranked public universities, some of which receive special funding because the government deems them "excellent institutions." What's more, Americans can earn a German undergraduate or graduate degree without speaking a word of German and without having to pay a single dollar of tuition fees: About 900 undergraduate or graduate degrees are offered exclusively in English, with courses ranging from engineering to social sciences. For some German degrees, you don't even have to formally apply.
In fact, the German government would be happy if you decided to make use of its higher education system. The vast degree offerings in English are intended to prepare German students to communicate in a foreign language, but also to attract foreign students, because the country needs more skilled workers.
Finland
This northern European country charges no tuition fees, and it offers a large number of university programs in English. However, the Finnish government amiably  reminds interested foreigners that they "are expected to independently cover all everyday living expenses." In other words: Finland will finance your education, but not your afternoon coffee break.
France
Fireworks burst around the Eiffel Tower as part of Bastille Day celebrations on July 14, 2014, in Paris. (Photo by Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images)
There are at least 76 English-language undergraduate programs in France, but many are offered by private universities and are expensive. Many more graduate-level courses, however, are designed for English-speaking students, and one out of every three French doctoral degrees is awarded to a foreign student.
"It is no longer needed to be fluent in French to study in France," according to the government agency Campus France. The website studyportals.eu provides a comprehensive list of the available courses in France and other European countries.
Public university programs charge only a small tuition fee of about 200 dollars for most programs. Other, more elite institutions have adopted a model that requires students to pay fees that are based on the income of their parents. Children of unemployed parents can study for free, while more privileged families have to pay more. This rule is only valid for citizens of the European Union, but even the maximum fees (about $14,000 per year) are often much lower than U.S. tuition fees. Some universities, such as Sciences Po Paris, offer dual degrees with U.S. colleges.
Sweden
A tram crosses at Kungsportsavenyn, the main street in Gothenburg, Sweden (Casper Hedberg/Bloomberg News).
This Scandinavian country is among the world's wealthiest, and its beautiful landscape beckons. It also offers some of the world's most cost-efficient college degrees. More than 900  listed programs in 35 universities are taught in English. However, only Ph.D programs are tuition-free.
Norway
Norwegian universities do not charge tuition fees for international students. The Norwegian higher education system is similar to the one in the United States: Class sizes are small and professors are easily approachable. Many Norwegian universities offer programs taught in English. American students, for example, could choose "Advanced Studies for Solo Instrumentalists or Chamber Music Ensembles" or " Development Geography ."
But don't expect to save money in Norway, which has one of the world's highest costs of living for expats.   And be careful where you decide to study. "Winters in general are quite different in different parts of the country, with the north having hard, arctic winters, and the southwest mostly having mild, wet average European winters," the Norwegian Center for International Cooperation in Education notes.
Slovenia
About 150 English programs are available , and foreign nationals only pay an insignificant registration fee when they enroll. Slovenia borders Italy and Croatia, among Europe's most popular vacation destinations. However, Times Higher Education, a weekly magazine based in London, did not list  one Slovenian university in its recent World University Ranking.
Brazil 
Buildings line Copacabana beach where Christ the Redeemer towers the city in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Friday, May 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Hassan Ammar)
Some Brazilian courses are taught in English , and state universities charge only minor registration fees. Times Higher Education ranks two Brazilian universities among the world's top 400: the University of Sao Paulo and the State University of Campinas. However, Brazil might be better suited for exchange students seeking a cultural experience rather than a degree.
"It is worth remembering that most of USP activities are carried out in Portuguese," the University of Sao Paulo reminds applicants on its website.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

The twin tragedies of an Army generals family  laid bareBy Dan Lamothe October 29 Follow @danlamothe
Kevin Graham, left, is shown here as a senior ROTC cadet in June 2002, about a year before he committed suicide. Jeffrey Graham, right, is shown in Iraq in February 2004, days before he was killed in a bomb blast. (Photos courtesy the Graham family)
Mark Graham was the chief of staff at the Army’s artillery school at Fort Sill, Okla., when his boss approached him and delivered devastating news: Graham’s son Jeff had just been killed in a bomb blast in Iraq. With tears streaming down his face, Graham and then-Maj. Gen. David Valcourt told Graham’s wife, who reflected quickly on the cruelty of it all.
“Our boys are together again,” Carol Graham told her husband. “Wherever they are, they’re not alone anymore.”
The Graham family already had lost their other son, Kevin, to suicide a year prior. A bright student and ROTC cadet at the University of Kentucky, he had been planned to join the Army after graduating, but killed himself by hanging himself from a ceiling fan in apartment he shared with Jeff and their sister, Melanie. He had been struggling with depression for years, but his family never knew the full extent of it.
“We thought, ‘Our son has depression? No way! He’s going to be an Army doctor. He has great grades,” said the elder Graham, who retired as a two-star general in 2012.
The experience of the Grahams is described in “The Invisible Front: Love and Loss in an Era of Endless War.” The book, by Foreign Policy magazine managing editor Yochi Dreazen, was released this month, and traces the narrative of the Graham family from the couple’s first meeting at Murray State University in Kentucky.
The Graham family, in their last photograph together. It was taken at Jeffrey Graham’s commissioning ceremony in May 2003. (Photo courtesy the Graham family)
Graham was dismayed to see how differently the deaths of his sons were treated. The family decided to open their lives to scrutiny because they wanted others to discuss mental illness. The book does so not only in sharing the family’s history, but in examining how war changes those who experience it, and the downward spiral it can cause after returning home.
“It was kind of a walk of faith and a little scary, but our Army family and our blood family have both been really supportive,” Carol said. “We feel like we’ve done the right thing.”
The general, who last served at Fort Bragg, N.C., as the director of operations, plans and training for U.S. Army Forces Command, said several writers had asked if his family would be willing to share their story in a book. They chose Dreazen after developing a familiarity with him after he traveled to Fort Carson, Colo., in 2009 to profile the general for the Wall Street Journal .
After losing his two sons, Graham was the the top commander on base as it grappled with a suicide problem. Seeking to change the culture about how suicide was viewed at Carson, he used his authority to make sure that all soldiers who died received full military funerals and memorial services, whether killed in combat or through suicide. The decision wasn’t popular with everyone, but he stood his ground.
The general now runs Vets4Warriors , a hotline staffed by veterans to take calls from active-duty troops. It is funded by the Defense Suicide Prevention Office, which was established by the Pentagon in 2011 to grapple with the military’s broad problem with suicide.
The book acknowledges the Grahams imperfections, including binge drinking and a previous lack of communication about a mental illness in the family. Mark Graham said it was hard to read, but feels the issues explored are “bigger than us.”
“I think people know me and my wife aren’t perfect,” he said. “My kids aren’t perfect. But we’re a normal American family.”
The Graham brothers’ cemetery headstones in Kentucky. (Photo courtesy the Grahams)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Streaming TV companies might soon play by cables rules and thats a good thingBy Brian Fung October 29 Follow @b_fung
U.S. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst)
As Americans begin watching more of their TV online, federal regulators want to even the playing field to make new Internet startups — such as the recently announced CBS streaming app or Aereo — more competitive next to their bigger rivals in the cable and satellite business.
A new proposal being circulated around the Federal Communications Commission would do just that. In a blog post  Tuesday, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler acknowledged that consumers are being forced to "buy channels they never watch." He added that the agency was attempting to "open access to cable programs as well as local television," which should "give consumers more alternatives from which to choose so they can buy the programs they want."
When the FCC gets around to voting on the proposal, the result could mean being able to mix and match video sources more easily. There's a sense that the industry is already moving to embrace consumer interest in standalone video services. This month, HBO and CBS both announced that they would be launching Internet apps that allow non-cable subscribers to watch programming for a separate fee.
These and other Web-based video streamers have so far operated in a kind of limbo. Federal rules just weren't clear on exactly how these services ought to be regulated. The FCC rules, if they are adopted, would treat them just like cable companies such as Time Warner Cable, which pays programmers to offer their shows to consumers.
But the FCC proposal leaves out several of the most well-known video streamers -- Netflix and Amazon Instant Video. This may be a confusing distinction -- after all, what's really the difference between CBS's streaming app and Hulu? The agency has said it distinguishes apps like CBS All Access because it provides programming on a schedule, while the Netflixes of the world offer shows on demand. But analysts have said what's really going on here is that the agency does not want to pull Web-based services such as Hulu into its orbit because of the political minefield surrounding the regulation of Web companies.
But there's another big benefit to the FCC proposal. Wheeler argued that the move would also help companies trying to break into the broadband market. These firms, such as Google Fiber, could focus on just building super high-speed connections without having to worry about being treated like a cable company. Currently they are being forced to pay a fee for video programming that travels over their pipes. According to Google, those costs are  the single biggest thing holding Google Fiber back.
The FCC's announcement also offers encouragement to Aereo, which has agreed to start paying content licensing fees (in hopes of a better eventual deal from Congress).
"The way people consume television is rapidly changing," said Aereo chief executive Chet Kanojia, "and our laws and regulations have not kept pace. By clarifying these rules, the FCC is taking a real and meaningful step forward for competition in the video market."
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Negotiations on Rafale deal moving in right...Air Force
(France voiced satisfaction…)
NEW DELHI: France today voiced satisfaction over the ongoing negotiations for the finalisation of the multi-billion dollar contract for the 126 medium multi- role combat aircraft (MMRCA), saying it was moving in the "right direction".
French envoy to India Francois Richier played down the delay in the finalisation of the much-delayed contract for the supply of 126 Rafale fighter planes, saying that such "complex" issues does take time.
"The negotiations are progressing well," Richier said, recalling that there were statements made by Indian defence officials in the recent past about the progress and also recent visit of CEO of French Dassault Aviation SA, the makers of Rafale.
"It is a signal that it is moving in the right direction," he said at a press conference.
Asked about the recent reported comments of Russian envoy to India that Rafale "will be swatted like mosquito in an August night" by Russia's Sukhoi-27, the French Ambassador said he would not like to make make any remarks on comments by a "grumpy competitor".
The French firm was selected in January 2012 by India for supplying 126 Rafale medium multi-role combat aircraft to the Air Force .
The negotiations have lately slowed down over some issues, including the imposition of liquidity damages or penalties for any delays in the supply of the aircraft to be manufactured in the country.
Playing down the delay, a French diplomat said, "The final negotiations for the upgradation of Mirage took three years. This is a very big contract, complex," adding, "It takes time."
He refused to put a timeline for the final signing of contract.
The cost of the biggest-ever single deal is also likely to come up for discussion during the two sides. India had selected the French Rafale combat aircraft after an over five- year process where five other firms manufacturing American F/A-18 and F-16, Russian MiG 35, European Eurofighter and Swedish Saab Gripen were also in the race.
However, the process of finalising the contract has been quite slow and still the role and responsibilities to be shared between the state-owned Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) and Dassault Aviation have not been fully agreed upon.
Out of the 126 aircraft to be manufactured for the IAF, 18 are proposed to be supplied directly by the French from their facilities in France whereas the remaining 108 are planned to be built in HAL facilities in Bangalore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NoVas congressional candidates talk federal workforce  the complete collectionAnd here are the interviews with the Northern Virginia candidates.
10TH DISTRICT
Republican Barbara Comstock : Member of the Virginia House of Delegates who once worked as a staffer for Wolf.
Democrat John Foust : Member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors.
8TH DISTRICT
Democrat Don Beyer : Owner of automobile dealerships, former lieutenant governor of Virginia and former ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
Republican Micah Edmond:   Former Marine officer and congressional aide. Also African American and Jewish.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

The Democrats running from Obama story is being way overplayedComments
By Paul Waldman October 29
One of the primary themes in the coverage of the midterm elections is the way that Democrats are running away from President Obama. They don’t want to be seen with him! They won’t say whether they voted for him! And this has reportedly become a source of friction between Democrats and the White House.
This is all being taken as evidence of a deep failure of Obama’s presidency. But in order to believe that, you need both a short memory and a willingness to ignore the basic geographical dynamics of American politics.
As a matter of political strategy, I’m not going to defend the candidates who are distancing themselves from Obama. The one who got the most attention was Alison Lundergan Grimes, who got infinitely more bad press for refusing to say whether she had voted for him in 2008 and 2012 than she would have if she had just said, “Sure I did, and let me tell you why I’m a Democrat…” Senate candidates have given up opportunities to tout policies that have support among voters, and running away from your party’s leader not only demoralizes your own base (particularly African-Americans), it just makes you look like a wimp.
But all this isn’t happening this year because there’s something unusually toxic about Barack Obama. Yes, his approval ratings are in the 40s, and if they were ten points higher a candidate here or there might feel a little less uneasy about campaigning with him. What this is really about is simple geography.
What’s distinct about this year is that there are so many close races not just in “purple” states, but in states that are deeply red. Should we be surprised that a candidate like Grimes doesn’t want to be associated with Obama? She’s running in Kentucky. A state Obama lost in 2012 by 23 points. Mark Pryor in Arkansas isn’t asking the President to campaign with him, either. That’s because Obama lost there by 24 points.
You may not realize it, but this year there are also Republicans running who don’t want to have much to do with their national leaders. Monica Wehby isn’t begging Mitch McConnell to come to Oregon to endorse her. Mike McFadden isn’t campaigning around Minnesota with Ted Cruz. Allen Weh isn’t airing ads in New Mexico featuring Rand Paul. There haven’t been stories about those candidates “distancing themselves” from the national GOP because they’re all going to lose, so there isn’t a lot of interest in their campaigns. But the dynamic is exactly the same.
Similarly, in 2016, there are going to be some Republican senators from blue states running for re-election who won’t want to have much to do with their party’s presidential nominee. When Mark Kirk in Illinois gets asked about his support for the nominee, he’ll probably hem and haw too. But it won’t reveal much beyond the fact that Kirk is a Republican trying to win in a Democratic state.
So at the most basic level, this year we’re seeing what we always see: where the president’s party is strong, candidates embrace him, and where the president’s party is weak, they don’t. In Southern states in particular, where there happen to be multiple close races, it’s especially important for Democratic candidates not only to say they’ll be independent from the Democratic party in policy terms, but also to display markers of cultural affinity (like shooting guns in their ads) and to accommodate themselves to the personal venom toward Barack Obama that is so common in their states.
Right now, Obama is doing what every president does in midterms: campaigning where he’ll help, and not where he can’t. He went to Wisconsin yesterday for a rally with gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke, and he’s headed to Rhode Island, Maine, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, and Michigan, where there are candidates happy to have him. And as Greg pointed out last week, there are many candidates, even in close races, who are touting the Affordable Care Act and using it to attack their opponents.
To be clear, I’m not saying there aren’t candidates who don’t want to be seen with the President, and questions about this surely make them uncomfortable and annoy the White House. But even if Obama were more popular nationally, the same thing would be happening. And the dynamic will play out in the same way in 2016, 2018, and beyond, for as long as we have a country in which there are some places lots of Democrats live and other places lots of Republicans live.

Surprise! Controversial Patriot Act power now overwhelmingly used in drug investigationsBy Radley Balko October 29 Follow @radleybalko
One of the more controversial provisions of the Patriot Act was to broaden the “sneak-and-peek” power for federal law enforcement officials. The provision allows investigators to conduct searches without informing the target of the search. We were assured at the time that this was an essential law enforcement tool that would be used only to protect the country from terrorism. Supporters argued that it was critical that investigators be allowed to look into the lives and finances of suspected terrorists without tipping off those terrorists to the fact that they were under investigation.
Civil libertarian critics warned that the federal government already had this power for national security investigations. The Patriot Act provision was far too broad and would almost certainly become a common tactic in cases that have nothing to do with national security.
But this was all immediately after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and there was little patience for civil libertarians. The massive Patriot Act of course passed overwhelmingly, including the sneak-and-peek provision, despite the fact that only a handful of members of Congress had actually read it . (Not to mention the public.)
More than a decade later, the Electronic Frontier Foundation has published an analysis on use of the sneak-and-peek power. Just as critics predicted, it’s now a ubiquitous part of federal law enforcement.
Law enforcement made 47 sneak-and-peek searches nationwide from September 2001 to April 2003. The 2010 report reveals 3,970 total requests were processed. Within three years that number jumped to 11,129. That’s an increase of over 7,000 requests. Exactly what privacy advocates  argued  in 2001 is happening: sneak and peak warrants are not just being used in exceptional circumstances—which was their original intent—but as an everyday investigative tool.
And as critics predicted, it is overwhelmingly used in cases that have nothing to do with terrorism. But even if you’re a cynic, it’s pretty shocking just how little the power is used in terrorism investigations.
Out of the 3,970 total requests from October 1, 2009 to September 30, 2010, 3,034 were for narcotics cases and only 37 for terrorism cases (about .9%). Since then, the numbers get worse. The 2011 report reveals a total of 6,775 requests. 5,093 were used for drugs, while only 31 (or .5%) were used for terrorism cases. The 2012 report follows a similar pattern: Only .6%, or 58 requests, dealt with terrorism cases. The 2013 report confirms the incredibly low numbers. Out of 11,129 reports only 51, or .5%, of requests were used for terrorism. The majority of requests were overwhelmingly for narcotics cases, which tapped out at 9,401 requests.
So since the Patriot Act passed, the number of of sneak-and-peeks each year has grown from about 16 per year to over 11,000 in 2013. Meanwhile, not only have the number of sneak-and-peek investigations unrelated to terrorism increased on a massive scale, the percentage of sneak-and-peeks that have anything to do with terrorism continues to drop. In other words, sneak-and-peek is increasingly ubiquitous while the justification for granting the government this power in the first place — terrorism — is not only irrelevant to the tactic’s increasing pervasiveness, it gets more irrelevant every year.
Lots of lessons here. A few that immediately come to mind:
Washington establishment types are often dismissive and derisive of the idea that members of Congress should actually be required to read legislation before voting on it — or at the very least be given the time to read it. There’s also a lot of Beltway scorn for demands that bills be concise, limited in scope and open for public comment in their final form for days or weeks before they’re voted on. If you’re looking for evidence showing why the smug consensus is wrong, here is Exhibit A.
This is also an argument against rashly legislating in a time of crisis. On Sept. 11, 2001, the federal government failed in most important and basic responsibility — to protect us from an attack. We responded by quickly giving the federal government a host of new powers.
Assume that any power you grant to the federal government to fight terrorism will inevitably be used in other contexts.
Assume that the primary “other context” will be to fight the war on drugs. ( Here’s another example just from this month.) I happen to believe that the drug war is illegitimate. I think fighting terrorism is an entirely legitimate function of government. I also think that, in theory, there are some powers the federal government should have for terrorism investigations that I’m not comfortable granting it in more traditional criminal investigations. But I have zero confidence that there’s any way to grant those powers in a way that will limit their use to terrorism.
Law-and-order politicians and many (but not all) law enforcement and national security officials see the Bill of Rights not as the foundation of a free society but as an obstacle that prevents them from doing their jobs. Keep this in mind when they use a national emergency to argue for exceptions to those rights.
When critics point out the ways a new law might be abused, supporters of the law often accuse those critics of being cynical — they say we should have more faith in the judgment and propriety of public officials. Always assume that when a law grants new powers to the government, that law will be interpreted in the vaguest, most expansive, most pro-government manner imaginable. If that doesn’t happen, good. But why take the risk? Why leave open the possibility? Better to write laws narrowly, restrictively and with explicit safeguards against abuse.
Read more from Radley Balko: 

Gamergate and video games as artBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 29 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
(Credit: The Fulbright Company)
In Orson Scott Card’s seminal science fiction novel “Ender’s Game,” the main character, a young military genius named Ender Wiggin, spends part of his time in the military academy known as Battle School, playing something called the Fantasy Game. Essentially a series of puzzles, the Fantasy Game ends on a dark note, or at least it is supposed to. A giant offers the player a choice between two drinks, both of which result in grisly deaths.
The Fantasy Game’s role in Battle School is to serve as a covert measure of students’ suicidal impulses. Most of them abandon the game after realizing that it is a cheat. A few become obsessed, a leading indicator that they may not have the fortitude for the more advanced stages of Battle School. One student even commits suicide in real life. But Ender keeps revisiting the giant until another choice occurs to him. He kills the giant. And the Fantasy Game, stretched beyond its limitations, begins to build more parts of its world for Ender to explore.
In doing so, the Fantasy Game stretches beyond Ender’s understanding of what a game is supposed to be. The giant’s body is absorbed into a landscape, and dwarves build a village on the new topography. Old antagonists, like wolves with the faces of Ender’s childhood bullies, vanish from the game after he has defeated them. The Fantasy Game becomes a place of contemplation and psychological confrontation for Ender, not precisely of play.
“Ender did not understand how the game functioned anymore,” Card writes. “In the old days, before he had first gone to the End of the World, everything was combat and puzzles to solve — defeat the enemy before he kills you, or figure out how to get past the obstacle. Now, though, no one attacked, there was no war, and wherever he went, there was no obstacle at all.”
I found myself thinking about the Fantasy Game sections of “Ender’s Game” again recently as Gamergate has dominated the entertainment and technology headlines. It is deeply troubling that so much of this self-described consumer movement seems to be dedicated to providing legitimizing cover to the vicious harassment of women . But there are two related strains of thought that show up in Gamergate conversations that I think are interesting and important, both for what they say about what some gamers want from the gaming press, and for how they shape our thinking about video games as art.
The first is the idea that reviews of video games ought to be “objective,” a demand that certainly existed prior to Gamergate , and that is even the subject of a semi-satirical website, Objective Game Reviews . It is a request that is easy to mock if you are working from the assumption that video games are art, and thus subject to the same sort of analysis of aesthetics and ideas that have been applied to every other medium for decades, if not centuries.
“Have you never encountered any form of cultural or literary criticism before?” Ken White wrote in exasperation . “That’s what it’s like.”
The critic Paul Tassi tried to explain this in less agitated terms, writing that : “The public would be wise to read a breadth of reviews, and find reviewers whose tastes generally line up with their own. But even then, when a reviewer suddenly has a drastically different opinion than you on a game, it’s not because they’re biased or have suddenly lost their objectivity.” Readers, in this model, should look for a reviewer whose priorities match their own, rather than chasing a critical windmill. But they should also understand what it is that they are seeking, rather than pretending that they pursue some sort of more ethical model of journalism.
This approach makes sense if we are thinking of video games as art. But it is confounding if we think of video games as appliances that are supposed to have certain features that perform at certain levels.
If you consider games this way, as if they are extensions of their consoles, then it becomes much easier to imagine a ratings system with less room for personal critical preferences (even if certain functionalities were more important to certain publications) and clearer continuity from title to title. You could also hold off on reviewing games until you could give a complete accounting of that functionality, something that is difficult to do when reviewers receive extremely complicated games not long before audiences do. Criticism of gaming would end up looking a lot more like Consumer Reports and a lot less like the Style section.
That some gamers think of games more as appliances than as art also shows in the frustration some Gamergate participants have expressed over titles like Zoe Quinn’s “Depression Quest” or “Gone Home.” The criticism of these games might be considered an expression of antipathy to female video game designers — Quinn has been a particular target of Gamergate — or, in the case of “Gone Home,” games about women and LGBT people.
I wonder if it is more revealing, though, to examine the objections that “Depression Quest” and “Gone Home” are not games because they do not function in the same ways that games are supposed to function.
“‘Gone Home’ is a game of exploration and narration, an effective vehicle for story telling,” Brian Crecente wrote in a piece for Polygon earlier this year . “But its lack of puzzles and combat, and the inability to lose or even change the outcome, have some questioning its gaming legitimacy.”
Similarly, reviews of “Depression Quest” criticized it for functioning more like a narrative story and less like a vehicle for game play and for taking a tone that was not significantly uplifting or primarily entertaining.
The question of whether gamers as a whole prefer certain tones, conclusions, or functionalities, or whether they think that a game must have a certain tone or features in order to be considered a game is a significant one. Lots of American moviegoers might prefer Adam Sandler movies to Michael Haneke’s unsettling films, or Jennifer Weiner’s novels to the work of Karl Ove Knausgaard. But nobody denies that Sandler and Haneke are both making movies, or that Weiner and Knausgaard are both writing fiction.
When the late Roger Ebert reversed himself and concluded that video games might be art, he did so not because of any particular thing you could do in a video game, but what video games could do to the people who played them.
“I thought about those works of Art that had moved me most deeply,” he wrote . “I found most of them had one thing in common: Through them I was able to learn more about the experiences, thoughts and feelings of other people. My empathy was engaged. I could use such lessons to apply to myself and my relationships with others. They could instruct me about life, love, disease and death, principles and morality, humor and tragedy. They might make my life more deep, full and rewarding.”
“I had to be prepared to agree that gamers can have an experience that, for them, is Art,” he continued. “I don’t know what they can learn about another human being that way, no matter how much they learn about Human Nature. I don’t know if they can be inspired to transcend themselves. Perhaps they can.”
Gamergate is unlikely to resolve how we write about video games, much less how we define what games are and whether we understand them as art or appliances. But looking with clear eyes about the ideas that show up in Gamergate arguments is worth doing. The ferocious fights about whether gaming is a safe space for women , people of color and LGBT players is not the only front in the battle to determine whether video games will be a big, flexible tent, or a smaller, more limited one.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Hump day happy hours bring charity  gin and $1 oystersBy Fritz Hahn October 29 Follow @fritzhahn
Happy hump day. Make it through today, then reward yourself at one of these two one-time-only happy hours.
D.C. United head coach Ben Olsen will sling cocktails at Satellite Room tonight to raise money for neighborhood charity Martha's Table. (Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
Ryan Magarian is a fixture on the Portland, Ore., bar scene. The veteran bartender is a co-creator of Aviation Gin , and a partner in Oven and Shaker restaurant and the new Easy Company bar. He also consults for cocktail bars and offers seminars all over the world. Magarian visits Shaw's  Eat the Rich tonight from 5 to 7 p.m. to pour five original cocktails, including A Beautiful Liability (Aviation, dry vermouth, lime, honey syrup, grapefruit and rosemary) and the Amber Dream (Aviation, sweet vermouth, yellow Chartreuse and orange bitters). Drinks are $7 each. Meanwhile, the raw bar offers Rappahannock River Oysters for $1 each.
Tonight's bartenders over at the Satellite Room , on the other hand, haven't won awards or lectured at the annual Tales of the Cocktail convention. They are, however, "Shaking it Up" to raise money for Martha's Table , which provides food, clothing and tutoring for the needy from its headquarters at 14th and V streets NW. Participants include U Street bar magnate and Thievery Corporation co-founder Eric Hilton; 9:30 Club owner Seth Hurwitz; D.C. United coach Ben Olsen; and Brightest Young Things founder Svetlana Legetic. They'll serve their own original cocktails from 6 to 9 p.m., as well as just pouring beers and shots if that's all you want. Additional drink and food specials will be available.
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Shetland pony racing: D.C.s newest -- and cutest -- sportComments
By Gillian Brockell October 29 Follow @gbrockell
Forget hockey, forget basketball - the Verizon Center also hosts Shetland pony racing, where the "short, fat" ponies are often older than the child jockeys riding them. (Gillian Brockell and Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
When the Washington Capitals take on the Detroit Red Wings at Verizon Center Wednesday night, there’ll be no sign of the tons of dirt that covered the rink just a few days ago during the Washington International Horse Show.
And while the annual event draws crowds to gawp at thoroughbreds and Olympic riders, some of the loudest cheers were for the newest competition: Shetland pony steeplechase racing. That’s right, little kids racing short, fat ponies.
It’s all the brainchild of Vicki Lowell, president of the Washington International Horse Show. After seeing Shetland pony races at a London horse show, she’s spent years getting the sport off the ground in the U.S.
It’s taking off faster than the Shetlands can run. After its debut at Verizon Center in 2013, pony races have been popping up across the mid-Atlantic region. Lowell hopes for a pony racing circuit that could lead to future Olympians. Kent Farrington, one of the top riders in the world, started out racing ponies.
The child jockeys, as you might expect, are adorable. The ponies? Well, they are kind of jerks. They kick, they run the wrong way, and sometimes they’re just not in the mood to gallop. They even throw the kids off their backs — not that the jockeys have very far to fall.
Check out the video above, filmed at WIHS’s “Barn Night” races, and try not to say, “Awwww.”
Correction: An earlier version of this post incorrectly described one of the winners at this event.

Forbath named player of the weekBy Mike Jones October 29 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins place kicker Kai Forbath (2) celebrates Monday night’s game-winning field goal in overtime as Cowboys cornerback Orlando Scandrick (32) reacts. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Two days after making a 40-yard game-winning field goal in Washington’s 20-17 overtime victory against the Cowboys, the NFL announced that kicker Kai Forbath has been named NFC Special Teams Player of the Week.
It’s the first such honor of Forbath’s three-year career.
Forbath on Monday made two field goals (the 40-yarder and a 44-yarder), two extra point attempts and also recorded three touchbacks.
The kick against Dallas was Forbath’s second game-winner in as many weeks. In Week 7 against Tennessee, Forbath made a 22-yard field goal with three seconds left in regulation, lifting Washington to a 19-17 victory.
Forbath this season has made 13 of 14 field goal attempts – including his last nine. For his career, he has converted 48 of 54 attempts for a percentage of .889 – the highest of any Redskins kicker with a minimum of 50 attempts.
Forbath became the first Redskins player to earn NFC Special Teams Player of the Week honors since Graham Gano in Week 16 of the 2010 season.
More from The Post:

Pentagon adopts new quarantine-like monitoring for U.S. troops on Ebola missionBy Dan Lamothe October 29 Follow @danlamothe
Army Sgt. Joel Miick, left, and Spec. Michael Potts don gas masks while training Oct. 9 with the rest of the 36th Engineer Brigade at Fort Hood, Tex., on how to put on protective clothing and gloves. They are part of the Pentagon’s force responding to the Ebola crisis in West Africa. (Kin Man Hui/San Antonio Express-News via Associated Press)
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered Wednesday that all U.S. troops who deploy to West Africa as part of the force assisting in the Ebola virus crisis be put in quarantine-like monitoring for 21 days, even though none are expected to treat patients directly.
Hagel’s decision came a day after the Joint Chiefs of Staff recommended such a move. Pentagon officials stopped short of calling it a quarantine, even though troops will be held in “controlled monitoring” before returning home. It began Monday in Italy for an initial group of U.S. soldiers that deployed to Liberia, and is said to include no physical contact with the outside world and those under monitoring eating separately from other service members.
“The fact is, the military will have more Americans in Liberia than any other department,” Hagel said Wednesday at the Washington Ideas Forum, held at the Aspen Institute. “That’s number one. Number two, our people are younger. The cohorts are different. They are not volunteers. And this is also a policy that was discussed in great detail by the communities, by the families of our military men and women. And they very much wanted a safety valve on this.”
Hagel also directed that the military’s top officers to develop a detailed plan in the next 15 days for how the controlled monitoring will be applied. It should take into account the size and scope of the logistics required, said Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary.
The joint chiefs also were told to conduct a review of the new regimen within 45 days. At that point, they have to recommend whether the monitoring should continue, based on what is observed among the initial group of troops returning from the mission, known as Operation United Assistance.
“The secretary believes these initial steps are prudent given the large number of military personnel transiting from their home base and West Africa and the unique logistical demands and impact this deployment has on the force,” Kirby said. “The secretary’s highest priority is the safety and security of our men and women in uniform and their families.”
The decision is likely to prove controversial. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has  recommended that people at high risk of developing Ebola voluntarily quarantine themselves for 21 days, but it has stopped short of requiring one. State-imposed quarantines for health workers returning from Ebola-affected countries have been challenged, and President Obama criticized them Tuesday , saying that doing so would undermine the broader effort to stop the spread of the deadly virus.
“We don’t just react based on our fears,” Obama said. “We react based on facts and judgment and making smart decisions.”
Hagel’s decision and the recommendation Tuesday from the joint chiefs came after Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond T. Odierno ordered on Monday a 21-day “controlled monitoring period” for all redeploying soldiers returning from Operation United Assistance. He said it was a precaution to ensure that soldiers, family members and their communities are confident that all steps necessary are being taken to protect them from the virus.
The military has hundreds of troops in West Africa assisting with the Ebola mission. That number will grow to up to 4,000 in coming days, with most providing transportation, logistics and building treatment units that are desperately needed. No U.S. troops will directly treat Ebola patients, Pentagon officials have stressed.
Obama, asked Wednesday whether he was concerned about there being confusion between quarantine rules used for the military and health-care workers, drew a distinction between the work they will do.
“Well, the military is a different situation, obviously, because they are, first of all, not treating patients,” he said. “Second of all, they are not there voluntarily. It’s part of their mission that’s been assigned to them by their commanders and ultimately by me, the commander in chief. So we don’t expect to have similar rules for our military as we do for civilians. They are already, by definition, if they’re in the military, under more circumscribed conditions.”
This piece was updated with comments from Hagel.
Related on Checkpoint:

Upcoming talks on property rights and eminent domain at the University of Oklahoma and Northwestern UniversityBy Ilya Somin October 29
Next week, I will be speaking on property rights, eminent domain, and public use at the University of Oklahoma and the Northwestern University School of law.
On Monday, November 3, 1:30-2:30 PM, I will be giving a presentation on “Congress, Popular Constitutionalism, and Public Use” at the University of Oklahoma Institute for the American Constitutional Heritage Symposium on “The People, The Congress, The Constitution.” My talk will focus on Congress’ important, but oft-ignored role in debates over property rights and public use limitations on eminent domain from the 19th century to the present day.
On Thursday November 6, 12-1:20 PM, I will do a presentation on forthcoming book The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain at Northwestern University School of Law. This will be the first book about the controversial Kelo case and its implications for property rights, by a legal scholar. This event is sponsored by the Northwestern Federalist Society, and will include commentary by Northwestern law Professor Janice Nadler, who has done important work on public opinion on property rights and the political backlash generated by the Kelo decision.
UPDATE: The Northwestern talk will be in Rubloff 150.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Why ant queens become sperm parasitesBy Rachel Feltman October 29 Follow @rachelfeltman
The red queen is mating with the male on the right. Their copulatory organs are locked in place, so the male can completely let go of the queen with his legs and still be firmly attached. The ant on the left is a competitor male trying to get in on the action. (Michael Herrmann and Sara Helms Cahan)
Two species of ants in the Arizona desert are at war -- and they're fighting their battles in the bedroom. The ant queens are employing devious tricks to steal the sperm of their rival species' males, in an ongoing inter-species battle of the sexes.
Usually sex is a competition between males of the same species. They fight to impress their target females, and the winner gets to pass on his sperm -- and genes -- to the next generation. That is, after all, the biological definition of success.
But in some cases, the competition gets murkier.
According to a new study published Wednesday in  Proceedings of the Royal Society B , two species of  Pogonomyrmex harvester ant engage in a complicated mating war, with males of one species butting heads with the females of another.
The males of one of these ant species will often mate with the queens of the other (and vice versa) producing sterile offspring. These sterile hybrids (or mules) aren't totally uncommon in other insects and animals. But in most cases, said  Sara Helms Cahan , a University of Vermont biologist who co-led the study with her graduate student Michael Herrmann, these mules are a biological mistake. They're incapable of passing along the genes of either parent to a new generation, so they don't benefit either species.
But in species like these ants, who need a certain number of sterile colony members to work without reproducing, mules do just fine. There are at least four species of ants who commonly steal sperm from rival species.
"They're already producing lots of things that don't reproduce on purpose," Cahan said, "so it gives them a unique opportunity to turn into parasites. They can take those hybrids and put them to work. But it has the result of creating this huge conflict between males and females."
It's in every queen's best interest to get rival males to mate with her -- she gets her hybrid workers, and the rival queens have less sperm available to them. The males, on the other hand, would be wise to avoid these foreign queens. If they reproduce with their own queen, they may luck out and be the father of a reproducing insect. With the rival queen, they have no chance of continuing their genetic lineage -- and their limited supply of sperm is wasted.
Cahan and Herrmann wanted to better understand why these males mate with the wrong queens in the first place. Herrmann tracked down the ants mating swarms, which occurred in 0nce-a-year free-for-alls after summer monsoon rain.
In the hedonistic swarms, it seemed that the males just didn't know which queens where which -- until they were close enough to sense their chemical signals, at which point they were already mating. But Herrmann isolated pairs to take close observations of them in the act, and then froze them so he could take measurements of their sperm.
It seemed like the males mated exactly the same way with either queen -- they gave each the same amount of their precious sperm.
But that the null result was actually masking intense strategy on either side.
"The males were certainly doing something," Cahan said, "but you just couldn't see it overall."
As it turns out, the males slowed down when they realized they were mating with rival queens. It seems that they attempt to get away with a slower release of sperm, probably so they can pull away and use whatever's left somewhere else.
But the queens won't have it: In both species, queens held onto the slowing males until they'd released all of their sperm.
"Both males and females have power in this relationship, and they're working at cross-purposes," Cahan said. "So we saw what looked like nothing, but that 'nothing' was actually masking a lot of effort on either side."
We're only catching a current snapshot of the way these two species interact. Like any antagonistic relationship between species, Cahan said, this rivalry has driven evolution on either side. Every time a male of one species adapts to protect themselves from this sperm theft, the queens of the other will adapt to out-do them -- and so on and so forth, ad infinitum.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Israel university will confront ASA boycott in LABy Eugene Kontorovich October 29
The saga of the American Studies Association’s Israel boycott continues to get more dramatic. The ASA has recently significantly retracted (or reinterpreted) the academic boycott of Israel it adopted earlier this year. It now claims that Israeli scholars and representatives of Israeli institutions are welcome at its annual conference.
The University of Haifa is putting this to the test.  The school is sending an official representative to the conference, which will be held at the Westin Bonaventure in Los Angeles, Nov. 6-9. The University’s announcement said :
We expect that there will be no interference in our representative’s full participation in the ASA conference. Home to several prestigious programs in American Studies, including the Center for the Study of the United States and the Ruderman Program for the Study of American Jewry, the University of Haifa is considering expanding its presence in the field. Consequently, the Rector of the University, Professor David Faraggi, has appointed a representative to attend the ASA conference.
[Prof. Faraggi said:] “We are sure that our representative will return from the ASA conference with important new insights about American society and culture and new contacts that can serve as a basis for collaborations…”
This puts the ASA on the spot. By their recent statements, there should be no problem with the Haifa academic attending. (Perhaps, depending on his position, his name tag will be left blank, but this will only further highlight the absurdity of the un-boycott.) If this is what all the allegedly path-breaking ASA action amounts to, it is a silly and neutered act.
On the other hand, the ASA may not be so happy to have the Israeli representative in attendance. For one, Haifa is one of the institutions whose supposed crimes the group invoked in justifying their boycott. Moreover, allowing representatives of Israeli schools to attend seems to contradict the boycott policy they adopted in February, before they recently “clarified” in response to lawsuit threats. But this means they are now implementing a policy that has not been approved by the membership. As one ASA member, UVA’s Prof. Siva Vaidhyanathan wisecracked, “I don’t even know what I voted against now.”
How the whole situation plays out will be interesting to see – but also hard to, as the ASA has, in apparent anticipation of such an embarrassing situation, greatly restricted press coverage of the event . In a press policy that looks like it was written by the Soviet Intourist, journalists or news agencies focussed on Israel or Jewish affairs will be not be eligible . One higher education reporter told me that while he himself meets the criteria for admittance, he had not seen such elaborate vetting requirements in other academic conferences.
One hopes that reporters will not be deterred by these registration requirements, and understand that behind this bureaucratic obstruction likely lies a good story, and one that with Haifa’s announcement has just gotten better.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

A tax on the Internet seems like a crazy idea  but it fits right in for Viktor Orbns HungaryThousands of Hungarians took to the streets to protest a government plan to impose a heavy tax on Internet use, starting in 2015. (AP)
" ]
It seems like they thought no-one would notice. Tucked into Hungary's 2015 budget was a tax that would force Internet service providers to pay 150 forints ($0.62) per gigabyte of data downloaded or uploaded by users. It would be, quite simply, the world's first tax on the Internet.
And it would certainly be quite a tax. If the Web user were to download 50 gigabytes a month, the cost to his or her service provider might end up at $30. And that tax bill would likely be passed on to the consumer. In a country where the average monthly salary is not much over $600, that would be a big chunk of change.
People noticed. On Sunday, thousands of people took to the streets of Budapest to protest. Protesters took outdated electrical equipment to the headquarters of the ruling Fidesz party, with Bloomberg News reporting that some threw "monitors and keyboards" at the building. Hungary's government seemed taken aback by the protests and attempted to water down the proposal, imposing a limit on the level of tax. Yet it wasn't enough for protesters, a estimated 100,000 of whom headed out to the streets again Tuesday, demanding more concessions.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban. (Georges Gobet/AFP)
Hungary's Internet tax has touched a cord with the wider world, becoming a subject of mockery and disgust in equal measure: The European Union, of which Hungary is a member , has slammed it as a "particularly bad idea." So what exactly was the government of Hungary thinking with the tax? It's simple, Charles Gati, senior research professor of European and Eurasian studies at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies explains to WorldViews. "They felt extremely confident," Gati says. "I would say overconfident."
To understand that confidence, you have to understand the broader situation within Hungary and the extraordinary political momentum of Fidesz and its prime minister, Viktor Orbán.
Orbán has been in power since 2010, and earlier this year he was voted back into power with a two-thirds majority in parliamentary elections. Although critics have accused the party of tilting election rules in its favor, few would disagree that Fidesz is by far the most popular party in the country.
The party's success is built on a center right-populism that has rankled many abroad. The Hungarian government has been accused of weakening civil society by weakening the country's judiciary and clamping down on independent media, even lashing out at Norway for giving grants to Hungarian non-governmental organizations . Orbán been clear about his vision for Hungary: In July, he gave a now-notorious speech that said he was hoping to build a country that would be an "illiberal state, a non-liberal state."
Among the populist policies taken by Orbán was a series of unorthodox tax measures, dubbed "Orbánomics." The crux of these policies has been a shifting of the tax burden away from income tax (Hungarians pay a flat tax of just 16 percent) and into other areas: In particular, certain industries (notably banking and telecoms) pay high sector-wide tax, a move that many interpreted as an attack of foreign businesses.
The tax on the Internet would clearly fit into the world of Orbánomics -- another unorthodox attempt to raise money that doesn't hit consumers directly. The Hungarian government has imposed similar taxes on the telephone network and text messages, for example. It may be a rather desperate attempt to boost tax revenue, which critics say is in a far worse off state that Hungary would let on. "If the deficit is not under 3 percent, the European Union may reimpose the excessive deficit procedure, which may lead to a withholding of E.U. funds," Eva S. Balogh, a former Yale professor who runs the blog Hungarian Spectrum, points out.
However, the tax doesn't appear to have been well thought out. For one thing, there's its cost. As my colleague Nancy Scola has pointed out , the Hungary already has high costs for Internet access. The Internet tax as it was originally planned would have made it far worse.
"The original proposal was put together by someone who had no knowledge of computer technology and as a result the tax per gigabyte was so high that an average user would have had to spend almost half his salary on this Internet tax," Balogh says, pointing out that even the watered down law is a lot. "Now there is an amendment in place that would put a cap on the tax, but according to some calculations it still adds up to about $40.00 tax/month. That is hefty even by American standards."
Perhaps even more problematically, by targeting the Internet after clamping down on the press and broadcast media, the Hungarian government appears to be targeting the one relatively open sphere of the media left, inciting the opposition. "The Internet tax is a symbol of the government autocracy," Zsolt Varady, an Internet entrepreneur who organized the protests on Facebook, told the crowd on Tuesday night.
Gati is quick to point out that Orbán and Fidesz remain very popular. "This is not a revolution, lets not get carried away here," he says. But still, the Internet tax protests are an unprecedented display of dissent against Orbán, and it comes at a time when Fidesz is feeling especially threatened by the international community: Earlier this month the United States denied six visas to Hungarian public officials who were suspected of corruption, a truly remarkable diplomatic fracas between two NATO allies.
Exactly how Orbán's government will respond remains unclear: The Hungarian prime minister's vision of governance is frequently compared to Russia's President Vladimir Putin, a long-running leader known for his savvy master of manipulation. "Viktor Orbán never backs down. It is not in his nature.  He thinks he is invincible, and so far he has been," Balogh says.
"But eventually there comes a tipping point," she adds, "which might be now or very soon."
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Its not that GMO labeling is popular. Its that people are cluelessBy Chris Mooney October 29 Follow chriscmooney
A bottle of fruit juice is labeled to inform buyers that it is free of GMOs, (or Genetically Modified Organisms), is displayed in Boulder, Colo.. (AP/Brennan Linsley)
Yesterday, the Oregonian released a new poll it had commissioned showing that Measure 92 , a ballot initiative to require the labeling of foods containing genetically modified ingredients in the state, was trailing 48 to 42 percent among likely voters. Yet back in July, another poll conducted for Earthfix of Oregon , an environmentally focused branch of Oregon Public Broadcasting, put support for the initiative at a very impressive 77 percent. That's a pretty steep dropoff.
We've heard this story before. Last year, Washington state rejected GMO labeling at the ballot, with just under  49 percent  of citizens voting in favor. Before that, in 2012, a labeling initiative failed in California, 48.6 percent to 51.4 percent .  This is despite national polling suggesting that the labeling of genetically modified foods is stunningly popular: A 2013 New York Times national survey , for instance, found that a staggering 93 percent of American support it.
So why does GMO labeling keep losing in actual ballot initiatives -- even in pretty lefty places like California, Washington, and now possibly Oregon?
Those in favor of GMO labeling -- who argue in favor of consumer choice, and also intimate that GMO foods, modified through modern biotechnological techniques, could potentially be dangerous --  will surely say it's because large volumes of food industry dollars are being dumped in these races, to kill the initiatives with huge ad buys. And indeed,  according to  The Oregonian, the fight over Measure 92 is "the costliest ballot measure fight in Oregon history," with those spending heavily to oppose the initiative including Monsanto and Dupont Pioneer.
But there's another possible explanation -- namely, that when people tell pollsters they favor GMO labeling, they don't really know what they're saying. Because overall public knowledge about GMOs is very low, many GMO polls give "a measure of what people will say they want to label when they have no idea what that means," explains Yale public opinion researcher Dan Kahan.
"I am sure you can replicate that with other samples of people who have no idea what you’re talking about," Kahan adds.
The data supporting this interpretation -- that Americans don't actually know a lot about genetically modified foods, and so polls suggesting they support their labeling should be taken with a major grain of salt -- are fairly compelling. One 2013 survey  conducted by researchers at Rutgers University found that 54 percent of Americans say they know “very little or nothing at all” about genetically modified foods, and 25 percent have never even heard of them. Only 26 percent of Americans, meanwhile, were actually aware that GMO labeling is not currently required.
"It’s really clear that people don’t know very much about the subject," says Rutgers' William Hallman, lead researcher on the poll. "And when people don’t know much abut a subject, how you ask them a question about it largely determines the answer you get back."
Indeed, Hallman's survey also found that when you ask people in the abstract, “What information would you like to see on food labels that is not already there?”, most say they don’t want any more information on the label -- and only 7 percent voluntarily come up with GMOs as an answer. So while over 90 percent of Americans may say GMO labeling is a good thing when you actually ask them directly about it, the vast majority of people are not going around thinking that idea independently of being prompted.
So then what happens when on GMO ballot initiative is actually  up for a decision in a given state? First of all, explains John Gastil , a professor at Penn State who studies ballot initiatives, these initiatives generally do worse than initial polls suggest they'll do. "The reason is that fortunately, we have an instinct which tells us, if we don’t understand something, perhaps we should vote against it," says Gastil. "That’s a general phenomenon that many voters use as a heuristic."
And what happens when voters actually get to know the GMO labeling issue, inside out? We actually have intriguing evidence on that.
Oregon has actually created a process called a Citizens' Initiative Review , in which a random sample of 20 citizens hear from both sides of an initiative (and outside experts), and then come up with a report laying out the pro and con case that is then included in the state's voter guide. Such a review was conducted for Measure 92. Pro arguments included "more control and transparency over our food purchasing decisions" and that the initiative "could benefit Oregon family farmers that grow traditional crops by increasing public demand for crops that are not genetically engineered." Con arguments, meanwhile, included the assertion that “Existing food labels already give consumers a more reliable way to choose foods without GE ingredients if that is what they prefer, including 'organic' and 'non-GMO' labels. Measure 92 conflicts with these national labeling standards." In this case, the panel’s ultimate assessment of  Measure 92 split very evenly, with 9 panelists in favor of it and 11 against.
"Even after several days of study, you had voters kind of torn in these matters," observes Gastil. Which is still more evidence that general polls don't reflect how people really think about the issue of genetically modified food labeling -- when they actually think about it.
Chris Mooney reports on science and the environment.

U.S. CTO Megan Smith: Tech has a diversity problem  and its up to us to fix itMegan Smith ( jdlasica )
Megan Smith, the former Googler who's now the Obama administration's chief technology officer, has only been on the job for a month. But she's already wading into some of the thorniest tech policy issues facing the country — including the debate over diversity in Silicon Valley.
If you've been following that conversation, you know that there's been a lot of talk this year about the lack of women and minorities in tech, especially among senior management. And to borrow what's usually a hackneyed investor phrase, the diversity problem is ripe for disruption, according to Smith.
"None of us created these problems — general discrimination and unconscious bias — we didn't create them, but as they come to our consciousness, we have to fix them," Smith said a Washington conference Wednesday. "The industry is at that moment where we're starting to wake up."
In the 1980s, the share of women in computer science plummeted, Smith added. Now the United States is struggling to make up the shortfall as other nations, such as Vietnam and China, have begun teaching all young children — regardless of gender — to code. In some respects, they have a second-mover advantage over the United States, where for much of the latter 20th century, computer science was dominated by males, she said.
"We culturally decided, as the personal computer came in, that it was for the boys," Smith added.
That's actually a departure from the first part of the 20th century, when many of the earliest computers were not only human (e.g., "a person who computes"), but were women with degrees in math working to break codes or do scientific research during World War II.
While Smith herself got a taste of that growing up, she wants to see far more young women being exposed to science and technology.
"I was lucky that science fair was mandatory in my high school in inner-city Buffalo," said Smith.
 
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

The Switchboard: The FTC is suing AT&T over throttling its unlimited data customers( mrbill )
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Hungary’s crazy-expensive Internet is driving people to throw their computers into the street . Protesters in Hungary are out in the streets objecting to a proposed tax on Internet traffic. "The Internet tax is part of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán's 2015 budget proposal, and it would add a surcharge of 150 forints — about 60 cents — to the cost of every gigabyte uploaded and downloaded in Hungary," the Switch's Nancy Scola reports.
The FTC is suing AT&T for throttling its unlimited data customers . "Federal officials on Tuesday sued AT&T, the nation’s second-largest cellular carrier, for allegedly deceiving millions of customers by selling them supposedly 'unlimited' data plans that the company later 'throttled' by slowing Internet speeds when customers surfed the Web too much," Brian Fung and Craig Timberg report at the Switch.
Whirlpool’s “Internet of Things” problem: No one really wants a “smart” washing machine . "Connecting the web with the creature comforts of domestic life and suburbia remains one of the biggest intrigues for consumer giants wanting to jump on the next big thing," writes Drew Harwell for the Switch. But while manufacturers are enthusiastic about adding connectivity to household appliances, consumers aren't.
Mobile ISP Cricket was thwarting encrypted emails, researchers find . "Some customers of popular prepaid-mobile company Cricket were unable to send or receive encrypted e-mails for many months, according to security researchers, raising concerns that consumers may find that protecting their privacy is not always in their hands," reports the Switch's Nancy Scola.
Verizon is launching a tech news site that bans stories on U.S. spying . Patrick Howell O'Neill at the Daily Dot reports on Verizon-funded tech news site SugarString, which apparently comes with a few strings attached. "In exchange for the major corporate backing, tech reporters at SugarString are expressly forbidden from writing about American spying or net neutrality around the world, two of the biggest issues in tech and politics today."
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Washingtons media elite mingle outside of Ben Bradlees funeralBy Helena Andrews and Emily Heil October 29 Follow @helena_andrews Follow @emilyaheil
Mourners attending Ben Bradlee's funeral at the National Cathedral shared some of their fondest memories of the late Washington Post executive editor. (Alice Li and JulieAnn McKellogg/The Washington Post)
“He would have loved this,” whispered one attendee waiting in line on Wednesday outside the National Cathedral for the funeral of Benjamin C. Bradlee, who  died last week at 93 .
Just what about his own funeral would the legendary executive editor of The Washington Post have loved? Washington’s version of pomp and circumstance, media elite mingling all in black, the TV cameras set up outside, the imposing Gothic architecture, the fact that the funeral program was embargoed until 10 a.m. All of it.
NBC’s Luke Russert, who stepped onto the national stage at his father Tim Russert’s funeral in 2008, walked in with PBS’s Charlie Rose. A striking example of old media — the kind Bradlee himself defined — literally ushering along the new. Former White House press secretary Jay Carney mingled with the same crowd he once corralled in the briefing room at 1600 Penn. “NBC Nightly News” anchor Brian Williams arrived in shades.
A silver-haired Norman Lear, the producer who defined a generation of television with “All in the Family” and “Good Times,” was escorted past the growing line directly to the metal detectors.
The crowd was made up mostly of Bradlee’s generation. As one older gentleman found a friend in line, he remarked, “You never know how many people are left, so it’s good to see someone with gray hair.”
But the mood was far from melancholy. Former Washington Post columnist Tony Kornheiser debated the merits of the Washington Redskins name as the organ prelude blared in the background. PBS anchor Gwen Ifill and columnist Al Hunt shared a laugh as they settled into the pews. For now, it feels like more of a celebration of an outsized life than a somber send-off. Yet another thing, Bradlee might have loved.
1 of 30

Almost as many people use Facebook as live in the entire country of ChinaFacebook’s logo reflected in a window over the Beijing skyline. (Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images)
If Facebook were a country, its population would rival the single most populous country on Earth.
That’s one eye-popping takeaway from Facebook’s Q3 earnings report Tuesday, in which the site announced that its monthly active users cleared 1.35 billion — roughly equal the population of China, and 9 percent larger than that of India. By these numbers, nearly 20 percent of the world’s population logs into Facebook once a month. And if we just look at the world’s Internet users , roughly half of them — every other person with Internet on the planet — use the site actively.
This is great trivia, needless to say. (I look forward to whipping it out at my next dinner party.) But stacking Facebook against real-world states isn’t just a handy numerical comparison — it also underscores exactly how much power “Facebookistan” has over the online lives and identities of its users. A power that, some legal scholars and media critics have argued, is quite analogous to the ones real-life governments exercise over their citizens.
In her 2012 book “Consent of the Networked,” and again in an essay for Foreign Policy , the journalist and technologist Rebecca Mackinnon has argued that Facebook’s top-down, paternalistic, and totally opaque governing structures look … a whole lot like those of dictatorships abroad. Facebookistan tells its citizens who to be; it collects and collates their data; it insists, above all, that it knows what’s best for them, even going so far — as in one highly publicized experiment — to manipulate their feelings.
More importantly, of course, Facebook also has an enormous influence over political and activist movements, media literacy , and privacy. But as a for-profit company, bent on the bottom line, Facebook doesn’t necessarily consult or inform its “citizens” on these issues in anything but a perfunctory way. (One attempt to “democratize” the site, in 2012, failed spectacularly .)
“Facebook is not a physical country,” MacKinnon wrote at the time, “but with 900 million users, its ‘population’ comes third after China and India. It may not be able to tax or jail its inhabitants, but its executives, programmers, and engineers do exercise a form of governance over people’s online activities and identities.”
Now that Facebook’s population rivals China’s, and soundly wallops India’s, those issues have only become more pressing. Half of all Internet-users live in “Facebookistan” — but how much do we understand this new dictatorship we’re in?
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

The Feds on-again  off-again relationship with QEBy Max Ehrenfreund October 29 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
(AP/Susan Walsh)
The Federal Reserve is expected to declare an end to quantitative easing on Wednesday -- for yet a third time. Twice in the past, the central bank was  overly optimistic about the economy and decided prematurely that its new and unconventional program of bond-buying was no longer needed. The sluggish recovery then twice forced quantitative easing to serve another tour of duty.
This time feels different. The economy is much stronger now . Unemployment has fallen to 5.9 percent, close to a normal level. On the other hand, there are reasons for concern . The prices of oil and food have fallen, and long-term interest rates worldwide have come down, suggesting pessimism about the long-term prospects for global growth. If things get much worse, the Fed might have to continue bond buying, as Fed officials have said in recent interviews .
That's unlikely, but even if the economy continues to improve, the Fed still has difficult decisions ahead. Interest rates are at zero. Policymakers have to figure out not only when to raise interest rates, but also how to communicate their plans to investors well in advance without committing themselves to anything too specific. After six years of zero interest rates, this has become a familiar problem for the Fed and its chair, Janet Yellen, who inadvertently caused a sell-off last year with a casual remark about a rate increase.
Yellen had been asked to clarify the meaning of the words "a considerable time," which was the language the Fed was using to describe how long it would wait before raising rates after ending quantitative easing. Yellen said that a considerable time would probably be around six months, which was evidently much less considerable an interval than investors had anticipated.
Managing the market's expectations is a psychological game, and it continues at today's meeting. Assuming the Fed ends quantitative easing as planned, the most important question is whether it will also clarify the famously vague phrase  that tripped up Yellen.
What's in Wonkbook: 1) The Fed meets today 2) Opinions: Imaginary moderate voters, video games, homeownership and black criminality 3) FTC accuses AT&T of throttling 4) President criticizes Ebola quarantines 5) Highly skilled and exploited immigrants, an insider-trading probe at Medicare, a failed rocket launch and more.
Number of the day: 1,200. That's the size, in square miles, of the oily "bathtub ring" left on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico after the explosion of BP's Deepwater Horizon well. Mark Shleifstein in  The Times-Picayune .
1. Top story: The FOMC meets today
The Fed will end QE, but could return to it in a future crisis. Members of the Federal Open Market Committee feel that quantitative easing has served its purpose this time, but also that it has proved its usefulness. In a future crisis, the Fed might decide that it would be wise to deploy QE again. Pedro Nicolaci da Costa in  The Wall Street Journal .
QE may have helped the economy recover, but only up to a point. The economy has improved, but wages are stagnant, and millions of people still can't find full-time work. Ylan Mui in  The Washington Post .
Others claim QE doesn't work at all, and that the economy would have improved without it. Former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke calculated that QE had put 2 million people back to work. Other researchers aren't so sure whether or why or how the program worked to stimulate the economy. Pedro Nicolaci da Costa in  The Wall Street Journal .
The reason they're skeptical is that QE is mainly a Jedi mind trick. By demonstrating a commitment to achieve a certain rate of inflation by any means necessary, the Fed can create a self-fulfilling prophecy. As long as investors have confidence that the Fed can achieve its goals, they'll price their assets accordingly. Read this classic explanation of the Fed's program if, like most people, you're still confused about what QE is. Matt O'Brien in The Atlantic .
SMITH: The Fed's actions haven't caused damaging inflation or volatility. Contrary to the central bank's critics, inflation hasn't appeared, and bouts of volatility haven't hurt the real economy.  Bloomberg .
2. Top opinions: Good and evil, voter ID, and why the midterms are boring
EDSALL: Ordinary voters probably hold extreme views. Typical voters hold both extremely liberal and extremely conservative views, making them appear like moderates when political scientists try to describe their views with a single number. There are few genuine moderates, which puts into question the underlying premise of centrist advocacy groups such as Third Way and the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.  The New York Times .
SARKEESIAN: Video games have become something everyone can enjoy. Unfortunately, many of the men and boys who regard gaming as their exclusive preserve have refused to accept newcomers, responding to female players with harassment and death threats.  The New York Times .
LIPSON: Major policy questions confront Obama after the election. The president has been putting off decisions on immigration, a new attorney general, and the Keystone XL pipeline, among other issues.  The Wall Street Journal .
PORTER: Stabilizing the financial system might mean giving up the American dream of homeownership. The financial industry argues that stricter regulations on lending would make it harder for ordinary people to get a mortgage and buy a home. They might be right, but that doesn't mean our insistence on homeownership for everyone isn't dangerous.  The New York Times .
COATES: No, black people are not a part of the problem. It's easy to understand criminal behavior among blacks when you understand the country's history of white supremacist policy. The Atlantic .
3. AT&T throttled customers' data, regulators say
The FTC has sued AT&T for its treatment of customers with so-called "unlimited" plans. The plans effectively did have a limit, beyond which AT&T slowed connection speeds by up to 95 percent. AT&T says customers should have been aware of the rules. Jim Puzzanghera in the Los Angeles Times . 
The limits on these "unlimited" plans were a response to a boom in demand for data. AT&T claims its network was overwhelmed by the popularity of mobile phones, especially the iPhone. Edith Ramirez, head of the FTC, counters that the limits were arbitrary and had nothing to do with managing the network. Edward Wyatt in The New York Times .
With this aggressive suit, the FTC challenges a sister agency's jurisdiction. Critics say the FCC, which is usually responsible for technology, has been too lenient on the industry, and they welcome the FTC's intervention. Brian Fung and Craig Timberg in  The Washington Post .
4. Obama criticizes Ebola quarantines
The president didn't mention Christie or Cuomo, but said he thought quarantining health workers was a bad idea. "We don't want to discourage our health-care workers from going to the front lines and dealing with this in an effective way," he said. "The point is this disease can be contained. It will be defeated." Juliet Eilperin, Brady Dennis and Joel Achenbach in The Washington Post . 
The president also cited progress in Liberia, where hospitals are emptying out. Unoccupied beds could also be a worrisome sign that people are afraid or unable to seek treatment. Sheri Fink in  The New York Times .
There's no reason to think you can catch Ebola through the air. All available evidence suggests that primates can't spread the virus by coughing or sneezing. Pigs can, but that's not cause for concern. Stephen Goldstein in The Atlantic .
5. In case you missed it
It's not just unskilled immigrants whose labor is exploited.  "Body shops," as they're known, fraudulently apply for H-1B visas for skilled technology workers from overseas. The immigrants then work for the body shop's customers, with the shop, sometimes illegally, taking a hefty portion of their pay. The shops' clients apparently include Google, Cisco, Visa and the federal government.  KNTV (San Jose) with the Center for Investigative Reporting .
An insider-trading probe targets Medicare officials. The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Bureau of Investigation think someone might have leaked valuable information about payments to pharmaceutical companies to policy-research firms, who then passed it on to investors, possibly giving them an unfair advantage. Brody Mullins, Susan Pulliam and Christopher Weaver in The Wall Street Journal .
Yes, the mail is still under government surveillance. The Post Office approved some 50,000 requests from law enforcement to monitor Americans' mail, often without getting proper documentation or an adequate justification first. (Opening the mail would require a warrant.) Apparently, monitoring mail remains useful for investigative purposes. Ron Nixon in The New York Times .
Senate Democrats claim not to support President Obama, but voters might not be fooled. A better strategy for Democrats who have consistently supported the president's agenda might be to make a bold argument on the merits for his policies. It would be about as likely to work. Karen Tumulty in The Washington Post .
An unmanned orbital cargo rocket exploded seconds after launching in Virginia Tuesday night. The rocket belonged to a private contractor, Orbital Sciences. NASA has increasingly relied on the private sector for routine missions, and damage to the launch facility and questions about reliability will slow things down for several months at least. Andy Pasztor in The Wall Street Journal .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Shoppers to spend $350 million on Halloween costumes this year -- for their petsBy Sarah Halzack October 29 Follow @sarahhalzack
Haddie, a Yorkshire Terrier, goes trick-or-treating with her owner. (Jeff Schrier/The Saginaw News via AP)
Consumers may still be holding tight to their wallets after the recession, but there’s at least one occasion that doesn’t appear to have them spooked: Halloween.
New data from the National Retail Federation show that consumers are spending more money on all manner of Halloween gear, including decorations, candy and costumes for themselves, their kids and even their pets.
“It is no longer just a child’s holiday, and I think that has definitely increased the popularity,” said Kathy Grannis, a spokeswoman for the NRF.
While the number of people celebrating Christmas, Mother’s Day and Father’s Day has been relatively flat during the past decade, more Americans are breaking out a costume for Halloween festivities.
And as more people celebrate Halloween, they’re also dropping more dollars on it. The chart below shows that the average shopper plans to spend $77.52 on on Halloween, a nearly 63 percent increase over the  $48.48 spent in 2005.  While spending unsurprisingly took a dive during the height of the recession and then dipped briefly last year, it’s clear that the trend is toward greater spending on Halloween.
The increase in spending is not just coming from one particular category of Halloween goodies. Spending on candy has shot up since 2005, rising from $1.16 billion to a projected $2.23 billion this year. Spending on decorations has more than doubled from $84 million in 2005 to an expected $2 billion this year.
And we’re dropping more money on costumes, too. The chart below breaks out spending for children, adult and pet costumes. Yes, America, you’re reading that correctly: We’re projected to spend $350 million for get-ups for our furry sidekicks this year.
Grannis notes that the growth in adult costume spending comes at a time when retailers have added a greater quantity and variety of adult costumes.
“There was a time when mom and dad simply put their child in a costume and helped them trick-or-treat,” Grannis said. “And now, parents are wearing their own costumes and throwing parties; They’re dressing as their favorite ‘Breaking Bad’ or ‘Game of Thrones’ characters.”
Interestingly, even as shoppers are spending more money on Halloween, we’re not seeing much change in how they celebrate the holiday. For example, in 2005, 47 percent of people planned to decorate their home or yard; 46.7 percent of people planned to do this year. One category, however, has seen a significant increase in the share of adults who plan to participate: While 31.5 percent of consumers planned to dress in costume in 2005, 45.8 percent of them plan to do so this year.
An uptick in spending at Halloween could provide retailers with reason for optimism as they head toward the crucial holiday shopping season.  A willingness to spend more on Halloween could be a signal that consumers won’t be pinching pennies at Christmas time.  The NRF has predicted that holiday sales growth will rise 4.1 percent this year, a relatively upbeat forecast that would be an improvement on last year’s growth.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Delhi stalemate: Jung to hold consultations with BJP  AAP  CongAAP
(LG Jung, met Rajnath and…)
NEW DELHI: Rapped by the Supreme Court, Lt Governor Najeeb Jung will kick off consultations with BJP, AAP and Congress in the next couple of days in fresh efforts to install an elected government in the capital or dissolving the assembly to pave way for elections early next year.
Jung, who returned from abroad last night, met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and discussed with him possible solutions to end the political uncertainty in Delhi which is under President's Rule since February after AAP quit power.
"In view of the President's approval to explore the possibility of installing a popular government in Delhi, the Lt Governor would be exploring the possibilities with the leaders of all political parties over the next few days," LG's office said.
BJP, which is likely to be invited by Jung tomorrow for talks on government formation, did not give any clear signal on its strategy but there were indications that the party was preparing for fresh polls in January or February.
Sources said BJP President Amit Shah and Union ministers Nitin Gadkari and Rajnath Singh were in favour of the party forming a government while some others were of the view that it should not run away from polls when Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rating was high.
"There is a possibility of the party turning down offer of government formation," a senior party leader told PTI.
The LG's decision to begin consultations with the political parties came a day after a five-judge bench of the Supreme Court headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu slammed the Centre and the Lt Governor for delay in taking a decision on government formation in Delhi.
The case will come up for hearing tomorrow again. AAP and Congress today came down hard on Jung, questioning his move to hold consultation with the parties when it was clear that no party was in a position to provide a stable government.
Currently BJP, along with ally Akali Dal's lone MLA, has 29 legislators and will require the support of five more MLAs to prove majority in the 67-member assembly if it decides to form the government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Pat Roberts should be rooting extra hard for a Royals win tonightBy Elahe Izadi October 29 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., dons a Kansas City Royals cap during a rally with Mitt Romney, right, in Overland Park, Kan., Monday. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner)
The Kansas City Royals could capture the World Series crown  Wednesday night in Game Seven . Naturally, baseball fever has infected political campaigns in neighboring Kansas, from  watch parties  and to taking time during rallies to root for the team .
But embattled Republican incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts, who faces independent Greg Orman in less than a week, might want to cheer extra hard tonight for a Royals win. In  a 2010 study focused on college sports, statewide incumbents got a small boost at the polls when hometown football teams win just before Election Day. The effect was found on a county level in presidential, gubernatorial and Senate races.
"We find clear evidence that the successes and failures of the local college football team before Election Day significantly influence the electoral prospects of the incumbent party, suggesting that voters reward and punish incumbents for changes in their well-being unrelated to government performance," researchers wrote in the study, which was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The study found a 1.6-percent advantage for incumbents when hometown college football teams won within 10 days of Election Day. The effect was even more pronounced for teams with a strong fan base. That sounds a lot like Kansas where superfans abound, especially given  that the Royals haven't won the World Series since 1985. (I mean, just look at these guys ).
So it can't hurt for Roberts (along with his campaign surrogates like Mitt Romney ) to don Royals gear during campaign events and and cheer the team on to victory. Roberts could use every bump he can get - public polling in Kansas shows the race to be a statistical dead heat .
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Navajo Nation presidential campaign in turmoilBy Reid Wilson October 29 Follow @postreid
Merrick Butte in Monument Valley Navajo Tribal park, in Utah. (AFP photo/Mladen Antonov)
A requirement that the president of the Navajo Nation be fluent in the tribe’s language has forced one candidate off the ballot, just a week before Election Day.
Navajo President Ben Shelly on Tuesday vetoed a measure that would have eased the language requirement. As a result, Chris Deschene, an Arizona state representative, said he would drop his campaign for the post.
Deschene, the 2010 Democratic nominee for Arizona secretary of state, finished second in the Aug. 26 primary election, behind former Navajo Nation president Joe Shirley. In early October, the Navajo Office of Hearings and Appeals disqualified him after Deschene refused to answer questions asked in Navajo to determine his fluency.
Deschene has said he is proficient, but not fluent, in the language. Navajo law requires an individual running for president to be fluent in both Navajo and English.
On Thursday, the Navajo Supreme Court ordered the Navajo Election Administration to replace Deschene on the ballot with the third-place finisher in August’s primary, Navajo Nation Council delegate Russell Begaye.
On Friday, the council voted, 11-10, to allow voters to decide whether a presidential contender had the language skills to qualify. Shelly vetoed that bill on Tuesday.
“The decision to amend the language requirements … must be brought before the Navajo people through a referendum vote,” Shelly said in a veto message . “This decision is far too important, and it is one the people need to decide on. Navajo leaders should have both language and cultural fluency in order to qualified. Every society has an obligation to hold onto their traditions.”
In a message posted on his Facebook page , Deschene thanked his supporters and said he would suspend his campaign.
It’s unclear how the Board of Election Supervisors will proceed. About 8,000 absentee and early ballots have already been cast, the Election Administration told the Associated Press , but the Navajo Supreme Court ordered election officials to reprint ballots with Begaye’s name. Overriding Shelly’s veto would require 15 of 21 votes on the council, which is unlikely, given the razor-thin vote.
Tribal law allows officials to delay an election by up to 60 days in order to print new ballots in certain instances.
There are about 111,000 registered voters in the Navajo Nation, according to elections administrators. Those who don’t vote by absentee can cast ballots at 110 voting locations in Arizona, Utah and New Mexico.
Shirley served two terms as president between 2002 and 2011. Shelly served as his vice president.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Catcalling women on the street isnt just offensive. Its also often illegal.Sweetie?
Hey, look it there! I just saw a thousand dollars.
The video was made by Hollaback! , an anti-street harassment organization, and it captures both the tremendous discomfort of a woman in these shoes, as well as the hubris of the men around her, who seem universally uninterested in whether their attention is actually welcome.
No doubt, these men are also oblivious to the fact that what they're doing — in New York and many other states — may in some cases be illegal. New York's disorderly conduct law bars obscene language or gestures in a public place. Its harassment law bars someone from making alarming or seriously annoying comments to you at least twice (both violations: a $250 fine and/or up to 15 days in jail).
Meanwhile, in Arkansas, Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Kentucky, Minnesota, and Pennsylvania, it's illegal to follow people (as happens to the woman in the video twice). In the District of Columbia, it's illegal to engage in abusive language or conduct that disturbs a person's path through public space.
Last December, the organization Stop Street Harassment published a 302-page guide to state laws that may be applied to street harassers. Whether police take these complaints seriously — or whether would-be harassers even fear such laws — is another question. But here is a brief sampling:
In Alabama, it's a misdemeanor, punishable by up to three months in jail or a $500 fine, to make an obscene gesture toward someone.
In Hawaii, it's a misdemeanor for anyone to repeatedly communicate with you after you've told that person to stop (up to $1,000, 30 days in jail).
In Illinois, intimidation is a felony (up to $25,000, 2-10 years in prison), meaning a street harasser can't say, "If you don't give me your number, I'll..."
In Iowa, it's considered an assault if a street harasser does anything — following you, verbal threats — that seems intended to cause you fear of injury or offensive physical contact (even if that contact doesn't actually happen).
As should go without saying, groping, indecent exposure, and photographing unsuspecting women up their skirts or down their shirts is pretty much illegal everywhere.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

The national environment is terrible for Democrats  say DemocratsBy Chris Cillizza October 29 Follow @thefix
(Jacquelyn Martin/AP)
Prominent Democratic strategists are growing increasingly nervous that the national political environment is not only bad for their side but is moving in the wrong direction in the final days before the election, a trend that could not only cost them control of the Senate but also visit double-digit House losses on the party.
"The environment has settled and it's bad," said one senior Democratic party operative closely monitoring the party's prospects this fall.  The source added that Democratic candidates' numbers among independents and seniors — two critically important voting blocs — have begun to erode; "they are just not as friendly  to us as they once were," the source explained.
In conversations Wednesday with more than a dozen Democratic strategists deeply involved in this campaign — a few who were willing to speak on the record, a majority who were not — there was a widespread pessimism about the party's chances Nov. 4. "Challenging," acknowledged Ali Lapp, executive director of the House Majority PAC, a super PAC spending millions on ads to promote House Democrats.   "It's a very challenging environment," agreed Penny Lee, a Democratic lobbyist and longtime political aide to former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell. "Unsettled," offered Democratic pollster Fred Yang. "The trends are not good," said Steve Rosenthal, the veteran Democratic and labor strategist.
There were lots (and lots) of reasons given for the difficulties facing Democrats. The Senate map.  The historic trends of second term, midterm elections — aka the " six-year itch ."  Voter apathy. But the one factor that virtually every person I talked to cited as the biggest reason for the party's current predicament was President Obama.
"This off-year election has become almost entirely a referendum on the president," said one Democratic consultant involved in a number of closely-fought congressional races. "It's not just anger at [the Affordable Care Act].  He has become, in my opinion wrongly, the symbol of dysfunction in Washington.  That has led to a demoralized Democratic base, energized Republicans and those in the middle have an easy way of venting their frustration, and that is to punish the president's party."
"It is not ALL Obama but a lot of it is," said another Democratic strategist knee-deep in the 2014 midterms and granted anonymity to speak candidly. "[People] are very upset with government and people think Democrats are in charge, so they are taking it out on Democrats more than Republicans."
Asked for a single word to describe why this election was looking increasingly bleak for Democrats, one consultant offered "Obama."
Erik Smith, a veteran Democratic operative, pushed back on the "it's all Obama's fault" logic, however.
"President Obama isn’t the cause of this bad environment, but how candidates have chosen to handle his lower approval ratings has often compounded their problems," Smith said. "While candidates may want to distance themselves from the incumbent president in their advertising and public statements, the president’s base is still strong and committed to him and as a result that mixed message dampens their enthusiasm for the candidate.  In the end, these Democratic candidates fail to win new support and lose traditional support at the same time by trying to play it too politically." (Make sure to read Karen Tumulty's terrific piece on the wisdom — or lack thereof — of Democrats running from Obama .)
It's also worth noting that while there was significant pessimism among the people we talked to, roughly half of them held out hope that Democrats could still snatch victory from the jaws of defeat — noting, rightly, that races all over the country remain very close despite the eroding environment. (Ten Senate races are within five points, according to the Real Clear Politics polling average. )
"Given the hand that 2014 dealt us, it’s pretty impressive that so many races are still close enough to win on turnout," said Greg Speed , president of America Votes, a Democratic-aligned group. Added Bill Burton, a veteran of the Obama White House: "I think it’s amazing that we're still even talking about states like Georgia and Kansas in an environment that is this bad."
True enough. And the unsettled nature of the electorate could well mean we are in for a few more twists and turns before next Tuesday. "It’s time to stop trying to read the tea leaves," said Steve Rosenthal, summing up the chaos. "In five days the voters will speak."
Yes, they will. But as of today, the prevailing feeling among the Democratic political class is one of doom and gloom.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.

Another Zambian president dies in office. What happens nowBy Kim Yi Dionne October 29 Follow @dadakim
A file photo taken on Aug. 27, 2006 shows then-presidential candidate for the 2006 elections, Michael Sata, saluting supporters during an address at a political rally at Zingalume grounds in Matero Constituency. Michael Sata, who has died aged 77 on Oct. 29, 2014, rose from cleaning railway platforms in London to his country’s highest office, where he vowed to sweep away corruption but leaned heavily on political foes. Sata died in the British capital where he had been receiving treatment for a long-rumored but undisclosed illness. (Mackson Wasamunu/AFP/Getty Images)
Late Tuesday night, Zambian president Michael Sata died while in London, where he was seeking medical care after months of reports of poor health. Sata is the second Zambian president to die while in office; Levy Mwanawasa suffered a stroke in June 2008 that led to his eventual death on Aug. 19, 2008.
Like in many other countries, in Zambia, the constitution elaborates on succession in the case of a president’s death. From Section 38 of the 1996 constitution:
If the office of the President becomes vacant by reason of his death or resignation or by reason of his ceasing to hold office by virtue of Article 36, 37 or 88, an election to the office of the President shall be held in accordance with Article 34 within ninety days from the date of the office becoming vacant. Whenever the office of the President becomes vacant, the Vice-President or, in the absence of the Vice-President or if the Vice-President is unable, by reason of physical or mental infirmity, to discharge the functions of his office, a member of the Cabinet elected by the Cabinet shall perform the functions of the office of the President until a person elected as President in accordance with Article 34 assumes office.
Essentially, the vice president assumes the presidency, but only for 90 days — at which time a special election is held for presidential office. This procedure was followed in the wake of president Mwanawasa’s death just six years ago. His vice president, Rupiah Banda, became acting president and an election was held within 90 days. Banda won that election and served out the remainder of Mwanawasa’s term, after which he lost reelection in 2011 to the now-deceased Sata. Reports from Zambia Wednesday are that Sata’s vice president, Guy Scott is now acting president.
Cambridge-educated economist, Guy Scott, became the acting president of Zambia on Wednesday, following the death of President Michael Sata, who was suffering from a long illness. (Reuters)
Much of the focus on the elevation of Scott to the presidency in Zambia has been his race. Many reputable news agencies reported that Scott is the first white leader of an African country since F.W. de Klerk, who ruled South Africa until the end of apartheid in 1994. (They’re wrong by the way: Scott might be the first white president, but there was a white prime minister in Mauritius between 2003 and 2005.)
President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama greet The Honorable Guy Scott, (then) vice president of the Republic of Zambia, and his wife, Charlotte Harland Scott, in the Blue Room during a U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit dinner at the White House, Aug. 5, 2014. (Official White House Photo by Amanda Lucidon)
Scott’s identity matters insomuch as it relates to his ability to claim he is “Zambian.” In discussions on social media before the announcement was made that Scott would become acting president, some questioned whether he was eligible. In fact, the same reputable news agencies  reporting on Sata’s death claim Scott is ineligible because his parents were not born in Zambia.
Analysts are referring to the “parentage clause” in Zambia’s constitution, which requires of presidential candidates that “both his parents are Zambians by birth or descent” (see Section 34, 3b ). The parentage clause was amended to the constitution in 1996 during former President Frederick Chiluba’s tenure. Some attribute Chiluba’s push for the parentage clause as a way to keep Kenneth Kaunda (a previous Zambian president) from challenging him in the 1996 elections.
Chiluba won the 1996 elections , by a landslide (Kaunda didn’t run). Shortly after, however, he faced a challenge to his presidency based — ironically — on the parentage clause he had promoted. The challenge culminated in a Supreme Court case, Lewanika and Others v Frederick Jacob Titus Chiluba (Constitutional Jurisdiction) , during which the citizenship of Chiluba’s father was brought into question. The Supreme Court ruled that Chiluba could remain in office. As one Zambian legal scholar points out , the Lewanika v Chiluba ruling is significant:
The Supreme Court…ruled that even if Chiluba’s father were a Zairian or a Mozambican; Chiluba would still satisfy the constitutional requirement of having parents being “Zambian by birth or descent”… First, the Supreme Court erected a wall of citizenship and held that the republic of Zambia was actually created on 24 October 1964. Having been so created on this date, those who were ordinarily resident in Zambia on this day became citizens of Zambia. For such people, there is no need to inquire into the citizenship of their parentage, as none of their parents would qualify as “Zambians” because there was no nation called “Zambia” before that. Second, the Supreme Court ruled that the requirement for “Zambian citizenship” might make sense later in the history of Zambia. But even then, it would still create problems for the future of Zambia. Third, the court then dealt with racial issues. They made it clear that an assumption that the constitution deliberately discriminates against whites or Chinese does not make sense.
Though Scott’s parents were not born in Zambia, if the precedent set by Lewanika v Chiluba matters at all, Scott should be eligible to run for the presidency. Nevertheless, he’s stated in at least one interview that he won’t run, though he did so in the same breath of saying he’s constitutionally ineligible.
I expect the transition to Scott as acting president will go as constitutionally stipulated, if with a few grumbles from others who have been jockeying for power during the last few months of Sata’s presidency. My expectation is based on the data on presidential successions in Africa since independence, which I analyzed in an article  with Boniface Dulani. In our examination of the 51 deaths in office of African leaders from 1960 to 2012, we saw that after the re-introduction of multi-party competition in the 1990s, there was a greater likelihood that presidential succession would follow constitutional processes. While only a third (35 percent) of the successions associated with an incumbent’s death in the pre-1990 period were constitutional, over half (56 percent) of the death-in-office successions after 1990 followed constitutional processes. In addition to the continental trend of constitutional succession procedures, Zambia has recent experience with presidential death-in-office, which followed constitutional procedures.
Based on my research with Dulani, what is more important about this succession in Zambia is not the procedures following Sata’s death — but the institutional mechanisms for deciding when the president is incapacitated due to ill health and should be succeeded in office. Sata, like Mwanawasa before him, was rumored to be in ill health for quite some time. In Zambia, there are constitutional stipulations for presidential ill health, but they were not enacted during Mwanawasa’s illness nor during Sata’s. The constitution states that the cabinet can instruct Zambia’s chief justice to request a board of doctors to investigate the president’s capacity to carry out his responsibilities and if the board deemed the president incapacitated, the constitution requires a two-thirds vote by the National Assembly endorsing the vice president to assume the presidency and a presidential election to be scheduled for within 90 days.
Dulani and I wrote about  the challenge in Zambia of the ruling party in dealing with Mwanawasa’s ill health: people were reluctant to openly discuss the president’s health, as doing so would have exposed a power struggle. When one minister suggested the ruling party look for a successor following Mwanawasa’s stroke but before his death, party leaders and Mwanawasa’s family condemned his remarks, and he faced disciplinary measures in the party.
Part of the problem in Zambia is an absence of pressure from the wider society to do something about a president’s ill health, which means a transfer of power will only occur after an incumbent dies. The largest media agencies in Zambia are state-run — and these were late in announcing Sata’s death, and to my knowledge, never wrote about his ill health before his death. Sata’s death in office thus raises questions about the independence of the media in Zambia and the rising role of “gossip” news in informing the Zambian public and others interested in Zambian politics.
Kim Yi Dionne is Five College Assistant Professor of Government at Smith College. She studies identity, public opinion, political behavior, and policy aimed at improving the human condition, with a focus on African countries.

Is the president trying to confuse us about EbolaComments
By Ed Rogers October 29 Follow @EdRogersDC
I was not going to write about Ebola today, but yesterday President Obama made a short statement about the Ebola crisis and said something so bewildering that it has the Internet buzzing and has added fresh energy to the story. After his prepared remarks, he answered one question — and in trying to explain why he refuses to demand that those who have been working in Ebola hot zones be quarantined when they return to the United States, he actually made things worse for the Democrats who are already confounded by his mismanagement of the problem.
President Obama walks away from the podium after speaking at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta on Sept. 16. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press)
In addressing why he thinks the military should be quarantined after being in West Africa but civilian volunteers should not, Obama actually said: “The military is a different situation, obviously, because they are, first of all, not treating patients. Second of all, they are not there voluntarily, it’s part of their mission that’s been assigned to them by their commanders and ultimately by me, the Commander-in-Chief. So we don’t expect to have similar rules for our military as we do for civilians.” Think about that for a minute. Obama said the military quarantine is justified because the military is not treating infected patients. What? So Obama thinks it makes more sense to quarantine those who have not been directly exposed to Ebola and does not think it is a good idea to quarantine those whose work has brought them in close contact with Ebola patients? This makes no sense, and it leaves Democrats no choice but to side with the military and distance themselves even more from the president — if that is even possible.
The president thinks that because members of the military are not serving voluntarily, they have less of a “right” to object to a quarantine. Basically, Obama and the liberals believe that if you choose to work in the Ebola hot zones, you have a “right” to increase the risk that you might expose someone else to the virus when you return to the United States. It’s incredible, and it defies logic.
Maybe there is a method to the White House madness. Perhaps the president knows he can offer up some confusing pablum and his enablers in the media will obediently nod and parrot his nonsense. Maybe yesterday’s Ebola statement was his cue for the New York Times and his other usual allies to initiate fresh attacks on his critics and ridicule those who are unable to appreciate the president’s wisdom. Note: CBS News may have made it harder for the usual suspects to bail him out. A poll released this morning found that “80 percent of people want American citizens and legal residents returning from West Africa to be quarantined until it is determined that they are Ebola-free.”
All the president has done is reinforce the notion that he is out of his depth, he doesn’t really have a plan and he is just making it up as he goes along. What is worse is that he is unchallenged by anyone within his own administration, except the clear-thinking American military. Skepticism of the government’s handling of the Ebola crisis isn’t just appropriate — it’s urgent. We need to see more of it, not less, from our elected officials.
 
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Obamas anti-Israel staff strikes againBy Jennifer Rubin October 29 Follow @JRubinBlogger
In a new low in U.S.-Israel relations and, for that matter, a new low in U.S. foreign policy, a senior White House official too cowardly to go on record told Jeffrey Goldberg in an interview that prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu is a “chickens—” because he allegedly won’t stand up to his party on a peace deal with the Palestinian Authority. The unnamed White House adviser, forgetting Israel’s recent war with Hamas, declared: “The good thing about Netanyahu is that he’s scared to launch wars. The bad thing about him is that he won’t do anything to reach an accommodation with the Palestinians or with the Sunni Arab states. The only thing he’s interested in is protecting himself from political defeat. He’s not [Yitzhak] Rabin, he’s not [Ariel] Sharon, he’s certainly no [Menachem] Begin. He’s got no guts.” The Palestinian Authority, you will recall, is in a unity government with Hamas and via its president at the United Nations accused Israel of genocide.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Obama earlier this month. (European Pressphoto Agency)
The statement is ignorant or an intentionally false accusation on so many different levels it is hard to know where to begin. Netanyahu has confirmed Israel will pursue a two-state solution, voluntarily entered into a housing freeze and has been willing to negotiate without precondition. Moreover, it is not simply the far right but the large majority of Israelis who now see the Oslo process as a failure. From the Labor Party to Likud, the political spectrum in Israel on this issue is in sync. And finally, Israel is getting along fine with the Sunni states, better than the latter are with the Obama administration, since both understand the threat posed by Iran and its surrogates.
Secretary of State John Kerry criticized reports that the relationship between the U.S. and Israel is deteriorating. This comes after an anonymous U.S. official was quoted using profanity to describe Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. (AP)
Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-Ohio) issued a long statement denouncing the  “disrespectful rhetoric used time and again by this administration with respect to the special relationship the United States has with the state of Israel”:
The administration has tried to convince Congress and the American people that we should trust the president’s pursuit of a nuclear deal with the government of Iran while refusing to address substantive concerns about the regime’s sponsorship of terrorism and abysmal human rights record. The administration scoffs at the enduring willingness of members of both parties to maintain commitments to our friends and allies, contending that those commitments are mere sentiment, while all the while the administration and the president himself are taken aback that friends and allies won’t support him when he ignores them and, in some cases, belittles them. . . . I am tired of the administration’s apology tour.  The president sets the tone for his administration. He either condones the profanity and disrespect used by the most senior members of his administration, or he does not. It is time for him to get his house in order and tell the people that can’t muster professionalism that it is time to move on.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) added: “I am profoundly concerned about reports that senior Administration officials are attacking the character of Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, our closest ally in the Middle East. Unfortunately, these are not isolated insults; they are part of a pattern of disrespectful and profoundly counterproductive behavior that has strained the critical alliance between the United States and Israel. I call on President Obama to firmly repudiate these views.”
Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who is running for Senate, issued a statement, which read:
I’m appalled at recent media reports suggesting the Obama administration is seeking ‘détente’ with Iran, while unnamed administration officials disparage Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with vulgar ad hominem attacks. I call upon President Obama to renounce these reports and disclose the names of these officials and fire them. Iran remains our worst enemy and Israel our closest ally. The Obama administration’s weak behavior will only embolden Iran to continue its headlong rush to nuclear weapons and terror campaigns against America and our allies, while destabilizing the region and further eroding our interests.
Finally, for the record, I must note that Prime Minister Netanyahu in his youth was a member of Israel’s elite special-operations forces, where he displayed great courage.  He and his family have made grave sacrifices in the fight against our common enemies. On behalf of all Arkansans, I want to thank Mr. Netanyahu for his bravery and service.
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center told Right Turn: “We are talking about one of America’s great friends. Who can we trust in the Middle East long-term but the democratic, dynamic and free state of Israel? Yet someone hiding behind a desk is taking pot shots at Israel’s prime minister.” Comparing the language used toward Iran, he says, “Who do we manage to curse? Our friend. And who do we laud that we should be cursing?”
Likewise, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus issued a written statement, reading in part: “Americans should not accept this. We should never betray our ally Israel. We need a foreign policy that is focused, not fumbling. The country is increasingly concerned about our national security, yet the administration is not inspiring confidence. Our country deserves better. Republicans will continue to work to keep this country safe. That means respecting our allies, going after our enemies, protecting our homeland, and supporting our veterans and men and women in uniform.”
Unfortunately, Democratic staffers whom I reached out to would not comment. Perhaps they would benefit from repudiating the remark, lest they be seen as condoning it.
The immature and deplorable insult is nothing all that new. Whether it is former negotiator Martin Indyk accusing Israel of killing the peace process or the president off-mike complaining about having to deal with Netanyahu constantly, the administration’s animosity is never far from the surface. That such a senior official could feel so confident in his slur says volumes about the environment at the White House. Even more telling, a White House spokesman would only say that the comments were “inappropriate and counterproductive,” not false or unfair or outrageous.
This is yet one more reason to rebuke the president, his foreign policy and his staff. If the president were truly upset about the speech, he would find the staff member who made the remarks and fire that person. By the White House’s initial statement, however, it seems like business as usual around there.
UPDATED: Rep. Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.) has now commented: “I am getting tired of hearing about the leaks and denials. This ought to be the last time we hear of such talk because it is getting to a point where nobody believes the denials anymore.” He is a lonely voice on the Democratic side, though an advertisement for why it is important to elect representatives and senators who are willing to stand up to the White House.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Ovechkin looks to break four-game scoreless streakBy Alex Prewitt October 29 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP/The Canadian Press)
As the Washington Capitals crowded around the dry-erase board for some last-minute preparation Wednesday morning, Alex Ovechkin stood near center-ice with his new linemate, 19-year-old rookie Andre Burakovsky. He pointed toward the boards and discussed different situations, hoping the pair could quickly get onto the same page. “Understand what we expect from each other,” Ovechkin said.
The most recent line tweaks from Coach Barry Trotz had separated Ovechkin and longtime center Nicklas Backstrom , so in stepped Burakovsky to help avoid history. Stuck in the fifth four-game pointless streak of his career, Ovechkin has never endured a five-game drought, according to the Elias Sports Bureau, and with just seven shots on goal during this current span , Washington’s captain emphasized a certain patience in breaking from the funk.
“We just have to work to get a chance to score goals,” he said. ‘If we do the right things in the neutral zone, defensive zone, we’re going to have opportunities to create chance in the offensive zone as well.”
With his on-ice shot differentials — Corsi-for, it’s called — still leading the Capitals , not to mention Trotz’s consistent praise of Ovechkin’s defense, checking and shot-blocking, the Capitals can reconcile this stretch with the positives. But Trotz also warned against searching too hard for goals, thereby deviating from the game plan.
“Past history, people would tell me that if he’s not scoring, or players, the thing that happens with players, and this is when you find out if a player’s maturing, when things aren’t going their way, players look to cheat so they can be successful,” Trotz said. “What happens, when you try to cheat, it blows up. There’s only one to play the game, and it’s the right way. If you play it the right way, you’re going to get rewarded. You may not get rewarded every game, but you’ll get rewarded.
“If you cheat, if you have a lot of cheat in your game, you get the puck less, you don’t get rewarded and it becomes really, really frustrating”
Keeping with the party line offered at every stop along the western Canada trip, where Trotz’s relationship with Ovechkin was dragged into the spotlight , the first-year coach expressed little doubt Ovechkin will eventually rediscover the proficiency that had led the NHL in shots eight times and averaged 5.05 on-goal attempts per game, eight games into his 10th season.
“I think one of the things you have to understand, I think Ovi’s a lot more mature,” Trotz said. “I think he’s going to handle it the right way. He’s playing the right way. You see him blocking shots, defensively he’s way better in his commitment level there. On the forecheck he’s using the body, separating people. One of the things we talked about today is just that when things are coming a little bit not easy, you really have to have detail and your spacing has to be really good because a lot of times you end up in those one on one situations.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Meet the worlds most advanced flying carComments
By Tuan C. Nguyen October 29
The AeroMobil 3.0, which was officially unveiled at the Pioneers Festival in Austria on Wednesday, is a flying car prototype that runs on gasoline and can fit into the average city street parking space. (AeroMobil)
The race to deliver the world’s first flying car is officially on. Here in Vienna, a little-known Slovakian start-up has taken the wraps off of what they’ve touted as the “world’s most advanced flying car.”
Unveiled Wednesday at the Pioneers Festival, an annual conference on innovation held at Vienna’s Hofburg Palace, the fully-operable prototype is about the size of a minivan. It’s certainly matured vastly from the wobbly pre-prototype version the company presented exactly a year ago. Powered by a 100-horsepower, four-cylinder Rotax engine, the Aeromobil 3.0 as a top flight speed of 100 mph and a range of up to 500 miles. Altitude is limited to 9,800 feet as going much higher would require pressurized cabins.
The Aeromobil two-seat arrangement is a tight fit. (Tuan C. Nguyen for The Washington Post)
Inside the cockpit is a dual-navigation system that allows the driver to switch from steering wheel to piloting controls without a hitch. With the exterior, the fabric skin frame has scuttled in for favor of lightweight carbon fiber and the retractable carbon-fiber wings have been repositioned at a slight 3 degree incline to provide better stability. Even the headlights and LED backlights have the feel of road-readiness.
Up until a year ago, the Transition, a well-funded concept from upstart Massachusetts firm Terrafugia was billed as the latest and greatest hope for a practical land and air vehicle. In development since 2006, early prototypes boasted a top driving speed of 70 mph and compact folding wings that allowed it to fit neatly inside a small garage. After a series of impressive test flights in 2012 and a litany of alterations to comply with regulations put forth by the FAA and highway authorities, the project has been beset with design problems. The company has since pushed the release date to 2015 at the earliest.
So what’s to prevent the AeroMobil, which harbors the same sky-high hopes, from falling into regulatory and development purgatory? While Juraj Vaculík, co-founder and chief executive, is reluctant to offer up any assurance, he counts several reasons for optimism. First and foremost, he claims, the vehicle is safe to operate and is designed so that anyone with a pilot’s license can fly one, much like a sandpiper. Meanwhile, on the road, it drives like a normal car.
Here’s a look at the passenger cabin. A 650-foot grass strip is all that’s needed for takeoff. (AeroMobil)
Additionally, it’s fortified with a host of modern-day enhancements such as GPS, autopilot and an emergency parachute system.
“The technology is there, so the biggest challenge has always been meeting the standards of regulators,” Vaculík explains. “Nothing is in place to deal with something like a flying car, but we are feeling pretty good about the possibilities because the Slovakian government has been supportive of what we’re doing and are willing to work with us to make it happen.”
Another major obstacle is the absence of a real market demand, particularly the kind that would enable companies to scale up production and position such vehicles as a viably affordable alternative to automobiles, trains and commercial airlines. Price could also be an issue. The team tells me the AeroMobil will be priced in the range of a supercar, so expect it to cost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The AeroMobil frame is made from strong, lightweight carbon fiber.
(AeroMobil)
“When you can fly, it’s more time efficient than cars or waiting at the airport for a short flight. You also consume less fuel. And compared to small airplanes, you don’t have to rent a hanger and other maintenance costs,” says Stefan Vadocz, AeroMobil’s head of public relations. “When people start to realize how much they are bound to existing infrastructure, they’ll want more options.”
The AeroMobil has been pre-certified by Solvakia’s Civil Aviation Authority and has begun testing in real flight conditions. And like the Transition, the designers will look into making the necessary modifications to satisfy the criteria for registration as a light-sport aircraft as well as a road legal vehicle. Though they’ve stated that they’re aiming to push out a product as soon as possible, there’s currently no timeframe.
“What people need to know is that certification can take years and tests can take a lot of time,” Vadocz says. “We are ready to start and if we have to change the headlights because of the angle how they beam, we’ll do what we need to. But I think what we have now is pretty close.”

August Kleinzahler is coming to D.C.By Ron Charles October 29 Follow @roncharles
(Photo copyright Laura Wilson)
On the very first day of this year, we ran a review of August Kleinzahler’s 11th collection of poetry, “The Hotel Oneira.” Waking up late after a festive New Year’s Eve, you might have missed it. But that review, written by Troy Jollimore, contained some remarkable praise for one of America’s most striking poets.
Jollimore singled out a piece called “1975” and said, “It’s a perfect poem, and it concludes with a perfect image, the sort Robert Lowell used to come up with to clinch his miniature portraits of despair.”
On Tuesday evening at the Hill Center, Kleinzahler will be my guest for “The Life of a Poet,” a quarterly series co-sponsored by the Hill Center , the Library of Congress and The Washington Post.
Over his four-decade career, Kleinzahler has inspired all manner of lavish praise. Allen Ginsberg called him a genius and compared his work to Ezra Pound’s. He’s won the Griffin Poetry Prize, a Guggenheim fellowship and the National Book Critics Award for poetry. But Kleinzahler can be dismissive of the poetry community’s refined judgments. I suspect this New Jersey native is most proud of being named the first poet laureate of Fort Lee.
Kleinzahler is a rare pugilist in a literary world that adheres strictly to the doctrine of Mutually Assured Devotion. He once suggested that the U.S. military could use Garrison Keillor’s “Writer’s Almanac” as an instrument of psychological torture to break the will of terrorists. He told the New York Times: “I don’t like to call myself a poet. Most poets are shiftless, no-account fools.”
Nevertheless, we’re going to call him a poet. “The Life of a Poet” series offers a chance to consider a writer’s entire career and explore the major events and themes that have shaped his work. In Kleinzahler’s case, that includes growing up around gangsters, dealing with the suicide of his older brother, living in Alaska, writing about music, working as a lumberjack and driving a taxi.
“If I had the skill,” he once said , “I’d have loved to have been a jazz pianist.” You can hear that verve and unpredictability in his verse — in his choice of subjects and in his language. His poem “When the Fog” reads, in part:
When the fog burnt off that morning
Outsize JumboTron screens were hanging off the clouds,
Scores of them, huge, acres and acres of screen,
Shimmering.
Pixels the size of wagon wheels, damaged, flickering
Off and on, red, blue and green;
Faces, flags, county fairs—like pointillist cartoons,
Melting away, reconstituting:

Child poverty in the U.S. is among the worst in the developed worldBy Christopher Ingraham October 29 Follow @_cingraham
A man walks with two children outside the Poverello House homeless shelter Thursday, July 31, 2014, in Fresno, Calif. (AP Photo/Scott Smith)
The United States ranks near the bottom of the pack of wealthy nations on a measure of child poverty, according to a new report from UNICEF . Nearly one third of U.S. children live in households with an income below 60 percent of the national median income in 2008 - about $31,000 annually .
In the richest nation in the world, one in three kids live in poverty. Let that sink in.
The UNICEF report pegs the poverty definition to the 2008 median to account for the decline in income since then - incomes fell after the great recession , so measuring this way is an attempt to assess current poverty relative to how things stood before the downturn.
With 32.2 percent of children living below this line, the U.S. ranks 36th out of the 41 wealthy countries included in the UNICEF report. By contrast, only 5.3 percent of Norwegian kids currently meet this definition of poverty.
More alarmingly, the share of U.S. children living in poverty has actually increased by 2 percentage points since 2008. Overall, 24.2 million U.S. children were living in poverty in 2012, reflecting an increase of 1.7 million children since 2008. "Of all newly poor children in the OECD and/or EU, about a third are in the United States," according to the report. On the other hand, 18 countries were actually able to reduce their childhood poverty rates over the same period.
The report finds considerable differences in childhood poverty at the state level. New Mexico, where more than four in ten kids live in poverty, has the highest overall rate at 41.9 percent. In New Hampshire only one in eight kids lives in a poor household, the lowest rate in the nation. Poverty rates are generally higher in Southern states, and lower in New England and Northern Plains states.
Map: Childhood poverty rates, by state
"Between 2006 and 2011, child poverty increased in 34 states," according to the UNICEF report. "The largest increases were found in Nevada, Idaho, Hawaii and New Mexico, all of which have relatively small numbers of children. Meanwhile Mississippi and North Dakota saw notable decreases."
There are some limits to the usefulness of benchmarking poverty in relation to a country's median income. The median income in the U.S. is going to be very different than that in say, Estonia. So it means something very different to say that a given person is making 60 percent of median income in the former as opposed to the latter.
It's also important to note that a household income of $30,000 puts you in roughly  the richest 1.23 percent of the world's population. The report doesn't deal with the type of extreme poverty you see in the poor and developing worlds, where roughly 2.7 billion people are trying to get by on less than two dollars per day.
But UNICEF's relative poverty measure is still useful in that economies are relative, too. Thirty thousand dollars goes much, much further in Eritrea than it does in Kansas. And while you might be able to get by - barely - raising a family on $30,000 in rural Kansas, try doing that in any of the nation's pricey urban and suburban areas, where many of America's poor actually live.
For the richest country in the world to also have one of the world's highest childhood poverty rates is, frankly, an embarrassment. Like our high infant mortality rate , child poverty in the U.S. reflects the failure of policymakers to seriously grapple with the challenges facing the most vulnerable members of society.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Sunil Batra is new AUSPI PresidentSunil Batra is new AUSPI President
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 29:  
The Association of Unified Telecom Service Providers of India (AUSPI) has elected Sunil Batra, Vice President – Corporate Affairs, Tata Teleservices Ltd. as its new President. AUSPI is the industry body representing mobile operators with both GSM and CDMA technologies, including Reliance Communications, Tata Tele and MTS. Batra takes over from C S Rao, President – Corporate Affairs, Reliance Communications. Batra, a former journalist, was earlier with Sistema Shyam before moving to Tata Teleservices. Sumit Monga, General Manager, Reliance Communications, has been elected as Vice-President of AUSPI.
(This article was published on October 29, 2014)
Related

