Colorado Mastodon Bones Show Ancient Warmer EarthColorado Mastodon Bones Show Ancient Warmer Earth
 | By                                                                By DAN ELLIOTT
Updated:
11/26/2014  5:59 pm EST
In this Nov. 25, 2014 photo, paleontology student Hillary McLean pieces back together the tusk of an ancient mastodon, part of an extensive discovery unearthed from Snowmass, Colo., inside a workroom at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science. (AP Photo/Brennan Linsley) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
DENVER (AP) — A trove of ancient bones from gigantic animals discovered in the Colorado mountains is providing scientists with a fascinating look at what happened about 120,000 years ago when the Earth got as warm as it is today.
Evidence left behind by mastodons, mammoths, giant sloths and huge bison — along with insects, plants, pollen and other animals — offers a glimpse at how ancient animal adapted to climate change.
Among their findings: The warmer weather allowed forests to reach about 2,500 feet farther up the mountainside than today's tree line, which is about 11,500 feet above sea level at the Snowmass site. Forests also may have been denser, and smaller trees and grasslands might have been more widespread amid drier conditions.
A team of 47 scientists has been studying material unearthed four years ago near Snowmass, a town just outside Aspen, when a bulldozer was enlarging a reservoir. The researchers published their first big batch of data in the journal Quaternary Research in November.
"The site is spectacular because it has a single continuous pile of sediment from the most recent interglacial period," about 120,000 years ago, when conditions were similar to the present, said Ian Miller, chairman of the Earth Sciences Department at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science. He is co-director of the museum's Snowmastodon Project, which is sifting through the material.
"It's a beautiful record of the last time it was as warm or warmer than it is today," he said.
The information gives scientists solid data to check their climate models against.
It also means that figuring out the impacts of human-produced greenhouse gases combined with natural changes might be more complicated than previously thought. "The point is ... if we haven't seen all the natural variability in the system and we are causing warming, where are we going?" Miller said.
The Colorado site can point to clues about how life adapts to climate change — but it doesn't answer the question, according to a climate scientist not working on the Snowmass site.
"It shows an example of a world that's that warm and shows us some manifest examples of how animals react to that," said Ted Scambos, lead scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center at the University of Colorado. "What we're headed for is kind of a different situation where we're turning the knob way up on climate in a very short period of time."
The reservoir where the bones were found was originally a natural lake and sits on a ridge about 9,000 feet above sea level. The sediment and bones provided a record of about 85,000 years, from 140,000 years ago to 55,000 years ago.
The site yielded 35 mastodons, male and female, young and old. Researchers also found about 50 other species, including mammoths, giant sloths about the size of today's grizzly bears, and bison that were half again as large as the modern-day versions.
The site didn't produce any information about why animals became extinct, but it did provide hints about what their lives were like, Miller said. For example, mastodon tusks grow a little each year, producing rings like trees do, he said. The size of each ring indicates whether times were good or bad.
"When it's stressful, they grow very little, and when it's nice, they grow a lot," Miller said.
The bones are at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science and sediment samples are at a USGS site in the Denver suburb of Lakewood. Studies will likely continue for years, Miller said.
___
Online: Denver Museum of Nature and Science Snowmastodon Project: http://www.dmns.org/science/the-snowmastodon-project/
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP
Also on HuffPost:

Bitter wild fruits may help treat cancer  diabetesCompounds that provide bitter flavour to cucumbers, pumpkins and watermelons – used in Indian and Chinese medicine for thousands of years – may also help treat cancer and diabetes, scientists say.
Using high-tech genomics, researchers have identified the genes responsible for the intense bitter taste of wild cucumbers.
Taming this bitterness made cucumber, pumpkin and their relatives into popular foods, but the same compounds also have potential to treat cancer and diabetes, researchers said.
That bitter flavour in wild cucurbits – the family that includes cucumber, pumpkin, melon, watermelon and squash – is due to compounds called cucurbitacins. The bitter taste protects wild plants against predators.
The fruit and leaves of wild cucurbits have been used in Indian and Chinese medicine for thousands of years, as emetics and purgatives and to treat liver disease.
More recently, researchers have shown that cucurbitacins can kill or suppress growth of cancer cells.
Bitterness is known to be controlled by two genetic traits, “Bi” which confers bitterness on the whole plant and “Bt”, which leads to bitter fruit.
William Lucas from the University of California, Davis, Sanwen Huang at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences and colleagues employed the latest in DNA sequencing technology to identify the exact changes in DNA associated with bitterness.
They were able to identify nine genes involved in making cucurbitacin, and show that the trait can be traced to two transcription factors that switch on these nine genes, in either leaves or the fruit, to produce cucurbitacin.
The new research shows how domestication tweaked cucumber genetics to make the fruit more edible. Understanding that process might open up approaches to developing other food crops based on plants that are naturally either inedible or poor in nutrition, Lucas said.
It could also make it much easier to produce cucurbitacins in large enough quantities to use in clinical trials and potentially in medicine, Lucas said.
The research was published in the journal Science.
TAGS: Cancer Diabetes
More from health
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

Walmart Black Friday Protests Hit Major CitiesWalmart Black Friday Protests Hit Major Cities With Calls For '$15 And Full Time'
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Dirk Rasmussen had Friday off and could have slept in if he wanted to. Instead, the Maryland resident and Teamster rose early and drove to downtown Washington, eager to join a post-Thanksgiving protest against Walmart.
"Our local [union] president encouraged us to take part," said Rasmussen, 58, who works in a lumber and building-supply warehouse. "I raised eight children on a Teamsters benefit package and Teamsters wage. I'm a firm believer in collective bargaining, and I'm very concerned about the security of this next generation."
Black Friday may be most famous for doorbuster shopping deals, but among progressives it's becoming a regular holiday for labor demonstrations. Friday marked the third consecutive year of scattered but highly visible protests against Walmart. Demonstrators, along with an unknown number of Walmart strikers, are calling for better pay and scheduling practices from the world's largest retailer.
On Thursday and Friday, photos on Twitter tagged with #walmartstrikers showed sizable protests in D.C., Pittsburgh, Northern New Jersey, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Calif., and St. Paul, Minn., among other areas. The protests were led by OUR Walmart, a union-backed worker group, alongside community and labor groups in different cities.
100+ stand in solidarity w #WalmartStrikers on thanksgiving in DC pic.twitter.com/Spqc8rsooQ
-- DC Jobs With Justice (@DCJWJ) November 28, 2014
Dan Schlademan, campaign director of Making Change at Walmart, a project of the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, said on a call with reporters Friday that he expects the number of strikers to be in the hundreds by the end of the day, though the group could not provide a specific number of workers who'd submitted strike notices to their bosses.
"All the signs that we're seeing is that this is going to be the biggest day ever," Schlademan said.
Brooke Buchanan, a spokeswoman for Walmart, told HuffPost that the retailer was more concerned with serving its customers than with protests it views as union stunts. According to Buchanan, more than 22 million shoppers came to Walmart stores on Thanksgiving alone this year.
"We're really focused on our customers," Buchanan said. "We've got millions of customers coming in [on Thanksgiving] and Friday, and we're making sure they have a safe and exciting shopping experience."
In D.C., a crowd estimated at 200 to 400 people assembled outside the Walmart store on H Street Northwest, calling on the retailer to commit to "$15 and full time" -- a wage of $15 per hour, the same rate demanded by fast-food strikers, and a full-time schedule for those who want it. One of OUR Walmart's top criticisms of the retailer is that part-time workers don't get enough hours.
The protest was large enough to draw the D.C. police, who stood at the store's doors and dispersed the crowd after about an hour.
Melinda Gaino, an employee at the store, said she would be missing three shifts this week while on strike. Gaino took part in a sit-down strike on Wednesday inside the H Street store, where she and other protesters sat on the floor with tape over their mouths, calling on Walmart to end what they called the silencing of workers.
Gaino, a 45-year-old mother of four, said she joined OUR Walmart in August out of concern with some of the challenges faced by her colleagues. Many workers, she said, don't get enough hours to support their families.
"This has given me more confidence," Gaino, who earns $9.90 per hour, said of going on strike. "I said I've come this far, so I may as well go all in."
Correction: This item originally misstated the number of Walmart shoppers on Thanksgiving.
Nice of @walmart to set up a lovely tableau for #WalmartStrikers ! Roll back? Fight back! #BlackFridayWOA pic.twitter.com/XR0y85co5o
-- Jess Banks (@ProfBanks) November 28, 2014
More:

Bombs  Gunfire Kills Scores At Crowded Mosque In NigeriaBombs, Gunfire Kills Scores At Crowded Mosque In Nigeria
Reuters
Updated:
11/28/2014  5:59 pm EST
People gather at the site of a bomb explosion in Kano, Nigeria, Friday Nov. 28, 2014. An explosion tore through the central mosque in Nigeria's second-largest city on Friday, and officials feared the casualty toll would be high. Capt. Ikechukwu Eze said the Friday blast occurred at the main mosque in the city of Kano. Hundreds had gathered to listen to a sermon in a region terrorized by attacks from the militant group Boko Haram. (AP Photo/Muhammed Giginyu) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
KANO, Nigeria, Nov 28 (Reuters) - Gunmen set off three bombs and opened fire on worshippers at the main mosque in north Nigeria's biggest city Kano on Friday, killing at least 81 people, witnesses and officials said, in an attack that bore the hallmarks of Islamist Boko Haram militants.
Blasts from the coordinated assault rang out as scores of people packed into the ancient building's courtyard for afternoon prayers. "These people have bombed the mosque. I am face to face with people screaming," said local reporter Chijjani Usman.
The mosque is next to the palace of the emir of Kano, the second highest Islamic authority in Africa's most populous country and a vocal critic of Boko Haram. The emir, former central bank governor Lamido Sanusi, was not present.
Boko Haram, a Sunni jihadist movement which is fighting to revive a medieval Islamic caliphate in northern Nigeria, regards the traditional Islamic religious authorities in Nigeria with disdain.
It has attacked mosques that do not follow its radical ideology in a bloody near six-year campaign that has also targeted churches, schools, police stations, military bases and government buildings.
"After multiple explosions, they also opened fire. I cannot tell you the casualties because we all ran away," a member of staff at the palace told Reuters on Friday.
After the attacks, angry youths blocked the mosque's gates to police, who had to force their way in with tear gas.
Reuters visited two mortuaries, one with 20 bodies from the attack, the other with 61, according to medical officer Muhammad Ali. The victims had blast and gunshot wounds, he said.
President Goodluck Jonathan said in statement that he would "not to leave any stone unturned until all agents of terror undermining the right of every citizen to life and dignity are tracked down and brought to justice."
A MILLION DISPLACED
The old mosque and palace date back centuries to when Kano was one of several Islamic empires thriving off trade in gold, ivory and spices from caravan routes connecting Africa's interior with its Mediterranean coast -- glory days of Saharan Islam that Boko Haram says it wants to recreate.
Islamic leaders sometimes shy away from direct criticism of Boko Haram for fear of reprisals, but Kano's emir Sanusi, angered by atrocities such as the kidnapping of 200 schoolgirls from the village of Chibok in April, has become an increasingly vocal Boko Haram critic.
He was quoted in the local press as calling on Nigerians this month to defend themselves against Boko Haram. During a broadcast recitation of the Koran he was reported to have said:
"These people, when they attack towns, they kill boys and enslave girls. People must stand resolute ... They should acquire what they can to defend themselves. People must not wait for soldiers to protect them."
The insurgency has forced more than one million people to flee during its campaign focused on Nigeria's northeast, the Red Cross told reporters on Friday, an increase on a September U.N. refugee agency estimate of 700,000.
Persistent insecurity is dogging President Jonathan's campaign for re-election to a second term in February 2015. He has asked parliament for approval to extend an 18-month-old state of emergency in the northeast. (Additional reporting by Julia Payne, Isaac Abrak and Abraham Terngu in Abuja; Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
More:

Falling oil prices  gold import ease to cushion trade deficitFalling oil prices, gold import ease to cushion trade deficit
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Falling prices of oil and easing of gold imports are likely to cushion India’s merchandise trade deficit this financial year. In the past two financial years, the deficit stood at unsustainable levels.
According to analysts, the cumulative impact of falling crude prices internationally and a relaxation in the 80:20 gold import scheme will have a substantive impact on the country’s merchandise trade balance, which is expected to end up in deficit in the region of anywhere between $120   billion and $130 billion.
Oil prices have fallen by over 38 per cent from its peak price this year. From an average of $120 per barrel in 2013-14, crude prices are expected to come down sharply to $90 a barrel in 2014-15, owing mostly to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec)’s  recent decision not to cut output.
“More than gold, it is crude prices that are likely to provide some cushion to the country’s soaring trade deficit. The current account deficit is under control. There will be substantial impact on our oil import, as a result of which the deficit will narrow to a great extent,” said Arun Singh, senior economist, Dun & Bradstreet India.
He, however, added the trade deficit was not expected to come down drastically because factors supporting it, such as falling crude prices and relaxation on gold import norms, happened at a time when half the financial year was over.  Besides, a fall in exports will also help prevent a bigger narrowing down of the trade deficit.
Trade deficit for October rose to $13.35 billion from $10.59 billion in October 2013. In September this year, it had widened to $14.25 billion.
The government on Friday removed restrictions on gold imports, scrapping the 80:20 scheme. Large-scale misuse of the scheme had led to smuggling and hoarding of gold.
In October, gold imports soared by a whopping 280 per cent to $4.17 billion.
Under the 80:20 scheme, introduced in August 2013 by the UPA government, traders were mandated to export at least 20 per cent of the imported gold; 80 per cent was for domestic use. However, this led to a surge in gold import rather than curbing it. “The scheme was misused where only a few traders benefited. But most of the imports were happening when the stock market was not doing good. So, people were investing in gold. But now with markets going up, import (of gold) will gradually come down,” said Ajay Sahai, CEO, Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO).
He also noted that plummeting oil prices would firstly have a solitary effect on the exchange rate. Besides, he said, there will be a “drastic” reduction in the oil import bill. He expects the trade deficit for 2014-15 to be $125-$130 billion.
After Opec’s decision  not to cut oil output, Brent crude oil touched fresh four-year lows on Friday.
According to Shubhada Rao, chief economist, Yes Bank, the sharp decline in oil prices will have a multifold impact on the economy. Most importantly, she said, the trade deficit is likely to reduce by $14-15 billion compared to last year thereby lowering the pressure on the current account deficit (CAD) by approximately 0.5 per cent of GDP.

British Airways for hub-and-spoke ops with I...american airlines
(British Airways currently…)
NEW DELHI: British Airways (BA) may consider partnering with an Indian carrier for hub-and-spoke operations in line with its relationship with American Airlines depending on how the market develops over the next 2-3 years, a top official said.
"India is the second largest market (for BA) after North America in terms of (traffic) volume or number of seats. ... Our business model (with American Airlines) is to carry traffic to the hubs in the US from where they fly them to other destinations (within the US)," BA's Chief Executive Keith Williams said.
"We will see how the market develops over the next 2-3 years. It is too early to judge at present," Williams, who was here at a function to mark the completion of nine decades of the premier British carrier's operations to India, said.
He was asked whether BA was looking at tying up with an Indian carrier to launch hub-and-spoke operations from five cities to London Heathrow (LHR) like their arrangement with American Airlines.
Under this arrangement, American Airlines, which merged with US Airways almost a year ago, provides convenient flight options to key business and leisure destinations across Europe and the United States.
BA currently operates 49 flights a week, with double dailies to Delhi and Mumbai, apart from dailies to Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
"As far as the Indian market is concerned, the network model should be smaller airports feeding into the hubs. In LHR, almost 40 per cent of passengers are transfer passengers," Williams said.
In hub-and-spoke operation, an airline routes all of its traffic through one central hub or hubs.
Asked whether BA would consider operating superjumbo Airbus A-380s to Delhi or Mumbai as passenger traffic has gone up substantially, the BA Chief Executive said the double dailies were working fine as these two flights at different times were "convenient and beneficial to the customers".
The airline, which currently flies jumbo Boeing-747s, was considering introducing the Dreamliner Boeing 787-9 to Delhi "due to its fuel-efficiency", he said. Air India, which also operates two flights a day to London, too operates a Dreamliner on this route.
On nine decades of BA operations to India, Williams said "British Airways has been servicing this market for 90 years and we look forward to our association with India for another 90 years and more. ... This year we create another milestone in our history with India."
The first flight of then Imperial Airways (now BA) from London to Delhi had taken off on November 10, 1924, and had reached the Indian capital on March 17, 1925. It had taken four different planes and 20 stops en route to complete the journey.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Terror outfits cannot gain foothold in India: RajnathUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:03 IST
Rajnath slams Pak. state actors
Sushanta Talukdar
File Photo of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh
TOPICS
ministers (government)
The Home Minster alleged that state actors in Pakistan have a role in trying to destabilse the country.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday that the government would not allow any international terror outfit to gain foothold in India, while saying that some misguided youth getting attracted by Islamic State (IS) ideology was a challenge.
Inaugurating the 49th Annual Conference of Directors-General of Police and Inspectors-General of Police and heads of Central Police Organisations, Mr. Singh said the IS was trying to gain a foothold in the Indian subcontinent, while the al-Qaeda had formed Qaedet-al-Jihad to target Muslims in Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir and Bangladesh and convert the Indian subcontinent into an Islamic state. These threats could not be taken lightly.
He, however, said that while such developments should be considered a challenge, the country need not worry as he had full faith in the security forces.
Referring to the gun battle in the Arnia sector in Jammu and Kashmir, Mr. Singh said Pakistan claimed that non-state actors were behind such incidents. “I want to ask Pakistan if its intelligence agency, ISI, is also a non-state actor?” he added.
Mr. Singh said that if the IS or the al-Qaeda were thinking that with India having a large Muslim population they would gain a foothold in the country, they were wrong as the Muslims, Hindus and people of other religions jointly fought for the country’s Independence and also sacrificed their lives.
On Left wing extremism, the Union Home Minister said the incidence of violence had reduced and the government was ready to hold talks. He suggested that the leadership be handed over to the district magistrates and the superintendents of police of the affected districts to ensure better coordination with the central forces.

Playing out theirlivesWritten by Amruta Lakhe | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:00 am
Satyadev Dubey once declared that he didn’t trust people who couldn’t recite poetry. The theatre veteran would engage people at parties by breaking into verses in Hindi, Marathi or Gujarati. He believed poetry made one’s speech clearer and diction, impeccable. In similar vein, a young man, standing before a small audience in an old classroom at New Municipal School, Mahim, expresses his love for poetry. Sushil Inamdar, who essays Dubey in the play Inshaallah, receives a round of applause from the audience and would have perhaps even got a pat on the back from the late theatre director.
The play, Inshaallah by Awishkar Productions, based on Dubey’s life, is part of National Centre for the Performing Arts’ (NCPA) theatre festival, Centrestage. In its fifth edition, the 10-day festival, which opened on November 28, will stage 14 plays in Hindi, English, Marathi and Gujarati. Apart from Inshaallah, the solo act, Popcorn with Parsai is the other bioplay that will be staged at the festival. The comedy will bring Hindi literature’s modern satirist Harishankar Parsai’s humour alive on stage.
As different as the scripts are of the two bioplays, one being a true account and the other a fictional biography, the treatment offers an interesting contrast. Inshaallah is a personal account of Dubey’s troubled relationships with the characters he directed and wrote, especially the women in his plays. Popcorn…, however employs a different approach for its script. “Parsai never written an autobiography,” says director Manoj Shah, who has previously worked on biodramas based on Karl Marx and Chandrakant Bakshi. “I read his rich collection of stories and contacted playwright Nilay Upadhyay with the idea of sharing Parsai’s whims and philosophies in an urban setting.”
Dubey’s characteristics — his temper, eccentricities, impulsiveness — that made the mob of 20 that followed him around (including director of play Ajit Bhagat, who worked with Dubey for eight years) quiver with fear, are being adopted by Inamdar. Popcorn… leaves the writer’s personal life out of the play altogether and is completely stripped off Parsai’s personality traits. “The play is only about the ideas that this modern writer of the Hindi language stood for,” says Daya Shankar Pandey, who plays Parsai. Along with replicating some real-life incidents, the play offers Parsai’s hilarious comments on modern day situations, such as Modi’s idea of politics, Shah Rukh Khan’s idea of love, and consumerism, among others.
“We won’t be presumptuous and say this is how Parsai would react today. But these commentaries are something that will strike a chord with his readers, who will hopefully recognise continued…

Waiting for a dryrunWritten by Bashaarat Masood |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:00 am
Wearing a warm blue tracksuit and a woollen cap, Mohammad Basha is busy repairing a car at a Maruti service station in Srinagar’s Hyderpora neighbourhood. He has come all the way from Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh, travelling more than 2,500 km, has been here more than a month, and his job is far from done.
It’s almost three months since the Srinagar floods of September 7. But even at 100 cars a day, and with 700 technicians at hand, flown in by Maruti from different parts of the country, there are just too many vehicles seeking attention, all rendered defunct after being under water up to 10 feet deep for up to 25 days.
More than 6,500 Maruti cars of different makes are awaiting repair at the authorised stations of the car maker in the Valley. If one includes those taken to local workshops, the damaged cars total more than 15,000. Earlier, on any given day, say the dealers, that number would be less than 200.
After Maruti, Hyundai is the second leading car seller in the Valley. “Around 4,000 of our cars were damaged in the floods,” says Javed Ahmad, Service Manager of K C Hyundai, a Hyundai showroom and service station at Hyderpora. “We bought around 30 technicians from outside to relieve pressure on the local staff,” he says.
“On an average, the repairs cost between Rs 60,000 and Rs 90,000,” says a technician. “If the car is not insured, the price can be renegotiated to Rs 40,000, but then it is done at the customer’s risk.”
Basha admits it is a tough task, but interesting. “Initially, we faced certain difficulties, like the weather is cold and the food different. But we adapted and now we are enjoying it here.”
Neerja Bharat, manager, corporate communications of Maruti, says the extra hands they have brought in to speed up repair and restoration have the expertise to deal with such vehicles. “They earlier worked in Surat, Mumbai and Uttarakhand,” she says, talking of the situation after the earthquake in the Gujarat city, the flooding of Mumbai and the flash floods of Uttarakhand.
The damaged cars in Srinagar need replacement of most parts — including ECM, alternator, clutch plate, steering, battery, locking system and the seats. ECM, short for ‘Electronic Control Module’, is a much-heard word in the Valley these days, and supplies are fast running out, particularly for the old models. Even rates in the second-hand market are up from Rs 1,000 per piece to Rs 7,000. A new ECM costs between Rs 14,000 and Rs 35,000 depending on the car model.
Mudasir Ahmad, who owns a Maruti 800, even travelled to Delhi to get it. “I waited for a month. When the service station couldn’t arrange an ECM, I went to many scrap dealers in north Kashmir. They told me that all the ECMs they stocked had been taken by mechanics from different workshops,” he says. “So I travelled to Delhi and bought a second-hand ECM for Rs 3,000 from Jama Masjid area in Old City. But just my luck, it didn’t work. It has been two months and my vehicle is still at the service station.”
Jamkash Vehicleades, a leading Maruti showroom and service station in Srinagar, has deployed 100 technicians from outside the state apart from the regular staff. It has got orders for repair of more than 1,700 cars. In a day, the service station is not able to restore more than 40.
Managing Director Irfan Ahmad says the complete repair and restoration will take at least two more months. “It is a Herculean task. There are many cars which had even been repaired by local mechanics but stopped running after some time,” says Ahmad.
A restored car has to pass through several stages before it is handed back to the customer. “The first thing is to wash the car. It is the most difficult task. We have to remove every part and wash it,” says Abdul Hameed, CEO of Rahim Automobiles, a Maruti service station at Rangreth on the outskirts of Srinagar. “We give incentives to car washers and even got a machine that heats the water to be used for washing, but the output is much lesser than we need.”
The Valley weather, with night temperatures already dropping below 0 degree, is also slowing down work. “Our technicians are working in two shifts —  day and night. But the weather is creating problems,” says Hameed.
After the wash, the car goes to a repair bay where its parts — both mechanical and electronic — are removed and checked. “We make an inventory of the parts that need to changed. If all the damaged parts are available, these are replaced. If some parts are pending, the car is kept in a separate area till the parts are received,” says Hameed. “Once the car is re-assembled, it is taken for a road test.”
If the car passes the road test, it is washed again and then a separate team does the interiors.
At Jamkash Vehcileades, Basha and his colleagues end up spending entire days inside the repair shop. “This is a challenge,” Basha admits, but “we will leave only when all these cars are restored.”
It was only one past Sunday that they took a break. Basha and a group of colleagues went to Gulmarg for a day to try and put the Srinagar flood behind.

One Potato  TwoPotatoWritten by Suanshu Khurana | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:00 am
Alo Wala is not a parantha in immediate danger of making you fat. It, however, is the moniker for a six-piece outfit led by 33-year-old US-based rapper Shivani Ahlowalia , and of course a play on her last name. A combination of two projects, with Copenhagen-based band Copia Doble Systema being the other, Alo Wala’s unexpected bass drops, happy vibes, double-time raps and hypnotic visuals are doing the rounds across music circles in the world. But it’s the band name that has stuck around and has people taking a second listen. “I was in Kolkata with Brooklyn Shanti helping him with a shoot and he had this song called Moner alo, I asked him what ‘Alo’ meant and he said it meant ‘light’ in Bengali. It was one of those ‘ah ha’ moments. I’m not sure everyone gets it though. People here pronounce it Aloo Wala — and then all of a sudden we sell potatoes and not light — but hey, it’s funny,” says Shivani, who along with her band will be a highlight today — the second and final day of Bacardi NH7 Weekender.
But it wasn’t until 2008 that Shivani felt the need to express herself through rapping. She had co-founded an NGO in West Africa and was running a project called Hip Hop Harmony that worked with unification through hip hop in Guinea Bissau, Senegal, Mali, Mauritania and Morocco. “I quickly became a West African hip hop magnet and was surrounded by rappers using words to fight their battles. It was powerful and inspiring, and that’s where it started really,” says Shivani. She decided to collaborate with Julius Sylvest of the Copia Doble Systema in India after her art residency in Pondicherry was cut short due to a cyclone. “I was amazed at the resilience of the people of Pondicherry, particularly my host who said that the storm gave him, ‘an opportunity to rebuild better’. I was inspired to destroy the aspects of my life that weren’t working. A consequence of that was committing my life to music,” says Shivani. The result of the collaboration was Bend yuh backbone, a song about creating new realities in the face of destruction.
As for her music, it expands over several genres. “Tropical bass is a vague yet expansive term. Each one of us brings inputs based on our life experiences and our music interests and it comes together in a distinctly galactic, universal sound that doesn’t belong to any one genre,” says Shivani.
A first-generation American, born in Chicago to a Punjabi-Indian family, Shivani grew up dancing to bhangra and listening to Michael Jackson and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. “Everyone would just rage, spinning round and round continued…

Big Picture: This ship hassailedWritten by Anjali Lukose |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 7:48 am
The beginning of the end has begun for India’s first aircraft-carrier warship, its 1971 war hero, and one of only six of its kind manufactured in the world. Photographs: Vasant Prabhu, Pradip Das & Amit Chakravarty
It is 1.30 am on a cool November night and the tide is high. Around 10 men get into position at Lakribunder Plot No. 10 at Darukhana. A hand signal later, three winch machines roar to life, yanking two-inch thick iron chains through the soft sea mud. They are attempting to move a 69-year-old, 704-ft-long, 21,067-tonne object closer to land. An hour later, INS Vikrant has moved 4 feet.
The 10 men heave a sigh of relief. Had they failed, the next opportunity would have come after 15-20 days. “Our work revolves around amavas (new moon) and bahaav (tide),” says a worker.
The Majestic-class aircraft carrier, the only such warship in the world still available of the original six constructed during Second World War — all of them since scrapped — is being torn down at Mumbai harbour. Its bow already gone, Vikrant looks naked. Vulnerable. Exposed.
The cutters and segregators at work on the site. Behind them are the containers with scrap already loaded.
The last time the ‘Old Lady’ felt this vulnerable was back in 1971. The war was on, and Pakistan submarine Ghazi and the Pakistani Air Force were on her tail on the Eastern Front. “The Indian Air Force then attacked the Pakistani Air Force base. When Ghazi was sunk, Vikrant had a free run of the Bay of Bengal,” says a Naval officer, who served on board the carrier.
Its crew eventually won two Mahavir Chakras and 12 Vir Chakras for their war efforts. “Vikrant helped shorten the 1971 war and saved lives,” says I C Rao, vice-admiral (retd), who served onboard as a chief engineer in 1975-76. “She was the only aircraft carrier east of the Suez Canal, with the exception of the one with Australia.”
Workers smelting the inside of the ship. They are being extra careful to rule out the presence of petrol, used on Vikrant
It served for 26 more years, before being decommissioned in 1997.
On November 20, 2014, though, as the beginning of the end started for INS Vikrant, there were few from those days present to give her company.
It will take 200 men six months, working 16 hours a day on an average, to cut up the ship and sort what’s retrieved from it to be re-used or sold as scrap. Every day, around 100 tonnes are being cut from the ship, translating into 50-80 tonnes of useable scrap. At the end of the exercise, new owner IB Commercial Pvt Ltd, which bought the ship from the Navy for Rs 63.02 crore, will earn at least Rs 100 crore as scrap.
For the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) too, history is being made. Vikrant is the biggest ship and the first Naval one to be broken at the harbour, where shipbreaking began in the 1950s. It is docked at the largest of its 18 plots, spread over 3,000 sq m. The ship is stuck about 5 metres deep in the wet soil, making it harder to pull.
At present, eight other ships are being broken down at Darukhana. Vikrant easily towers over them.
***
Hariram Yadav, 58, oversees the work force of cutters, segregators, crane and winch operators. He is in charge of cutting up Vikrant, breaking its large chunks into smaller pieces, as well as segregating the scrap into rollable sheets, ferrous material, non-ferrous material and unusable junk. His men have with them around 100 cutters, welding machines, oxygen tanks, cylinders and metal content testers.
Yadav, a contractor hired by IB Commercial, was himself part of the operations to pull the ship closer to harbour. “Double zor lagana padta hai kheenchne mein (I have to put in twice the effort to pull the ship),” he says.
The bow area falling off after 72 hours of trying to separate it. An important component, it was built to withstand collisions
At 14,085 metric light displacement tonnes (LDT) — the weight of a ship without anything on board, used to determine the value of its scrap — Vikrant is much heavier than regular merchant ships, some of which weigh in at around 8,000 LDT. While those have large cargo sections and regular steel fittings, Vikrant has cabin rooms, hangars large enough to keep up to 21 aircraft, armament storage areas and is made of gun metal, a type of alloy heavier than steel.
At 2.30 pm, on November 20, the breaking began from inside. Around 20 workers entered from the opening on the bow of the ship, from where the anchor comes out, to begin smelting her. They started with the 120-ft ramp, cutting off 10 ft, and moved on to the front of the ship, followed by the cable deck. In 72 hours, the bow was brought down.
The workers had to made sure the fuel pipeline of the ship was clean before they began smelting. “Unlike other ships that have oil, Vikrant used petrol. Even kachra will burn if petrol is left, so we have to be very careful,” says Ram Yadav, 42, one of the cutters. That’s what makes cutting this ship different from other ships, he adds.
Pointing at the broken part from a distance, vice-admiral (retd) Rao says the bow is perhaps the most important part of a ship such as Vikrant. With its watertight compartments, it was built to withstand a collision, keeping the rest of the ship intact.
“See the protruding parts on the sides, that’s where the anti-aircraft guns, 40-mm short-range ones, were positioned. Further ahead, there were three large hangars, where aircraft were stored and serviced,” he continues.
A week into the breaking process, around 500 tonnes of scrap have been removed from Vikrant. Washbasins and broken cabin rooms, frames of the bulkhead and the anchor winch peek out.
Cutters first mark a part of the ship and begin melting the edges along it. A winch then tugs on the hook attached to the marked portion to remove it, cranes lift the part to a separate area, where it is further cut. Scrap is loaded onto containers at the plot itself. As on Thursday last week, five containers were half full. None of the scrap has been sold so far.
With expensive non-ferrous and ferrous pieces kept in the open, security guards keep vigil day and night to prevent stealing, including from sea.
***
The workers will move next towards the stern (end of the ship), parts of flight deck, the bridge, the operations room, the flying control panel, the mess decks, the engine room and the keel.
IB Commercial Director Abdul Karim Jaka explains the process. Unlike the Alang ship recycling ward in Gujarat —the largest in the country — Jaka says, at Mumbai, the soil at the shipbreaking yard is marshy and the ships tend to sink into the mud.
Work on to break the 120-ft ramp inside the ship. By the end of the week, only 10 ft had come off
“It takes longer to break a ship in Mumbai. We have to break it linearly —cutting an upper portion, pulling the remaining part of the ship closer to land and then cutting below the waterline,” Jaka says. There is no fixed schedule, the cutting decided by tides and whether a particular part is cut or not.
Alang has hard mud. The ships there can be broken from many points simultaneously as they do not sink into the soil. But Jaka couldn’t have moved Vikrant to Alang. Given its damaged hull, the ship wouldn’t have survived the journey.
Jaka’s firm is involved in shipbreaking at both yards, but this is his first time with a Naval ship and he is restless to get to its engine room.
“That’s the best part of this ship,” he beams, referring to the part of the ship that will supply him the largest amount of non-ferrous material. The engine room is approximately 400 ft from the bow portion.
As per rough estimates, non-ferrous parts will fetch Jaka Rs 100-250/kg, while ferrous parts will fetch him Rs 25-28/kg. “Compared to other ships, this ship will give us non-ferrous content of a better quality,” he says. “Baki toh asmaani sultani hai (The rest is God’s wish).”
Naval vessels always have more non-ferrous content, Jaka adds. “The Navy does not compromise on quality.”
Jaka says he deserves whatever he can make from the ship given that it took him almost a year since buying Vikrant to start breaking it. He doesn’t know much about its history except that it was deployed in the 1971 war. “It helped us win. The warship made us proud.”
***
It was in November 2013 that the Jaka family first saw a sale notice for the Vikrant. However, the auction was postponed because of a PIL seeking to stop the ship from becoming scrap. After the Bombay High Court dismissed the PIL on January 23 this year, bids were refloated and IB Commercial won in an online auction.
The Navy confirmed the sale in April and IB Commercial made arrangements to tow the ship towards Darukhana starting May 15, when the tide would have been high and conditions favourable.
But on May 5, another petition was filed before the Supreme Court. The latter gave an order maintaining status quo.
Worried over the piling interest on his loan, Jaka wrote to the Navy saying he wanted to back out of the deal. Return the Rs 63.02 crore and keep the deposit till the case is resolved, he told the Navy.
The Navy finally informed the Supreme Court that attempts to find bidders to turn Vikrant into a museum had failed and that it had been found to be unsafe.
A Board of Specialist Officers constituted in early 2012 estimated the float worthiness of the ship to be a few months and said that any damage would result in free flooding of the ship. “It was time for, considering the deteriorated material state of the ship, insulation of electric wiring and systems, inadequate fire fighting and damage control facility on board, keeping the ship alongside any longer would expose her. The hull of the 69-year-old ship has become so weak that even cadets cannot go on-board for training purposes,” the HC order quoted the Navy as saying.
Another aircraft carrier inducted into the Navy also required the berth occupied by Vikrant in the Naval dockyard in Mumbai, it added.
Sensing the danger the coming monsoon in Mumbai posed to the ship, the vacation bench of the Supreme Court allowed IB Commercial to tow the ship to near Lakribunder at Darukhana.
IB Commercial began seeking permission for shipbreaking from MbPT, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and Customs officials. Six months later, the shipbreaking began.
“My experience will be a lesson for other shipbreakers who buy Naval ships. Emotions run high and shipbreaking gets delayed. I will not buy another Naval ship,” says Jaka. “Also, it is quite expensive to break ships in Mumbai.”
***
MbPT only issues leases for a maximum of three months, at a cost of Rs 1.25 lakh per day in case of Vikrant. At Alang, shipbreaking firms can buy a plot on a long lease and cut multiple ships simultaneously.
Apart from the high costs, a 3 per cent octroi is levied for shipbreaking in Mumbai, making the industry unviable, adds Sanjay Gupta, member of the Iron Steel Scrap & Shipbreakers Association of India. “Ship prices worldwide are high and have not fallen, while the demand and prices of steel have gone down,” he adds.
The golden period for ship recycling was 2009, Gupta says, as the international freight market had crashed following the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers. “Now the industry is hit by falling rupee and the slowdown in the construction business. There is no demand for finished product, hitting the recyclable steel industry hard. The future looks bleak too,” he says.
Workers operate under largely unsafe conditions at the port. While some cutters still wear helmets and gloves, most choose to do without any gear despite possible exposure to harmful substances. Metal shards, oil, flammable oxygen tanks and cylinders surround them, while the firefighting equipment is outdated.
The burning sun and humid sea breeze, even in November, also make working tough. The men, mostly from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam and West Bengal, work continuously from 8 am to 6 pm with just an hour’s break for lunch, for daily wages of Rs 350. For the duration of this job, they are staying in rooms at Kolsa Bunder, 300 metres away.
This is the only work that most of the workers know. And most are oblivious and disinterested in the warship’s glorious history.
The only ones to shed a tear for INS Vikrant or to try record its final moments, in fact, are former or retired Navy officials. While some regularly come to take photographs, they also keep their distance.
“It is a national shame that we could not save an iconic ship like her. We sold our nation’s pride for a mere Rs 60 crore. Watching her being broken is like seeing our own house being brought down. I blame lack of public spirit and misgovernance by the state and Centre,” says Rao, adding, “She who once controlled the sea and ended a war is now part of the scrap world.”
‘The Old Lady’
Nicknamed ‘The Mother’ by aviators, Vikrant was built in 1945 in Britain as part of WWII effort and commissioned in the British Royal Navy as HMS Hercules (the HMS standing for Her Majesty’s Ship). However, the war came to an end before she could be pressed into service and HMS Hercules was “mothballed”. “Lord Mountbatten was instrumental in getting her to India. The deal was signed in 1957. With Vikrant, the Indian Navy came of age,” says an officer.
The ship joined the Indian Navy in 1961. It was India’s first aircraft carrier, at a time when India had only frigates, destroyers and other surface ships. Its initial air wing consisted of British Sea Hawk fighters and French Alize anti-submarine aircraft, later followed by Sea Kings and Chetaks.
The Vikrant in her heydays
She was also witness to the first ever successful underwater ejection in the Navy — the world, some claim —when Commander Peter Debras whose aircraft had fallen into the sea managed to eject from underwater successfully, skirting the ship overhead.
During the war of 1965, Pakistan reported it had sunk Vikrant. However, she was only undergoing modification on a dry dock as there was a crack in a water drum of one of the boilers.
In 1971, as India and Pakistan fought another war, Vikrant was stationed off the Andaman & Nicobar Islands, along with frigates INS Brahmaputra and INS Beas. “She was operated from Andaman & Nicobar as it reduced the flying time to East Pakistan and gave the aircraft more time over target. We sent out deceptive signals and the enemy was under the impression that she was stationed at Visakhapatnam,” recalls an officer.
Indira Gandhi with the crew of the ship that helped her win the 1971 war with Pakistan
On the morning of December 4, 1971, Vikrant’s eight Sea Hawk aircraft launched an air raid on Cox’s Bazar in Dhaka and the same evening, the air group struck Chittagong Harbour. Attacks such as these cut off the escape route of the Pakistani Navy. “With their morale destroyed, surrender was inevitable,” says I C Rao, vice-admiral (retd).
According to Naval officers, Vikrant launched more than 1,000 sorties in its lifetime.
It was decommissioned in 1997 and turned into a museum, but in 2012, it was found to be unsafe. Earlier this year, it was brought to Lakribunder.
A brochure at the time of the decommissioning read, “Sail well Old Lady, sail well. For we shall sail together again, when you and I meet on the jetty on the other side of time.”
India now has two warships; a third being built indigenously is called ‘INS Vikrant’.

Free fall in oil price underscores shift away from OpecThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Well said. thanks for your detailed explanation.Platinum Member
291 Followers
The sole reason for this upside is probably the listing of Monte Carlo, I guess. It has opened eyes of investors. Nahar Capital has following shareholding in Nahar Group companies
1. Nahar Spinning Mills: 10,257,384 shares valued around 100.00 crores
2. Nahar Poly Films: 12,087,671 shares valued around 39.00 crores
3. nahar Industrial Ent : 9336745 shares valued around 58.6 crores
4. Monte Carlo Fashion Ltd: 15,75,000 shares valued around Rs 100 crores (Listing Price band of Rs 630)
Plus the company is  also into business of financing real-estate which is showing good growth. Its investment in 100 other companies and trading in other public limited companies, Bonds worth 24 crores and othe mutual funds, etc.
Total valuation of the investment at the moment is around Rs 500 crores as per 2014 report, which is sure to increase atleast 20% due to the markets performance. I would like to invest more here. Attractive BET..!!
5.00 PM Nov 29th

We will check next weekend - now good night.Silver Member
96 Followers
No matter who invests, company is in loss or profit..? Dividend or non dividend..? Su... Read full message
12.10 AM Nov 30th  | Track

Now there is great narendrabhai modi govt in india and it is not curre...Silver Member
3 Followers
now there is GREAT NARENDRABHAI MODI GOVT in india and it is not currept LIKE Cong.. [agar cong.. ka pura name likhunga to mera din bigad jayega]
12.27 AM Nov 30th  | Track

Crude oil futures down on weak AsiancuesGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Crude oil futures fell 0.16 per cent to Rs 4,320 per barrel as speculators indulged in reducing their exposures amid a weakening trend in Asian trade where it plunged to over four-year lows after the OPEC cartel refused to cut production.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in far-month January 2015 contracts shed Rs 11, or 0.16 per cent, to Rs 4,320 per barrel in 262 lots.
In a likewise manner, oil for December delivery moved down by Rs 8, or 0.15 per cent, to Rs 4,283 per barrel in 2,453 lots.
The trading sentiment remained weak largely in line with weak trend Asian trade after the OPEC cartel decided not to cut output at the conclusion of its meeting, analysts said.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude for January delivery was at USD 69.04, while Brent curde for January traded at USD 72.59 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange in late- morning trade today.
TAGS: Crude Oil
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

How Cyber Monday Differs From Black FridayHow Cyber Monday Is Different From Black Friday
 
Follow on Twitter
Nov 29, 2014 6:24am
Besides the obvious difference of shopping in the comfort of your home, Cyber Monday differs from Black Friday as a key bargain-hunting day in significant ways.
Traditionally, Cyber Monday emphasized deals on electronic goods, but these days it has turned into a mammoth Cyber Week event, with online sales on clothes, books and more.
Here are some major differences between Cyber Monday 2014, which falls on Dec. 1 this year, and Black Friday:
1. More People Buy Later in the Day
Maybe America’s worker bees can’t sneak in time to shop online during Cyber Monday. Last year, Cyber Monday online sales peaked between 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. Eastern time, with sales that hour totaling $150 million, according to Adobe Digital Index Market Research. On Black Friday last year, online shopping sales peaked from 11 a.m. to 12 p.m., bringing in the same $150 million for retailers.
2. Shoppers Do More Research
According to an AOL survey, 83 percent of Cyber Monday shoppers reported researching online before shopping, compared with 64 percent of Black Friday shoppers.
3. Fewer Ads
While retailers notify shoppers and the media of their Black Friday deals days or sometimes weeks in advance, there is less notice on Cyber Monday deals.
“Retailers want to tempt you with as many deals as possible, without discouraging early shopping,” writes Josie Rubio of DealNews .
4. People May Spend More
The average shopper spends $468 on Cyber Monday, compared with $309 on Black Friday, according to an AOL survey.
5. Slightly More People May Shop, With Gender Differences 
According to a Nielsen study , 52 percent of all survey respondents said they plan to shop on Black Friday this year, with men slightly more enthusiastic than women: 53 percent of men said they plan to shop in-store, compared with 50 percent of women. The 1,150 respondents were 18 years and older.
Slightly more shoppers (55 percent) plan to shop on Cyber Monday this year than Black Friday. But women will be more active on Cyber Monday: 60 percent of women plan to shop Cyber Monday versus 50 percent of men.

Valluvar birth anniversary to be celebrated in schoolsNEW DELHI, November 29, 2014
Updated: November 29, 2014 20:23 IST
Valluvar birth anniversary to be celebrated in schools
National Bureau
The Human Resource Development Ministry on Saturday decided to celebrate renowned Tamil poet Thiruvalluvar’s birth anniversary nationally every year. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
TOPICS
accomplishment
Union Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani announced in New Delhi on Saturday that her Ministry would celebrate sage Thiruvalluvar’s birth anniversary every year.
On Friday, members of the Rajya Sabha had unanimously supported a demand from BJP MP Tarun Vijay for the celebration of Thiruvalluvar’s birth anniversary nationally.
January 15 is marked as Thiruvalluvar Day and is a public holiday in Puducherry and Tamil Nadu.
Ms. Irani met members of Tamil associations in Delhi led by Union Minister of State for Shipping, Road Transport and Highways P. Radhakrishnan and Mr. Vijay. “After Tarun Vijay ji’s request in the Rajya Sabha which was supported by all members I am happy to announce that Thiruvalluvar’s birth anniversary will be celebrated in schools from next year onwards.”
Ms. Irani added that books in Hindi and English on Thiruvalluvar’s life and his magnum opus Thirukural would be distributed in schools and that the Centre would monitor the distribution of these books and their reception by students. She added that elocution and essay contests would also be organised to mark the birth anniversary.
Mr. Radhakrishnan said,” We also requested her to do the same for (freedom fighter) Subramanian Bharathi and she said she would look into it.”
“She (Irani) is a wonderful person and we are grateful to her. This move will build national solidarity in the field of education” said Vijay. In August, Mr. Vijay had petitioned President Pranab Mukherjee to make Tamil the primary language of transaction in Madras High Court.

300 taken ill after tanker discharges effluents into nullah in Thane district300 taken ill after tanker discharges effluents into nullah in Thane district
Sajana Nambiar , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 29, 2014
First Published: 19:40 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:32 IST(30/11/2014)
More than 300 people were taken ill with complaints of uneasiness, vomiting, fainting, breathing difficulties and headache after a tanker discharged effluents into a nullah near Vadol village in Ambernath MIDC in the early hours of Saturday.
Following check-ups, more than 50 people were admitted to Ulhasnagar’s Central Hospital.
Fire brigade officers spray water in the nullah after a tanker discharged effluents into it, near Ulhasnagar. (Rishikesh Choudhary/HT photo)
At around 3am on Saturday, fumes from the effluents caused several residents in Ulhasnagar No 3, Ramesh Nagar, Ashok Nagar, Sita Nagar, Renuka Society and Ayodhya Nagar to faint or feel uneasy.
“Every night, a foul smell emanates from the nullah after tankers discharge some effluents in it. This time, the smell was so strong that some residents fell ill,” said Shriprasad Pun, 34, a resident of Vadol village. “I left for work around 9am after having breakfast with my wife. Later, I got a call saying she had fainted. I took her to the hospital.”
The residents have been complaining about the foul smell on a daily basis. "Tankers from other states come here to discharge effluents into the nullahs and this has been happening since years. Things which are banned in other places are discharged here just because we don't have a strong body to take stringent action. People could be killed due to this, it's God's grace that people survived this tragedy. I hope the authorities will wake up and find some solution for this," said Madhukar Panchal, a resident.
After several such cases were reported, panic spread in the area, leading residents to temporarily evacuate. A team of doctors from Central Hospital reached the affected areas and started checking on patients. “All of them are out of danger as they left the polluted area in time,” said Ratna Raokhande, deputy director of Central Hospital.
Few patients were admitted to other hospitals near Ulhasnagar. The Central Hospital, playing a major role, looked after the patients by sending ambulances and team of doctors on time.
Poonam Soni, who was admitted along with her five-month-old baby, said, "My baby, Ayush, suddenly stopped breathing for a while and I got worried. Even I was suffering from vomiting at around 4am in the morning. I took my baby to the hospital. Anything could have happened to him if he was not treated on time."
The incident was reported at Ambernath police station as well as at Central police station in Ulhasnagar.
Residents in Ulhasnagar had to undergo medical tests as they complained of uneasiness. (Rishikesh Choudhary/HT photo)
The Ambernath police have tracked down the details of the tanker which had discharged the effluents and are now trying to locate the tanker’s owner.
The Kalyan division of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board has taken samples from the nullah and are investigating what kind of chemical was discharged into the water. "The chemicals are not discharged by companies in Ambernath. It is done by a tanker which belongs to an area outside Kalyan. We have collected the samples from two places. We will help the police in the investigation and we shall also start night patrolling in these areas to keep a watch on such tankers" MPCB sub-regional officer Nitin Shinde informed.
PI Balkrishna Wagh, investigation officer said, “We have got the registration number of the tanker - MH 43E 1336. We are trying to find out more details. Once the owner of the tanker is traced, we will take due action.”
Residents in Ulhasnagar had to undergo medical tests as they complained of uneasiness. (Rishikesh Choudhary/HT photo)
HOW IT UNFOLDED
* In the early hours of Saturday, a tanker discharged effluents in a nullah near Vadol village in Ambernath MIDC
* Between 3am and 5am, residents in nearby areas began feeling queasy. Some of them even fainted
* Residents have complained about the foul smell emanating from tanker discharges for years. However, this is the first time that people have fallen ill because of the fumes
* A fire department team said it had managed to wash out most of the effluent from the nullah by the evening

Govt to go ahead with reforms to achieve 8% growth: Jaitley'Govt to go ahead with reforms to achieve 8% growth'
PTI  Mumbai, November 29, 2014
First Published: 22:43 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:13 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
Accusing Congress of following an obstructionist approach, finance minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday said the government was committed to going ahead with reforms measures to take India back to original potential of 8% economic growth.
Outlining the government's priorities like introduction of GST (Goods and Services Tax) in the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament, changes in the land acquisition law, auction of non-coal minerals and elimination of non-deserving sections from subsidy net, he said the key economic portfolios were being handled by people who have no baggage of the past.
"Now all these changes have certainly changed the environment, changed the mood. India is back on the radar. I am quite conscious of the fact some people will try and obstruct though the national mood is to the contrary. The obstructions won't be able to sustain for too long", he said while addressing the ET Awards function in Mumbai.
"And once we are able to pursue that agenda, and I think with changing systems and all other institutions also realising that the sectors in which India needs to be helped can be helped by these measures, I am sure the effect on the ground and the change in figures will also be evident", he said.
Seeking a shared vision among all stake holders like government, opposition, judiciary and legislature, Jaitley criticised the Congress approach saying "it seems to be that the party is saying now that I am out, let me obstruct. Since I am not in government, it is not my responsibility. So I will obstruct."
He also charged the Congress party with having an obsolete mindset that led to enactment of a measure like the 'draconian' land acquisition law under which it was not possible to build a private school, hospital or hotel.
The finance minister said Modi has put young people in charge of key economic ministries because they do not carry the baggage of the past and will have a fresh thinking and the ability to learn fast.
He said the government is working on the e-auction route for allocation of non-coal minerals like iron ore to remove discretionary allotments.
"Nobody today claims that I went to a minister and had to make non-commercial commitments for approvals. Gone are the days of a person being sent to party office with a slip," he said, apparently referring to approvals being given after donations to parties.
Reiterating his opposition to subsidising affluent classes, he said people pay taxes not for subsidising the rich. "We have to look at how to eliminate (undeserving) people from the subsidy net. An unquantified amount cannot be given to a unquantifiable sections."
Referring to the government's decision not to levy taxes retrospectively, Jaitley said, taxes which must be paid must be realised but what cannot be realised cannot be taken forcefully.
Such an approach, he said, did not bring even one rupee more to the kitty but got a bad name for the country.

PM Narendra Modi flags off new train in northeastComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said at the Northeast Frontier Railway (NF Railway) Stadium in Guwahati on Saturday evening that the Indian Railways should be a vehicle of India's growth story and hoped that under the leadership of new railway minister Suresh Prabhu, the Indian Railways would make rapid progress in the days to come.
The Prime Minister, after flagging off the first passenger train from Mendipathar to Guwahati to put Meghalaya on the railway map of India and laying the foundation stone of the new broad gauge railway line from Bhairabi to Sairang in Mizoram, said that Indian Railways has the potential to play a key role in the economic development of the country.
"We have decided to open up one Railway University each in the country's eastern, western, southern and northern regions. The graduates from these special universities will contribute in faster development of the railway network across the country. They will be special railway graduates," said Modi.
The PM said that in the budget, his government had sanctioned Rs. 28,000 crore for railways development and decided for FDI in key areas of railway development in the country.
"I want both horizontal and vertical development in railways. Horizontal means better network and vertical means better facilities," said Modi.
Modi also said that more money will flow into railways in the days to come as the government has wanted to privatise some railway stations in the country. "We want railways stations to be privatised. I believe railways should have even better facilities than airports as the common man travels through trains," Modi added.
In his address, the Prime Minister stressed on rapid infrastructure development in the northeastern region of the country. "It is believed in Vastu Shastra that the northeastern part of the house must be proper. Then things will be good at home. If we take good care of the northeast, the entire country will move ahead," Modi said.
The Prime Minister said that development in the northeastern region is one of his high priorities. "We talk about 'Look East' policy... now we have decided, if this is really the era of Asia, we have to 'Look Act' which means not just look but act. And from 'Look Act', we will proceed ahead to 'Look East Act'," Modi added.
Railway minister Prabhu was also present, along with the chief ministers of Assam, Meghayala and Mizoram.

Forget monumental change  where is incrementalchangeWritten by Manoj C G | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:09 am
In this Idea Exchange moderated by Assistant Editor Manoj C G, Congress Lok Sabha chief whip Jyotiraditya Scindia attributes the poll losses to the party’s failure to market its work, says can’t blame leadership alone, and adds that results of “churning” within the party will be visible soon.
MANOJ C G: The Congress seems to have learned no lesson from its Lok Sabha defeat. For example, the party announced a 28-member campaign committee only two weeks before the first phase of polling in Jammu & Kashmir. Why such last-minute decisions?
A major learning for us is the fact that you may do a lot of good work but it’s important to communicate that good work too. We require a lot of improvement in communication. A lot of internal manthan is going on within the Congress. I’ve been part of one of those meetings and a lot of churning is going on. I’m quite confident that in the next month or two, you will see a detailed timeline outlining our way forward as a constructive opposition party for the next five years.
COOMI KAPOOR: But isn’t this churning taking too long?
Jyotiraditya Scindia at the Indian Express office in New Delhi.
In our meetings, there’s been a lot of plain-speaking and introspection. Let’s wait for the results, which I’m confident will come out in the next one or two months. Surely, there needs to be visibility and a roadmap. Timeline — six or four months — is not the key issue. The key issue is to come out with a robust programme. Somewhere along the way, in addition to the factors I mentioned, we lost the connect with aspirational India. You need to be able to re-establish that connect. That connect has to be re-established not only in terms of the role of the opposition at the Centre but also in terms of the role in various states.
MANEESH CHHIBBER: You’ve talked about visibility. Does this also mean that Rahul Gandhi needs to be more visible?
We’ve learnt it the hard way, in the 2014 elections, that for any political party, communication is key. Being omnipresent across all forms of media — electronic, digital, social — is important. As a party and as leaders and individuals within it, at the district level, at the state level, at the Centre, right up to the leadership level, we have to be able to engage with and understand the new India.
MANEESH CHHIBBER: You’re a young leader, the aspirational India. You retained your seat.
What do you think the Congress could have done right to get more seats?
First, remember, you are on the back of a 10-year government. Secondly, we also had tremendous headwinds — oil at $115 a barrel and now, it’s $80a barrel. Oil prices are down by 30 per cent — that’s a huge continued…

Lets talk aboutSanskritWritten by Hamza Khan |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:01 am
Hands in his pockets, a fresh saffron tilak on his forehead, and a tuft of hair on one side, Om Narain Dixit paces the corridors of Government Inter College in Unnao, a town 60 km from Lucknow.
It is 9 am and the first round of examinations for the day has just begun. In its abundance of trees, high ceilings, old furniture and an enormous playground, the college clings to the old world. As Dixit, in a maroon sweater, black trousers and canvas shoes, passes by a classroom, he notices an invigilator scolding a youth. “This generation is uncultured as we have forsaken our values, and Sanskrit,” says the 58-year-old.
Like other government colleges, the students here are taught Sanskrit as part of the Hindi syllabus. Dixit is one of four teachers— among a total of 27 for 817 students — who teach Sanskrit at the college. “Students are not interested in the subject, as apart from teaching, it offers no job opportunity. That means fewer Sanskrit teachers, who teach even fewer students each year,” he says grimly.
“Back in the old days,” Dixit says, his  face now lighting up, “we would have plays and skits in Sanskrit. Unnao district has 2.5 lakh Brahmins. The area along the Ganga, from here till Rae Bareli, is called Baiswara. It has historically been home to seers and Sanskrit practitioners,” he says.
Dixit attributes the decline of the language to not only “uninterested students who bunk Sanskrit classes” but also “purohits (priests) who run after money, focusing not on katha or pravachan but on how to milk money from people”. He weaves spirituality and discipline with Sanskrit, saying that “reading Ramayana and Bhagavad Gita in Sanskrit impacts the soul in ways its translation never would”.
Seeing students hurl abuses while playing cricket on the college ground, Dixit sighs, “Discipline is taught at home by parents, and it comes through Sanskrit but now parents themselves cannot compose a sentence in Sanskrit.”
Dixit practises the discipline he preaches. A resident of Kanpur, he wakes up at 4.30 am every day, goes for a 5-km walk at 5 am and meets “fellow” RSS workers in between. The next hour is devoted to snan and puja. He then goes to the railway station to catch a Kanpur-Lucknow local, Unnao falling in between the two.
The 25-km ride takes half an hour and he is usually in college an hour before classes begin at 8.50 am. For the past three decades, this has been his routine and what has kept him agile, he says.
It’s noon and the first shift of exams has ended. Dixit retires to his office — a small room with a bed, a table, a chair, a wash basin, and a fast-peeling wall plastered with pictures of Gandhi, Nehru, B R Ambedkar, and goddess Saraswati. He unpacks his tiffin for  lunch.
As principal, a charge he assumed this July, Dixit’s day is spent signing some paper or the other. When not in office, he teaches Hindi and Sanskrit, taking two classes of the latter each week. In Classes XI and XII, he teaches from only one book, Sanskrit Digdarshika, which has 21 chapters on basic Sanskrit. “Only seven chapters are taught in Classes XI and XII each. The Secondary Education Department found the other chapters too tough, so they’ve been taken off.”
Dixit gets many visitors to his room. Pratap Singh, a visually challenged Sanskrit teacher, walks in and joins Dixit in lamenting the decline of the language. “First the Mughals, then the British, and now the government wants to finish Sanskrit,” he says. Crime, he says, has increased because “Sanskrit is no longer valued”. “The word sanskriti (culture) is derived from Sanskrit,” he explains.
Dr A K Dixit, the former principal and now politician, also shows up. Elections to the Legislative Council are approaching and Dr Dixit has brought voter forms to be attested by the principal. About two decades ago, he says he was among those who had protested on the streets “against the UP government’s decision to classify Sanskrit as a regional language.” As O N Dixit signs the voter forms, they all agree on the need to preserve Sanskrit. “The whole society is responsible for Sanskrit’s decline. In weddings, we hesitate to part with a few hundred rupees for the priest who does the puja, but easily give eunuchs thousands of rupees,” says Dr Dixit.
They now have some hopes for Sanskrit’s revival from PM Narendra Modi, who addressed a rally from the college in April, and whose government has replaced German with Sanskrit as the third language across Kendriya Vidyalayas. Dixit, though, feels, “the only way to revive learning Sanskrit is to make it a compulsory subject”.
Dixit agrees with the idea that “anybody who studies Sanskrit never commits suicide”, espoused by Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh, a body of Sanskrit teachers who had moved the Delhi High Court to replace German with Sanskrit in KVs. He explains, “Those who study Sanskrit take interest in our ancient knowledge, strive to live according to those ideals and thus have a reason to live.”
As the second shift of examination begins, Dixit takes another round of the college. Walking down the corridor, he says he is happy with the exam pattern where half the marks in the Hindi paper for Classes XI and XII are reserved for Sanskrit. “But the paper should go beyond asking grammatical questions,” he says.
Teaching, he says, runs in the family. “My father, my two brothers, three of my uncles, my daughter-in-law — all have been or are teachers,” he says keenly. One of his sons teaches mathematics in Unnao while the other is an Air Force sergeant posted in Chennai. He isn’t worried his sons studied Sanskrit only till Class XII. “My children are cultured, my wife and elder son wake up with me at 4.30 am, my younger son assists the priest at the temple, and my daughter-in-law reads the Ramayana regularly, all because I learnt about our culture from our books — written in Sanskrit — which I’ve passed on to them,” he says.
The exam is over at 2.30 pm, but Dixit stays back for “banter” at his office as the train to Kanpur is at 4.30 pm.
At 4.15pm, Dixit leaves for the railway station. By now, his tilak is just a smudge on his forehead. The daily commute over the years means Dixit has many friends and acquaintances on the train. At home, he says some colleagues give tuitions but not him. “Nobody wants to take tuition for Sanskrit,” he shrugs.
After catching up with news on TV, Dixit takes his dinner at 8 pm and by 9, is in his bed. “I’ve learnt my Sanskrit,” he says.

Writing a NewScriptBy: Entertainment Feature Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:00 am
When she returned to Mumbai earlier this month, after securing a release from a reform home in Hyderabad, what stood out about Makdee actor Shweta Basu Prasad was her optimism and determination to set things right and return to her acting career. She doesn’t play the victim card, although she claims she was wrongly detained in the prostitution case.
Now, Basu Prasad has taken one step towards achieving her dream. She has joined Anurag Kashyap’s production house, Phantom Films, as a script consultant. “It’s an interim job before I take up any acting assignments,” she confirms, clarifying that filmmaker Hansal Mehta has not yet offered her a role as reported by a publication earlier.
Basu Prasad has known Kashyap and his partner in the production house, director Vikramaditya Motwane, for several years and the duo had earlier asked her to join them as an assistant director. However, the 23-year-old was then preparing for her 12th standard board exams and could not take up the job. “But working with them now is a whole new experience. My documentary on classical music, titled Roots, is also complete,” says Basu Prasad, who won the National Award for Best Child Artist in 2002 for Vishal Bhardwaj’s Makdee.

Over 150 taken ill due to chemical waste in drain in ThaneNov 29, 2014 at 10:47pm IST
Over 150 taken ill due to chemical waste in drain in Thane
18
0
Thane: As many as 164 residents of Ulhasnagar in Thane district reported symptoms such as burning sensation in the eyes, giddiness and breathing problems following release of a hazardous chemical in a drain in neighbouring Ambarnath on Saturday, police said.
Most of them were admitted to Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar. While ten persons were still hospitalised, the rest were discharged, police said.      The condition of those ten persons was said to be stable.
Officials of Maharashtra Pollution Control Board found out, upon inspection, that a hazardous chemical waste had mixed with the water in the drain which flows from Ulhasnagar to Ambarnath.
While ten persons were still hospitalised, the rest were discharged, police said.
Ambarnath police have registered a case against unidentified persons under sections 277 (fouling water of reservoir or public spring) and 278 (making atmosphere noxious to health) of the IPC.
8

Garcon returns to Indy  confident in McCoyBy Mike Jones November 29 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Redskins wide receiver Pierre Garcon. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
The Washington Redskins’ game against Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium on Sunday represents a homecoming of sorts for wide receiver Pierre Garcon.
That’s where Garcon spent the first four years of his NFL career, after being selected in the sixth round out of Division III’s Mount Union in 2008.
Garcon initially played behind star receivers Marvin Harrison and Reggie Wayne but gradually worked his way up and served as Peyton Manning’s No. 2 receiver.
Garcon signed with Washington as a free agent in 2012, and this marks the first time that he will play at Lucas Oil Stadium as an opposing player, and the first regular season meeting against his former team.
“It’s always cool to go back to Indianapolis – cool city, great people,” Garcon said. “I’ll get to see my old [position] coach, Clyde [Christensen], Reggie, a couple other guys I played with. It’s always cool, man. Time has passed, but it’ll still be different. I never did visit the visitors’ locker room while I was there.”
Garcon has endured a frustrating 2014 campaign. After leading the NFL with 113 catches in 2013 and recording a career-best 1,346 yards, his production has dropped significantly as Washington’s offense, and now-benched quarterback Robert Griffin III, have struggled. Garcon still leads the team in catches (46), but his totals in yards (498) and touchdowns (three) both rank second to DeSean Jackson.
As Colt McCoy takes over at quarterback, Garcon hopes that his unit can get back on track. McCoy in Weeks 7 and 8 helped the Redskins to two of their three victories, and Garcon believes the former backup can run the offense effectively.
“We’re just moving forward,” Garcon said. “Colt is a veteran quarterback. He can adjust to anything; he can pick up on anything. He’s ready. He’ll be good. We’ve just got to score points in the red zone, basically; just score touchdowns, and we’ve got the team to do it.”
Garcon had gone largely overlooked in the offense during Kirk Cousins’ starts in place of Griffin, but McCoy did a better job of distributing the ball more evenly. Garcon had five catches for 87 yards (including a 70-yard touchdown) against Tennessee, and then had four catches for 47 against Dallas the following week. Since then, Garcon hasn’t had more than three catches in a game, and he hasn’t scored.
McCoy had to regain the timing with his receivers this week, but Garcon said the process has gone smoothly, largely because McCoy understands the system, plays within it and doesn’t try to force things.
“He tells us what to do. He’s got the confidence, he’s been there. It’s second nature to him. Nobody’s doubting what he can do,” Garcon said. “He made plays [in the two other games], extended plays and did what we wanted him to do, to tell you the truth. We expect the same thing this week.”
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Flip side: Year of thesuperheroWritten by Dilip Bobb |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:41 am
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Is it a drone? No, it’s SuperNamo, (with apologies to Superman). India’s new muscularity on the global and domestic stage has created a host of supermen and women, giving Marvel Comics an inferiority complex. It’s a complex development and all to do with power and an increasingly aggressive posture. Here are today’s leading superheroes.
DyNAMO: or Supernamo as he was known in an earlier avatar. He’s faster than a speeding bullet, one day in Sydney, next seen in Kashmir, Kathmandu, then back to Jammu, seemingly able to leap over the Himalayas in a single bound. Some call it Modiflying as he circles the world to reassure everyone that the force is with them. He uses his amazing powers in a never-ending battle to save the planet from destruction, and SAARC from the evil designs of the fire-breathing dragon called China. As we saw in Kathmandu, just one handshake can send everyone in retreat and save a regional grouping from collapse. Even the head of the sole superpower dare not decline his invitation. His 56-inch chest and limitless energy elicits shock and awe among his opponents, which makes one wonder why his wife needs to plead for protection from her protectors.
Muffler Man: He prefers a cap to a cape, and now that winter’s here, the Muffler Man is sure to re-appear, along with the broom to sweep the city clean and ensure a return to his glory days. The loss of his powers was self-inflicted but instead of resigning himself to his fate, he is back with us, asking to restore his superpowers, cutting electricity wires without a care, lifting water tankers one-handed, taking on the high and mighty, driving his supercar, the mighty WagonR, through the world’s most dangerous streets, fuelled on people power, the aam aadmi. Now, Arvind Kejriwal, a.k.a Muffler Man, looks to take his Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) to victory in the Three Cornered Battle, but pehle aap may no longer be the case.
Betman: He’s as tough as the cement he makes, destroys his opponents (or sends them into exile) with studied nonchalance, rules over the world of cricket and the Chennai Super Kings with an iron hand, and believes in strong family values. It’s because of family values that he’s now being called Betman, for presiding over an IPL that is now under review by the third umpire, in this case, the Supreme Court. In cricket administrative terms, Betman, also known as Cement Man, N Srinivasan, could now be made an outlaw because of an in-law.
Wonder Woman: People often wonder how she became so all-powerful, and a minister, and so highly educated, but Smriti Irani has become the caped crusader, determined to restore the country’s glory as a mighty kingdom. The fact that she played Sita in a Ramayana serial may have given her inspiration, with help from random astrologers. It could also explain her love for Sanskrit. Sita was a paragon of feminine virtues for all Hindu women, known for her “self-sacrifice” and “courage” — and walking through fire  —  and, despite the opposition she often faces, the cabinet’s Wonder Woman takes it all in her stride, in keeping with the Bollywood movie she is acting in, titled All is Well.
Invisible Woman: You see her here you see her there, er.., not quite. Sushma Swaraj seems to have lost some of her stature of late, resulting in her being overshadowed by those around her and above her. In a cabinet of macho, high-profile Alpha Males, her invisible act tends to go…, well, unnoticed.

Immigration enriches you andmeBy: New York Times |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:36 am
A book, The Christian Examiner, warns that “ill-clad and destitute” immigrants are “repulsive to our habits and our tastes”. A former mayor of New York City cautions  they bring disease, “wretchedness and want” to America. And Harper’s Weekly despairs that immigrants are “steeped in ignorance” and account for a disproportionate share of criminals.
Boy, those foreigners were threatening — back in the mid-1800s when those statements were made about Irish immigrants.
Once again, the United States is split by vitriolic debates about how to handle immigrants, following President Barack Obama’s executive action to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation. To me, the outrage seems driven by three myths:
Immigrants threaten our way of life: Many Americans see foreigners moving into their towns, see signs in Spanish, and fret about changes to the traditional fabric of society.
That’s an echo of the anxiety Theodore Roosevelt felt in 1918 when, referring to German and other non-Anglo European immigrants, he declared, “Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.” That’s an echo of the “yellow peril” scares about Chinese and Japanese immigrants.
Undocumented immigrants may lower wages in some sectors, harming low-skilled native-born Americans who compete with them. One study suggests that a 10 per cent increase in the size of a skill group lowers the wages of blacks in that group by 2.5 per cent.
Yet, immigration has hugely enriched the country. For starters, unless you are a full-blooded American Indian, we have you.
Nations, like carpets, benefit from multiple kinds of threads, and Tony Blair, the former British prime minister, was right: “It is a good rule of thumb to ask of a country: Are people trying to get into it or out of it?”.
Immigrants are different because they’re illegals: People aren’t legal or illegal, behaviours are. If an investment banker is convicted of insider trading, he doesn’t become an illegal. So let’s refer not to “illegal immigrants” but to “undocumented immigrants”.
They have contributed $100 billion to Social Security over a decade without any intention of collecting benefits, thus shoring up the system, according to Stephen C Goss, chief actuary for the Social Security Administration.
At the state and local level, households headed by unauthorised immigrants paid another $11 billion in taxes in 2010 alone.
If migrants are given work permits and brought into the system, they will contribute $45 billion over five years in payroll taxes to the US economy, according to the Center for American Progress.
Immigration reform is an unconstitutional power grab by a dictator: Senator Ted Cruz compared President Obama’s executive action to the Catiline conspirators seeking to overthrow the Roman Republic. House Speaker John Boehner suggested that it was continued…

Out of my mind: BombaydreamsWritten by Meghnad Desai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:30 am
Murli Deora’s passing away is a sad event. He was a political operator par excellence but also a very kind person as I can attest. He was one of those Congress leaders who knew his territory thanks to his deep roots and his ability to get along with every community in Bombay. But coming so soon after the defeat of the Congress in the general elections and then in Maharashtra, it also marks a watershed in the party’s fortunes nationally and in Bombay.
Bombay has become Mumbai over the last 25 years. This is not just a change of name but a change of politics and culture. There was a time when it was Bombay, the southern half of the islands which commanded the state and its capital. The Congress regarded Bombay as one of its strongholds. It had a Provincial Congress Committee of its own. Bombay was the place where the Quit India call was given and where the Gandhi-Jinnah talks took place in 1944.
The Congress drew strength from its connections with the money and the intellectuals of Bombay. K F Nariman is no longer known as anything more than a tourist point but he led the Congress before World War II. As a Parsi, he represented the best of Bombay’s cosmopolitan culture. Bhulabhai Desai, a distinguished barrister, was another pillar of Bombay Congress. The combination of Parsis, lawyers, businessmen and intellectuals (some belonging to more than one category) was at the heart of Congress power in Bombay.
It was mainly Gujarati and Parsi, but with S K Patil, Bombay had a shrewd operator who could extend the influence of the Congress into the Marathi-speaking community while keeping his business contacts flourishing. Patil also extended his friendship to the film industry (not yet called Bollywood) which lay to the north of the Mahim creek in Juhu/Bandra with studios in Chembur and Andheri. When Nehru wanted to induct V K Krishna Menon into the Lok Sabha, it was the film stars who campaigned for him in his North Bombay constituency.
Even so, the Congress began to lose Bombay when Panditji could not see the force of the demand for Samyukta Maharashtra. The Congress lost heavily in the 1957 Assembly elections and from then on had to abandon the cosmopolitan face of its leadership and put forward Marathi-speaking leaders. Morarji Desai was kicked upstairs to Central Cabinet. The Congress was lucky in having Y B Chavan who was an intellectual in politics and then many more leaders, with Sharad Pawar the latest in a long line. But the Congress had no mass leader in Bombay itself. The strength of its chief ministers lay in the rural hinterlands of Maharashtra, with Bombay being just a cash cow. With Bal Thackeray mobilising Marathi support from mid Bombay and further north, South Bombay lost its influence. The centre of gravity of politics moved from the Fort to Parel and Lalbaug and then further north.
Murli Deora was the  last link with the Congress past of powerful middlemen in South Bombay. They kept the money flowing smoothly.
Deora did not crave for the top position. He had clout and did not need high status to prove it. He was a quintessential Bombaywallah as his linguistic identity did not impede his popularity. He spoke Bombay’s language which is many languages put together in a mixie to bring out a heady blend called Bambaiya.
The Shiv Sena established its control over Mumbai by ignoring, if not neglecting, South Bombay. Indeed it behaved as an anti-Bombay party even when it ruled Maharashtra. When 26/11 happened, it was in South Bombay, which was alien territory to the then home minister of Maharashtra. ATS chief Hemant Karkare died the day Saamna, the Sena newspaper, had denounced him. Bombay felt abandoned by the Congress both locally and nationally.
Bombay’s dream of being Shanghai did not get any attention from the UPA or the Maharashtra Congress-NCP coalition. It is too much to hope that the new government in Maharashtra will care about reviving the business and financial centre that South Bombay used to be.
The contrasting fortunes of Delhi and Bombay show how much Bombay is a step child of the Congress. Will the BJP do any better?

Special night drive: Moga MLAs son booked for misuse of beacon stickerWritten by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:16 am
During the fifth special night drive of traffic police and district transport office near Pakhowal road late on Friday, police booked VIPs and their alleged relatives for violating various traffic rules.
The drive lets media and NGOs to accompany the police and DTO to avoid political pressure.
On Friday, it was the son of Moga MLA Joginder Pal Jain who was found misusing the beacon and MLA sticker on his vehicle. When his vehicle was stopped at the naka, police noticed that MLA Jain was not sitting inside but still the vehicle had a beacon which was on and a sticker was pasted saying ‘MLA vehicle’.
Asked to present the documents of the vehicle, one of the two youths, identified as Akshit Jain, said that he is the son of Moga MLA and that his father was with him few hours back. “He told us that the MLA was with him in the same car few hours back. It had the registration number as PB 65Z 1735 but the MLA sticker was issued for PB 29H 4067. He tried to resist but challans were issued,” said Anil Garg, district transport officer. In another case, a vehicle was stopped for black film. When police proceeded to issue a challan, the driver alleged that he is relative of Ludhiana east MLA Ranjit Singh Dhillon. “He dialled a number and asked us to talk to MLA Dhillon but we did not take the call. Later, when he tried the breathalyzer, he tested positive. Challan was also issued for drink driving,” said ADCP crime Gurdeep Singh.
Another Skoda car was stopped for checking and police found 18 bottles of illicit imported liquor without valid documents. Saroj Kumar the driver said that he was carrying bottles for a marriage but had no documents. “A case of carrying illicit liquor was registered with the Sadar police station,” said DTO Garg.
A person claiming to be a journalist and sporting an unauthorised ‘Press’ sticker, was also issued challan. During as earlier drive too, seven such fake press stickers were removed by the police.
Meanwhile, during another drive held for over-speeding vehicles on Delhi road on Friday, a vehicle was stopped and the driver alleged that he is nephew of former Punjab DGP P S Gill, but he was also issued a challan.
Another driver when stopped for over speeding told police to talk on phone to industrialist Kamal Oswal and said that vehicle belongs to general manager of Monte Carlo, Oswal Woollen Mills Limited but the police issued a challan to driver. During night drive, the vehicle of Mansa MLA Prem Mittal from Akali Dal was also continued…

DSW proposes hike in PU fee from 2015-16sessionPosted: November 30, 2014 12:16 am
Protest against fee hike outside the V-C office in
Panjab University. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
At a meeting of Panjab University’s fee committee on November 25, a proposed revision in fee structure for the academic year 2015-16 was made, which is to be put before the Board of Finance (BOF), Syndicate and Senate in due course. BOF had asked for periodic revision in the fee structure in 2013. The Dean of Students Welfare (DSW), Navdeep Goyal, said that no fee was raised in the academic year 2013-14.
“During this academic year, fee was increased @ 5 per cent in all courses. The proposed fee hike for the session 2015-16 will be a maximum of 5%, subject to a minimum increase of Rs 500 per annum and maximum of Rs 1,500. It has been proposed that the additional income from the proposed enhanced fee would be entirely spent on students’ programmes, including enhanced allocation for economically weaker sections.

Won t let import of terror: RajnathUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:03 IST
Rajnath slams Pak. state actors
Sushanta Talukdar
File Photo of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh
TOPICS
ministers (government)
The Home Minster alleged that state actors in Pakistan have a role in trying to destabilse the country.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday that the government would not allow any international terror outfit to gain foothold in India, while saying that some misguided youth getting attracted by Islamic State (IS) ideology was a challenge.
Inaugurating the 49th Annual Conference of Directors-General of Police and Inspectors-General of Police and heads of Central Police Organisations, Mr. Singh said the IS was trying to gain a foothold in the Indian subcontinent, while the al-Qaeda had formed Qaedet-al-Jihad to target Muslims in Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir and Bangladesh and convert the Indian subcontinent into an Islamic state. These threats could not be taken lightly.
He, however, said that while such developments should be considered a challenge, the country need not worry as he had full faith in the security forces.
Referring to the gun battle in the Arnia sector in Jammu and Kashmir, Mr. Singh said Pakistan claimed that non-state actors were behind such incidents. “I want to ask Pakistan if its intelligence agency, ISI, is also a non-state actor?” he added.
Mr. Singh said that if the IS or the al-Qaeda were thinking that with India having a large Muslim population they would gain a foothold in the country, they were wrong as the Muslims, Hindus and people of other religions jointly fought for the country’s Independence and also sacrificed their lives.
On Left wing extremism, the Union Home Minister said the incidence of violence had reduced and the government was ready to hold talks. He suggested that the leadership be handed over to the district magistrates and the superintendents of police of the affected districts to ensure better coordination with the central forces.

India emerges 4th in global corporate governance rankingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Hahaha market man jee...how long will u take for your 1200i am still ...Silver Member
2 Followers
Long term target is intact. Natco is having very bright prospects. But the rally which we have seen after elections is so amazing that each and every share got doubled or trippled. When a broad market correction comes (which is inevitable for sustaining current rally) we can enter at 1200-1250.
Another thing is Copaxone. It is a double edged sword. If the US court ruling is in favor of milan and natco, Natco will touch irrspective of broad market movement. But if the verdict is against natco, it will come down to 3 digints (will definitely go up again to 1600 in next 3-4 quarters).
So my present view is on the safer side. (ie capital protection and avoiding speculation).
The future of Natco is bright considering 9 para 4 filing in US  to be released in next 4-5 years. Present sales of these molecules is about Rs 75,000 Cr

Buy close to 7 rs. long term target 20Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I am in it since september 2008.New Member
9 Followers
RK jain bro i am invested here from 340 levels.. i do not trade.. i have it for almost over a year.. i know the potential n will hold further.. during results i do track it and visit board
11.21 PM Nov 27th

Going through the news. it is a fabulous news for titan 10% upmove on ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Impress Your Relatives With These 7 Thanksgiving AnecdotesTalking about the weather and football probably gets you through family dinner on Thursday. Still, you're never far from someone's rabid partisan rant.
Fear not! We've rounded up some great diversions//small-talk talking points to rescue you:
The Term 'Black Friday' Used To Mean Something Very Different: These days “Black Friday” signals the start of the holiday shopping season. But the Philadelphia Police Department coined the term in the 1960s in an attempt to actually deter people from shopping.
Now 'Black Friday' Is Creeping Into Thanksgiving: In recent years the traditional spending spree has spread out over many days. Many of the country's biggest retailers actually kick off their holiday sales on Thanksgiving (aka Black Friday Eve ).
But The Commercialization Of Thanksgiving Is Nothing New: President Franklin D. Roosevelt actually changed the date of Thanksgiving in 1939 to encourage more people to shop.
Some Stores Won't Open On Thanksgiving: While the shopping bonanza now begins on Thanksgiving for many retailers, all stores must stay closed on the holiday in Massachusetts, Maine, Rhode Island , thanks to some old puritanical blue laws. Other stores, including Costco and Nordstrom, make it a policy to stay closed so workers can be with their families.
Other Stores Have To Open: This Buffalo-area mall has threatened to fine stores that don’t open on Thanksgiving.
Not Everyone Will Be Shopping Or Feasting: Walmart workers, leveraging the need for a full staff during the retailer’s 24-hour shopping frenzy on Black Friday, launched a strike in six states, demanding higher wages and better hours. Overall, fewer people plan to shop on Thanksgiving this year, anyway.
Guns Are A Hot Item On Black Friday: People will be buying a lot of guns -- Black Friday sales push the National Instant Criminal Background Check System to run nearly two checks a second.
More:

Something To Be Thankful For: Growing Cranberries Sustainablyreddit
It's Saturday morning in Plympton, Mass., and the sun has yet to dry the dew from the windows at the Mayflower Cranberries farm, but owner Jeff LaFleur is already on a knee in his bog inspecting his crimson bounty in preparation for the fall harvest.
"It's a pretty big berry, as you can see it here set on the vine," LaFleur says, breaking off a couple berries that rival the size of California-grown grapes. "Try one. They're a little bitter, but these are sweeter than a lot of the other varieties."
Sweet indeed.
The fall harvest season at Mayflower Cranberries, home to the first commercial cranberry bog in Plympton, is a scene that truly captures the essence of the Thanksgiving holiday.
Cranberries have been cultivated in the bogs of Southeastern Massachusetts since 1816, according to Cohasset, Mass., author Susan Playfair's new book , America's Founding Fruit: the Cranberry in a New Environment.
At Mayflower Cranberries , LaFleur has vines in his Brown Swamp Bog that date to the late 1800s and are still producing fruit today.
"We grow four different varieties of cranberries," said LaFleur, who manages 23.5 acres of active cranberry bogs. "Stevens, which is a hybrid variety used mainly for Craisins. Howes and Early Black, which are a primarily a juicer and a sauce berry, and Whiting-Randall."
Part of the fabric of Southeast Massachusetts and Thanksgiving Day celebrations across the country, cranberries are one of three mature fruits that are native to North America (along with blueberries and Concord grapes). They are also extremely dependent on water as commercially-grown cranberries are irrigated regularly during warmer months, and for frost protection in the cold, and then are flooded for protection and harvest purposes in the winter and fall.
And while some cranberry farms in Massachusetts have roots that stretch back two centuries, progressive growers like LaFleur are modernizing operations by integrating renewable energy projects, smart technologies and precision irrigation practices into their bogs to ensure they remain productive for another 200 years.
"You have to," said LaFleur, a former Executive Director for the Cape Cod Cranberry Growers' Association who now grows for the Ocean Spray co-operative. "Water is critical for growing cranberries, and we have to ensure our water sources remain healthy."
Along with laser leveling beds, implementing tailwater recovery systems and dikes to minimize water usage, Massachusetts' innovative growers are using automated irrigation systems and soil-moisture monitoring stations to reduce water usage and environmental impact.
One U.S. Department of Agriculture study reported automated systems can help cut back run times by two hours, which amounts to almost 300,000 gallons per acre over the length of the growing season.
LaFleur uses Hortau's "smart" irrigation management stations , which run on solar power in the bogs and report soil moisture data, plant stress levels and weather information to the web in real-time.
"Being able to rely on this new technology," he said, "has been a real plus for our farm."
LaFleur learned about the system while working with the University of Massachusetts Cranberry Station on various soil-moisture monitoring research projects.
Peter Jeranyama, an environmental physiologist and assistant professor at UMass, said he liked the accuracy of the Hortau system because it is based on soil tension, which measures plant stress and how difficult it is for the root to extract water from the soil particle.
"There is now a renewed interest in looking into tensiometers as tools in cranberry irrigation management," Jeranyama said. "Hortau tensiometers along with other sensors will soon be recommended as tools in good soil moisture and environment stewardship in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and we are working with NRCS (Natural Resources Conservation Service) to make this happen -- thus am impressed with the technology."
The web-based system utilizes mobile networks to send in-field data to the cloud, which growers can access anywhere via a mobile device or computer, where they can set up frost text alerts and other automated notifications when extreme conditions hit.
The systems not only save growers time, no longer having to measure soil moisture by hand from bog to bog previously, but significantly reduce water usage and other inputs. Cutting back on water also helps reduce pumping costs, energy use and emissions, and being able to better monitor soil moisture and plant stress helps improve overall crop health.
"In many cases we believe that overwatering does impact the quality of the fruit," he said. "We certainly saw that once we started reducing the amount of water that we applied during an irrigation. We only applied it when we needed it, and in the amounts we needed it, and we really saw that fruit quality started to improve."
The results come to fruition during the fall harvest, when "you see the yields improve because you're not over-irrigating," LaFleur said.
"From our perspective, that's one of the critical parts," he added. "When you see fruit rot percentages drop dramatically, you really see the fruit quality that we need to provide to the co-op and Ocean Spray to make Craisins. It's an important issue for us."
It's an important issue for all of us as our population continues to grow and farmers like LaFleur will have to come up with more innovative ways to produce more food with less inputs to help feed an estimated 9 billion people by 2050.
And that commitment to precision irrigation practices and growing more cranberries with less water and energy, is definitely a more sustainable growing model that's worth being thankful for this holiday season.
Brian Milne is a freelance journalist and blogger who writes about green technology, precision agriculture and water issues.
Follow Brian Milne on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BMilneSLO
More:

Gold futures fall 0.47% on globalcuesGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Tracking a weak global trend, gold prices eased by 0.47 per cent to Rs 26,509 per 10 grams in futures market as speculators offloaded their positions.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in far-month February fell by Rs 125, or 0.47 per cent, to Rs 25,509 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 265 lots.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in December lost Rs 117, or 0.45 per cent, to Rs 26,130 per 10 grams in 529 lots.
Market analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to a weakening trend in the global market as crude oil at the lowest level in four years increased prospects for a cooling of consumer prices, reducing demand for an inflation hedge.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.90 per cent to USD 1,181.84 an ounce, the lowest since November 20.
TAGS: Gold
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Inside The Fight Against ISIS In KobaniInside The Fight Against ISIS In Kobani
Posted:
reddit
KOBANI, Syria (AP) — Blocks of low-rise buildings with hollow facades, shattered concrete, streets strewn with rubble and overturned, crumpled remains of cars and trucks. Such is the landscape in Kobani, where the sounds of rifle and mortar fire resonate all day long in fighting between Islamic State extremists and the Syrian town's Kurdish defenders.
Kurdish fighters peek through sand-bagged positions, firing at suspected militant positions. Female fighters in trenches move quickly behind sheets strung up to block the view of snipers. Foreign jets circle overhead.
An exclusive report shot by a videojournalist inside Kobani offered a rare, in-depth glimpse of the horrendous destruction that more than two months of fighting has inflicted on the Kurdish town in northern Syria by the Turkish border.
There, Kurdish fighters backed by small numbers of Iraqi peshmerga forces and Syrian rebels, are locked in what they see as an existential battle against the militants, who swept into their town in mid-September as part of a summer blitz after the Islamic State group overran large parts of Syria and neighboring Iraq.
Helped by more than 270 airstrikes from a U.S.-led coalition and an American airdrop of weapons, the Kurds have succeeded in halting the militants' advance and now believe that a corner has been turned.
Several fighters with the YPG, the main Kurdish fighting force, spoke confidently of a coming victory. Jamil Marzuka, a senior commander, said the fighting has "entered a new phase" in the last week.
"We can tell everyone, not just those on the front lines, that we are drawing up the necessary tactics and plans to liberate the city," he said.
A YPG fighter, who identified himself only by his first name, Pozul, said only small pockets of militants remain. Still, he said he and other fighters must remain wary as they move around because Islamic State snipers lurk amid the ruins and the militants have booby-trapped buildings they left behind.
"They are scattered so as to give us the impression that there are a lot of them, but there are not," he said.
The Kurds' claims of imminent victory may be overly ambitious. But the AP's reporting has found that the Islamic State group's drive has at least been blunted. Hundreds of militants have been killed, most of them by airstrikes.
On Friday, activists said IS militants withdrew from large parts of the so-called Kurdish security quarter, an eastern district where Kurdish militiamen maintain security buildings and offices. Militants had seized the area last month.
Zardasht Kobani, a 26-year-old YPG unit commander, has been fighting day and night for weeks. Often he and his fellow fighters were short on ammunition and sleep, he said. Now he feels an important victory at is at hand. The battle of Kobani has had a crucial symbolism for both sides.
He said the militants have failed in Kobani and are looking for a way out.
"But IS knows that escaping from Kobani will spell their downfall," he said.
___
The Associated Press is running a series of five exclusive reports with video, text and photos to illustrate ongoing fighting and daily life inside Kobani, Syria. The second part will move on Monday, Dec. 1.
Also on HuffPost:

The Obamas Welcome The Official White House Christmas TreeThe Obamas Welcome The Official White House Christmas Tree
 | By                                                                DARLENE SUPERVILLE
Updated:
11/28/2014  3:59 pm EST
US First Lady Michelle Obama (2nd R), and her daughters Malia (R) and Sasha (3rd R) walk around as the White House Christmas Tree is delivered to the White House in Washington, DC, November 28, 2014.       AFP PHOTO / Jim WATSON        (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) | JIM WATSON via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the White House now that the official tree has arrived.
A horse-drawn wagon hauled the 20-foot white fir up the driveway to the North Portico for inspection on Friday morning. Receiving the tree were first lady Michelle Obama, daughters Malia and Sasha and family dogs Bo and Sunny.
The family circled the tree, smelled it and conferred before the first lady said, "Thumbs-up. It's a go. We're taking the tree."
Malia, holding Bo's leash, said of the tree: "It's great. It's big."
It's tradition for the first lady to preside over the tree delivery on the morning after Thanksgiving.
Odds are slim to none that it would ever be rejected. The tree is chosen weeks in advance at the farm that wins the National Christmas Tree Association contest. The winner has presented the official White House tree since 1966.
In late September, a group of White House staffers including the chief usher, groundskeeper and chief horticulturist traveled to the Crystal Spring Tree Farm in Lehighton, Pennsylvania, to search for a tree they agreed is perfect enough to stand in the Blue Room, albeit tethered to its ceiling, as the main attraction throughout the White House holiday season. The Blue Room tree cannot be taller than 18 ½ feet, so this tree will be trimmed to fit.
The farm, run by Chris Botek, a second-generation Christmas tree farmer, also provided the official White House tree in 2010 and 2006.
The delivery kicks off an intense few days of round-the-clock tree trimming, wreath laying and other decorating by an army of volunteers who help turn the White House into a winter wonderland. Many of the decorations honor military families, a group that Mrs. Obama is trying to support through a nationwide initiative.
She has invited military families to the White House for a first look at the decorations on Wednesday.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: https://twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Also on HuffPost:

Small Business Saturday Is Back!reddit
Poketo founders Angie Myung and Ted Vadakan
This weekend will mark the fifth installment of Small Business Saturday, a holiday designed to shine a spotlight on small business owners across the United States and increase retail sales during the weekend that falls between Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
The annual program, which was started by American Express in 2010, has gained momentum each year. In 2013, consumers reported spending $5.7 billion at independent retailers on Small Business Saturday, an increase of 3.6 percent from the year before.
Millions of Americans -- including the Obamas -- have made a ritual of patronizing the shops, restaurants, and boutiques that make up their communities. It's a day that helps unite shoppers with great entrepreneurs like husband-and-wife Ted Vadakan and Angie Myung, the duo behind Los Angeles-based small business Poketo.
Poketo, which creates functional wares that look more like art-gallery pieces than everyday staples, has collaborated with more than 200 artists to create products ranging from wallets to stationery. Its flagship store opened in the Artist District of Los Angeles in 2012, and a second L.A. store opened earlier this year in Koreatown.
"We saw sales double from Small Business Saturday 2012 to 2013," Vadakan says. "We are looking forward to seeing everyone come out in full force this year."
Vadakan says his favorite part about being a small business owner is the opportunity it affords him to be part of his community.
Poketo is not only a retail experience, but we also have events, workshops, and art shows at our store. My favorite thing is supporting this type of creative experience, supporting artists and designers, and meeting our customers face to face. I love seeing our shop buzz with activity and when I see people laughing and having a good time in the shop. That is my favorite thing about owning a store and doing what I love.
The community loves Poketo, too -- enjoying classes and activities, not to mention the artesian products that have garnered the founders praise from the New York Times Magazine, Real Simple, Entertainment Weekly and more.
"Small business brings people together," Vadakan says.
It's what makes a community. There are real people behind it, people that actually live in the community. We live three miles away from our store. We bike here quite a bit. We are so connected to both the local and global community that shops with us in-store and online. More common than not, we are in the shop, talking with our customers, meeting new people. It's this relationship that goes beyond an impersonal transaction, It is about supporting a community and building relationships. It's those relationships and friendships that help us thrive.
In addition to helping infuse money into their own communities and meeting awesome entrepreneurs like Vadakan and Myung, shoppers with American Express cards have the added benefit of qualifying for up to $30 in cash-back statements when shopping at small businesses like Poketo on Saturday. For each purchase at a participating small business, shoppers can earn a $10 statement credit. By visiting three participating businesses, cardholders can earn a total of $30 cash back.
For more information and to find participating businesses in your community, visit SmallBusinessSaturday.com .
Follow Brittany Hodak on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brittanyhodak
More:

Narendra Modi favours privatization  modernization of railway stationsNarendra Modi favours privatization, modernization of railway stations; flags off 1st train connecting Meghalaya
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 07.32AM IST
Tags:
Foreign Direct Investment
("Railway facilities are…)
GUWAHATI: Meghalaya today came on the country's rail map more than six decades after independence, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagging off the first train to the northeastern state and favouring privatisation of railway stations.
"Railway facilities are the same as they were 100 years back.... Privatise the railway stations and modernise them," he said after flagging off the first train linking Meghalaya.
"I will make it in 10-12 places. Stations should be better than airports as most travellers are poor people. We can easily have trains running below and commercial properties above (floor)," Modi reasoned.
At a time when real estate is very expensive, railway should leverage its properties by allowing private parties to build luxury hotels, restaurants and other facilities, he added.
He said once this exercise is completed in these places, the government will carry out modernisation of stations across the country.
The Prime Minister today inaugurated the Mendipathar- Guwahati passenger train and laid the foundation stone of broad gauge conversion of Bhairabi-Sairang line in Mizoram.
Modi said the Indian Railways have the potential to become the backbone of the country's economic activity.
"We will not be happy in just adding one coach or upgrading one station. We want both horizontal and vertical development of the railways. It can become the engine of Indian economy ," he added.
The government has already allowed 100 per cent foreign direct investment to completely modernise the railway transportation in the country, he said.
Modi said the government has decided to open four railway universities in the four corners of the country where all aspects of railway service will be taught.
He said railway can be a mode of eco-friendly mass transportation, which will be India's contribution to contain global warming.
Talking about connectivity to North-East, Modi said: "Infrastructure is the most important factor to develop North- East. If we want to develop India, we have to develop North East."
Giving example of good roads in South Korea, he said India, particularly this region, should have better connectivity to leverage its potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAIL offloads full stake in Bokaro Cement JVSAIL offloads full stake in Bokaro Cement JV; gets Rs 235 crore
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 07.42PM IST
Tags:
Bokaro Jaypee Cement
(SAIL had formed the 74:26…)
NEW DELHI: State-run steel maker SAIL has sold its entire 26 per cent stake in a cement joint venture for about Rs 235 crore to an indirect subsidiary of Dalmia Bharat.
SAIL had formed the 74:26 venture, Bokaro Jaypee Cement , with Jaiprakash Associates to produce 2.1 million tonne cement using slag. Jaiprakash Associates had sold its 74 per cent stake in the venture to Dalmia in March.
"SAIL has on November 28, 2014, sold its entire 26 per cent equity shareholding of 347,49,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each in Bokaro Jaypee Cement. SAIL has received a sum of Rs 234.56 crore as consideration for sale of the above shares," the PSU steel maker said in a statement.
SAIL executed the transaction at Rs 67.50 per share. Diversified firm Dalmia Bharat has a 30-year clinker supply arrangement with Jaiprakash Associates and 30-year slag supply arrangement with SAIL. Dalmia Bharat Group has an annual cement-making capacity of over 21 metric tons now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FM at ET Awards: PM Modi s young cabinet has new ideas | HighlightsArun Jaitley
("Taxation regime under…)
NEW DELHI: Emphasising that that the thinking of the past government was obsolete, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday applauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi for getting a young brigade of ministers, who do not have a 'baggage of the past'. "PM Modi is an inspiration for the entire team. The young Cabinet does not carry a baggage of the past," Jaitley said.
Delivering the keynote address at the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence 2014 function, Jaitley said that the new cabinet, with younger minds has fresh ideas to take the economy forward. "It is important to learn from the mistakes of the past. In our system of governance, government has to be decisive," Jaitley said. "We want to get governmental discretions out of the way," he said.
Stating that India has an obvious growth potential of 8%, Jaitley lamented that in the past few years growth had plunged. "Growth had dipped and dipped quite low. In the last few years, the system was not very sure who had the last word."
Jaitley sought to assure India Inc that the 'horrific past' is behind us. "Taxation regime of the past government scared global investors away. Taxation regime under previous government gave us a bad name on the international stage," he said. "We have assured investors about the tax regime; we will not have retrospective taxation," he added.
"None of the measures on tax taken in the past will help me raise more taxes. We will have a very serious look at whether we should pursue a cause that brought us a bad name," Jaitley said. "Previous government took erroneous steps that led to fiscal deficit going up," he added.
Talking about the power sector, FM said, "In the past few years, the entire power sector took a hit, Coal India took a hit. Ideas of commercial mining have come about; ideas cannot be stalled, they can only be delayed."
Jaitley spoke extensively of the need to have a 'shared vision' of growth for India, where there is no room for obstruction. "Just because you are now not in the government does not imply that you will be obstructive. We need to stop having a mindset that wants to obstruct," Jaitley exhorted.
"PM works overtime; the ministers are compelled to work overtime. PM Modi had the courage to say that in order to reform India you need to reform Railways," Jaitley said.
Speaking of his government's initiatives, Jaitley said, "We have to assure investors that manufacturing in India will be competitive and cost effective. We de-linked diesel to the market."
"Land Acquisition Law has many flaws. We are looking at the Land Law, I have no problem with farmers getting compensation." "Land for national security also requires multiple clearances. There is need to have a fresh look at the Land Acquisition Law," Jaitley stressed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Concerns in NCP over losing opposition space toCongressBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 5:57 am
The lack of a consensus in the NCP over providing outside support to the BJP-led government in the state came to the fore yet again on Saturday.
At a review meeting presided over by NCP chief Sharad Pawar in Mumbai, some party leaders expressed concern that the party was fast vacating its space in the opposition to the Congress.  The NCP, which finished fourth in the October Assembly polls with just 41 of the 288 seats, has declared outside support to the Devendra Fadnavis government.
But differences of opinion in the party over the offer of such support has led to constant flip-flop by the party. At a recent party conclave, Pawar had said it wasn’t NCP’s responsibility to ensure the stability of the Fadnavis government and told his party workers to be prepared for snap polls. Pawar’s daughter and party MP Supriya Sule had then said the NCP would not let the BJP government fall.
The Narendra Modi factor, dissidence within its own ranks and other factors that led to the party’s poor poll performance were also discussed during the review meeting.
Pawar will preside over another review meeting on the party’s Assembly polls performance on Sunday.

State tightens purse strings with spendcutsWritten by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:09 am
Taking a cue from the Narendra Modi-led Union government, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government in Maharashtra has introduced tough measures to curb expenditure and control its widening fiscal deficit.
The government has introduced a cap on expenditure that all government departments can spend at the fag end of this fiscal.
State’s Finance Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar told The Indian Express that he had issued directives limiting such expenditure to 15 per cent of the total budgeted amount. Aimed at improving fiscal discipline and curbing wasteful expenditure, the move comes in the wake of a growing tendency among departments to raise expenditure in March every year in a bid to improve their budget utilisation performance.
During the Congress-NCP regime in Maharashtra, the state administration consistently failed to spend  over 60 per cent of the allocated plan expenditure, which is set aside for spending on development works.
“Departments fail to utilize the allocated amount throughout the year. Then in March, there is a mad scramble to improve the spending record. This won’t be tolerated. Departments will be permitted to spend only 15 per cent of the budgeted amount in March,” Mungantiwar said. He added that it had been noticed that a large part of the last minute spending was wasteful expenditure.
Even during the Congress-NCP regime, the state finance department had consistently complained against the worrying trend. Facing a tight fiscal position, the Centre had earlier introduced spending cuts.
The finance department had earlier introduced a 40 per cent cut in development spending in the last few months of the erstwhile regime. The cap is yet to be lifted.
While former finance minister Ajit Pawar had projected a Rs 4,103 -crore revenue deficit for 2014-15 in June this year, the revenue and fiscal deficit numbers have since worsened.

Mood in BJP against tie-up with Sena for civicpollsWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:05 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:44 pm
Even as BJP attempts to convince its estranged ally Shiv Sena to join the government, there is pressure from the rank-and-file of the ruling party not to commit itself to any alliance with the latter for the forthcoming municipal corporation and zilla parishad elections across Maharashtra, which will begin in March next year.
The matter was discussed at length at a BJP meeting after which party sources said the mood in the party was that it should not cede political space it has gained to the Shiv Sena and that any alliance should be “need-based”.
“After the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections this year, the political equations have drastically changed. The BJP is not only the number one party in the state, but it is also expected to do much better in the polls for civic bodies. Now, will the Shiv Sena accept BJP’s political growth?” a senior BJP functionary said.
At present, BJP has a strong presence in the BMC and several local bodies and zilla parishads across Nagpur, Bhandara, Pune Navi Mumbai, among others.
The development comes a day after BJP leader and Union Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan called on Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray and held two-hour long meeting during which they discussed the power-sharing proposal.
Both sides are still working on the proposals. “Although we have not reached a final conclusion, the talks between Sena and BJP are still going on. I would like to reiterate that BJP wants Sena to join the government in Maharashtra,” Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said Saturday.
A Sena leader said, “The BJP has offered us one-third representation in the government with 10 berths. We have insisted for deputy chief minister’s post and home minister’s portfolio.”

How vultures dine on rotting flesh They have thegutsBy: Reuters |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:03 am
They snack on danger and dine on death, merrily munching on rotting flesh that would certainly sicken or kill any person and most other animals. But how do vultures do it?
These feathery scavengers have one of the toughest guts on the planet, that is how. Scientists said on Tuesday that their analysis of two species of North American vultures showed that the birds possess a ferociously acidic digestive system and intestines loaded with two fiendish kinds of bacteria.
In the black vulture and the turkey vulture, this gastrointestinal one-two punch effectively knocks out much of the potential disease-causing microbes populating the carrion — animal carcasses — that these birds eat, the researchers said.
“The vulture gastrointestinal passage is a hostile environment,” said microbiologist Lars Hestbjerg Hansen of Aarhus University in Denmark, one of the researchers in the study published in the journal Nature Communications.
“These vultures will consume virtually any dead vertebrate — mammal, bird, snake, fish. They prefer recently deceased organisms rather than extremely putrid carcasses. For example, day-old road-killed deer are perfect,” said ornithologist Gary Graves of the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of Natural History in Washington, another of the researchers.
The researchers examined the community of microbes, or microbiome, living in the gut of 50 vultures of the two species.
The most common gut bacteria — Clostridia and Fusobacteria — turned out to be microbes that are widely pathogenic to other animals. For example, Clostridia can cause a world of woes — botulism, gangrene and tetanus — in people.
The researchers also found that the stomach acid of vultures is very strong and kills a good deal of the bacteria gobbled up by the birds with the rotting meat.
“The majority of the food-ingested microbes will not survive these harsh conditions,” said University of Copenhagen microbiologist Michael Roggenbuck, another of the researchers.
The turkey vulture, often called a buzzard, is covered with black feathers, has a featherless head with red skin, and boasts a wingspan of nearly 6 feet (1.75 meters). It is common in many parts of North America.
The black vulture is slightly smaller, with a wingspan of nearly 5 feet (1.45 meters), black feathers and a wrinkled featherless head with dark gray skin. It is found throughout the southeastern United States.
The two are members of a group called the New World vultures that also includes the huge California condor and Andean condor.

A Tale of Two Girls: Tillotama Shome and Rasika Dugal talk their bond andQissaWritten by Alaka Sahani | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:00 am
During her audition for Qissa, Tillotama Shome was asked to perform a peculiar task — knot her body by slipping her hands through her legs. At which point, director Anup Singh asked her to slowly release her hands and say, “Ma”. Shome still doesn’t know what the Geneva-based director had in mind at the time. “The relationship between Kanwar and her mother is that of constant longing. He might have wanted to see that during the audition,” says Shome.
In the film, set in the post-Partition period, she plays Kanwar, a girl raised as a boy by her father Umber Singh (Irrfan). For the film, Shome had to undergo intensive physical training, and learn Punjabi. “It was like being in Anup Singh’s school of acting,” says the 34-year-old, who won the best actor awards for Qissa at film festivals in Queensland, Australia, and Abu Dhabi.
On the other hand, Rasika Dugal, who plays Neeli, the woman Kanwar gets married to, stepped into the role days before the shoot, after the actor supposed to play Neeli dropped out. Being a Punjabi, she knew the language, but had to learn a tribal dialect as she plays a nakaal, a gypsy girl. “I had always wanted to polish my Punjabi, and explore rural Punjab,” says Dugal, 30.
A still from the film Qissa
In the film, fate throws them in a strange situation. After marriage, Neeli finds out that her husband is not a man. “I was not prepared to find out that our relationship was an exploration of the sensual. How does one categorise this relationship. Are we lovers? We are not. Do we love each other? Maybe,” says Shome.
Apart from their ambiguous relationship, the film explores Umber Singh’s trauma of being displaced during Partition and his grief of not fathering a son. Shome watched a lot of Irrfan’s films to prepare for the role. “What would Kanwar do to become the son that the father wants her to be? She will imitate the father. I wanted to steal any gesture that I could to incorporate in my performance,” says Shome, who also acted in Dibakar Banerjee’s Shanghai.
Seated in Shome’s living room in Versova, Mumbai, the two actors come across as different from each other as their characters in the film. “There is an unaffected gravity in Tillotama, while there is a wide-eyed spontaneity in Rasika. Tillotama never builds a character with familiar expressions, tics or gestures. As an actress, Rasika disorients everyone,” says Singh, who has also directed The Name of a River and The Gentle Dance (Lasya).
Shome and Dugal spent considerable time with each other during the shoot. Living on the location for two months helped. “We would constantly try to find how to do continued…

From drought zone: Despite rainfall  Vidarbha farmers left high &dryWritten by Vivek Deshpande | West Vidarbha |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 1:01 am
A T Dhotra (Jahangir) village in Washim’s Karanja (Lad) tehsil, 61-year old Sampatrao Jadhav is just whiling away time in his three-acre farm. Standing disoriented amidst wild growth of komba weed topped with white corns lording over the stunted soyabean plants, he desolately looks around and fiddles with the legumes, tweaking the jowar-sized grains with his fingers. While others have broken down the crop and cleaned up their farms, Jadhav is left with no interest even to clean up his farm of the crop that is gone.
“In these three acres, I took about 25 quintals last year. This time, the loss is 100 per cent despite two sowings. What should I do,” he asks.
At Kamargaon village, widow Alka Shankarrao Lakde appears to keep her cool despite the double blow of her husband’s suicide on September 2 due to debt burden and the total loss of crop on 1.62 hectares of land. She knows that like all other widows of farmers, she must struggle to feed her two sons and a daughter. “I will have to work as farm labourer now,” she says.
However, not many in this area are ready to work for wages in others’ farms or take up MNREGS works, unlike in the neighbouring Marathwada. Muster records at Dhotra show poor response to calls by government to take up work in times of distress.
Farmers insist MNREGS is just a stop-gap solution and no substitute for what they deserve, which is a better price for their produce, irrigation and uninterrupted power supply.
With less than 20 per cent overall annual irrigation potential and power supply not lasting over six hours a day, they can hardly be blamed.
For the first time ever, yields in the entire division have gone down by over 64 per cent, according to Agriculture Department surveys. The government has declared all 7,350 villages having about 17 lakh farmers drought-hit. Across all five districts of Amravati, Washim, Akola, Yavatmal and Buldana, dead soyabean and pulses (moong, udid) crops can be seen along hundreds of kilometres on both sides of any road taken. Many have cut it down and collected as kutaar (animal feed) in their forests.
“We haven’t seen this kind of drought before, It’s worse than 1971,” is the common refrain.
People say, “It didn’t rain when the soyabean legumes were developing grains. So, the grains remained of the size of jowar.”
Interestingly, the drought here is more because of a mismatch between crop and rainfall time-tables. The region received about 78 per cent of the average rainfall and is unlikely to experience water crunch in the coming days since last year’s excessive rainfall has helped in water storage being reasonably good, standing at 74 per cent today.
Also, erratic BSNL mobile network has affected the delivery of continued…

Digital things help us transmit emotions like neverbeforeWe live in the time of sapient technologies. The relationship that we have with them is not the same as we have had with old fashioned objects (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:00 am
By Nishant Shah
When was the last time you told your computer that you love it? Or the last time you caressed your phone fondly, thinking how much you care about it? Remember the time when your e-reader broke its screen, and for the longest time you read through the cracks, reluctant to let go even though you knew you would have to buy a new one? Or have you ever wondered, why, despite all that we know about surveillance and data mining, we not only continue to use all our social media but actually think of the social networks fondly?
We live in the time of sapient technologies. The relationship that we have with them is not the same as we have had with old fashioned objects that were our property. Oh, sure, you must have been upset when the refrigerator broke down, or if one day, your favourite shoes got replaced, but it would have been difficult to talk about your love for those objects. Unless you have very specific memories associated with those objects — your parents bought you the fridge when you got married; those were the first pair of shoes you bought when you graduated — we have always recycled objects, more or less treated them as useful things, measuring their value and worth in their use value to us.
But the digital device is not just an object. It is a thing. A thing is an object-plus. A thing seems to understand, seems to respond, seems to feel, even though it might not be measurable by our existing state of technological scales. The thing is more than something you own, use, and discard. The thing has specific memories, affections, and affectations that train us to respond and communicate with them in particular ways. Pervasive technologies, especially with the mobile devices of computing like smartphones and tablets, are no longer just objects of desire and possession.
Indeed, they seem to desire us back and possess us in strange and unexpected ways. Which is why, there is an entire generation of young people for whom, the default mode of interaction with the world is a flick and a scroll. These are not human intuitive actions. However, the world of interfaces that we live in has trained us to think of the entire universe as a series of searchable menu options through which we can navigate to the furthest frontiers of experience and imagination. Digital devices have shrunk space, accelerated time, and produced for us, a hyperconnectivity which makes us think of everybody just a click away. And we know that in moments of disconnection, we feel helpless, alone, mortal.
Digital things listen to us — I mean, come on, nobody listens to anything that you say as intently and attentively continued…

Duck Tales II: About divers  the half-migrants and the residentduckWritten by Ranjit Lal | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:00 am
The diving ducks are relatively heavy-boned and seek their meals at the bottom of ponds and water bodies (though some do dabble also!), looking for molluscs, crustaceans, and the roots and shoots of aquatic plants. They tend to have a certain basilisk-like look and lack the cheery bright-eyed attitude of the dabblers. Amongst the most familiar: (The descriptions are of the drakes, the duckies are drabber and nondescript, but shoulder greater responsibilities.)
Red-Crested Pochard: Dandy prince amongst the pochards, this fellow has a shiny henna-coloured head and wears a formal black bandhgala. His flanks are white, the upper parts pale brown, with white shoulder patches: the lower part of the plumage is black and he flashes white wing mirrors when he flies. Knockout valentine-pink bill completes the ensemble. Allegedly, RCPs (as they are laconically called by birders) are fussy about the purity of water and so serve as indicators of water pollution. Around Delhi, the Yamuna Diversity Park appears to have become a favourite winter resort.
Common Pochard: A (drably) dressed down version of the above, in ginger (head), gunmetal, black and ashy white; its bill is black and bluish-grey. Floats low and looks a big hungover.
Tufted Pochard: A personal favourite, especially when it raises its shendi comically and irritably and glares at you out of gold-ringed eyes. Simply clad in black and white (khadi?), the “tuft” or shendi (called the occipital crest) lies along the back of its head and is raised when the bird gets excited. A true deep-water diver, it floats in the middle of lakes and reservoirs and can disappear beneath the water for considerable periods. On land, like other divers, it walks like Charlie Chaplin because its legs are set so far back.
White-eyed Pochard: Little smaller than regulation duck-size, a dark gingery-brown duck with a gimlet golden or white-ringed eye. Not completely firangi — it does breed in Kashmir too while others fly in from regions further north.
The following are amongst our residents and/or “half-migrants” and are dabblers.
Brahiminy or Ruddy Shelduck: Almost as large as a goose and unmistakable in its rich saffron plumage and pale caramel head, bordered by a faint black collar. Has stunning black, white and bottle-green wings. The lady is dressed like the gentleman and the pairs are known for their fidelity. Again, not entirely NRI — they breed in Ladakh, Nepal and Tibet and spend the winter over the subcontinent.
Spotbilled Duck: Dappled in light and dark brown, heavy kajal-like make-up around the eyes, yellow-tipped black bill with orange at its base, bright green wing bar in flight and day-glo orange legs comprise its major biometrics. Common in water bodies, this dabbler keeps a relatively low profile in winter being outnumbered by the huge wintering flocks of NRIs.
Cotton Teal: A very small duck, greeny-black (head and back) and white, with a goose-like bill and goes by the ridiculous nickname of “Quacky continued…

Modi flags off maiden train service from MeghalayaUpdated: November 30, 2014 12:04 IST
Modi for better utilisation of railway lands
Sushanta Talukdar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flags off the first train from Mendipathar in North Garo Hills of Meghalaya to Guwahati, Assam, at the Maligaon Railway Stadium in Guwahati on Saturday. Photo: Special Arrangement
AP
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks before flaging off the first passenger train between Mendipathar in Meghalaya to Gawahati, in Assam, on Saturday. More than six decades after the country gained Independence, Meghalaya became part of the country's railway map.
Prime Minister Narenda Modi on Saturday said that his government has been giving priority in developing next-gen infrastructure, including setting up an optical fibre network in the North-east which, he said, will create huge job opportunities and prevent large-scale migration of youth from the region to other States in search of greener pastures.
Mr. Modi, who arrived in Guwahati on a three-day visit to Assam, Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura, said this while addressing a public function held at the Railway Stadium, Maligaon, in which he pressed remote buttons to flag off the first passenger train from Mendipathar in Meghalaya’s North Garo Hills district to Guwahati and unveil the plaque of a foundation stone for a Broad Gauge railway line from Bhairibi to Sairang in Mizoram.
The Prime Minister, who drove straight to the venue immediately on his arrival at Lokapriya Gopinath Bardoloi international airport, said India now needs next-gen infrastructure – consisting of both highways and i-ways (information ways). He said there should be no digital divide, and the vision of Digital India should also encompass the North-East and the people living on the hills of THE region should have equal access to information technology as those living in the national capital and other cities. Why should there not be a gas-grid, why should we not get electricity for 24 hours, the Prime Minister asked, expressing confidence that next-gen infrastructure would be the key to building a modern India.
Saying that infrastructure is the first condition for development, the prime minister said that once infrastructure is developed, the people can themselves contribute a lot to development. He cited the example of South Korea to showcase how infrastructure creation could spur growth and development. He said if good connectivity was established across the eight states of the North-East, the entire region would prosper, and the tourists from all over the country would flock to the region.
Reiterating the policy of his government to ‘Act East’ to extend the ‘Look East’ policy, the Prime Minister that if India has to be prosperous, then development of North-East should be a priority. He also said he has heard that according to Vastushastra, if the North-East corner of the house was maintained well, then the entire house could be taken care of. Mr Modi said that he had had discussed connectivity during his recent visit to Myanmar for the ASEAN-India Summit and East Asia Summit.
The Prime Minister said that the first Union Budget of his government has committed Rs. 28,000 crore to the development of railway connectivity in the North-East.
He, however, expressed disappointment that while the railways can be an engine of economic growth such a huge potential had not been properly recognised. Assuring that his government would expand and modernise the India railways he called for both horizontal expansion of railways – expanding the network to connect every nook and corner of the country, and vertical expansion of railways – which means capacity building, technology upgradation and better services.
Mr. Modi said that his government has decided to allow 100 percent Foreign Direct Investment in railways, to spur the process of modernisation of Indian Railways and added that the government was also considering privatisation of railway stations to promote economic activities. The Government would also set up four Universities for the Railways, and graduates from these Universities would be able to contribute to the Indian Railways, also getting employment in the process, he added.
Governor of Assam J.B. Patnaik, the Governor of Meghalaya and Mizoram Dr. Krishna Kant Paul, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla, the Union Minister for Railways Suresh Prabhu, the Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Sports Sarbananda Sonowal and the Union Minister of State, Home Kiren Rijiju were present on the function which was attended by a huge crowed. Large number of people lined up on both sides of the road from the airport to the venue to wave at the Prime Minister, who was accorded a warm welcome by Mr Gogoi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Mr. Sonowal and senior BJP leaders and high officials of the State Government on his arrival.
RELATED NEWS

Centre plans integrated package for Andhra PradeshUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:14 IST
Centre plans integrated package for Andhra Pradesh
M. L. Melly Maitreyi
Union Minister of State for Finance, Jayanth Sinha
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The estimated cost of building the capital was over Rs. 1 lakh crore.
Andhra Pradesh, burdened with a revenue deficit of over Rs. 15,000 crore, got an assurance from the visiting Union Minister of State for Finance, Jayanth Sinha, that the Centre would consider announcing an integrated package to stimulate the industrial and economic growth of the State.
The Centre sent Mr. Sinha to the State as it wanted the Finance Ministry to be the coordinating wing and the focal point to implement the assurances under the Andhra Pradesh State Reorganisation Act, sources said.
Mr. Sinha told presspersons that the Centre would keep its word on extending assistance to the building of the capital.
The estimated cost of building the capital was over Rs. 1 lakh crore.
“We will see that financial support is extended to the State,” he added.

Rakeshji invested in sj in a crooked mentality to bargain when fdi co...0 Follower
Reposted about 13 days 2 hrs 16 min 43 sec ago by ajithkumar1970
I understand you wanted to enter at 9 levels however that level was never possible. M not saying evrythng is perfect here however given the crude price airline stock will rise even if balance sheet is messed up
In reply to : ashmaxim message
2.00 AM Nov 30th

I think its all bullshit.. wait and watch. you will get the stock belo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Even 10 billionaires even cannot save spiceshet ...rakesh jhun and mic...43 Followers
Dearaniketji,
First check the credentials of the boarders,evaluate them by their past recos and then follow them.Have you seen anything worth reading in the posts of some negative boarders,we are wasting our time.
Secondly when they are not invested y are they interested in this board at all??????
Intentions are very clear.Move on.
Im disappointed coz one of our boarders who was a n excellent news reporter is redflagged.At least we used to get some genuine news from him.Poor thing.Anyways the next 30 days will change the lives of many genuine investors(don`t know whether the operators chamchas)in this board will be successful or not????

His profile picture is from hindu news paper www.thehindu.com/multimed...Gold Member
15 Followers
think abt this..if i did not hv any share og a co. or not intetested in buying as its going to bust. why d hell will i waste my time in dis mmb..lol.. next ..u wanted to buy sj at 12 or 9? why even at 12 wn u knw its going to be 0? srry all r argyuments only point out to be a case of sour grapes..lol..i

European Parliament backs break-up of GoogleCourt refuses to let off Hindalco in coal block allocation case
The European Parliament voted overwhelmingly for the break-up of Google today in a largely symbolic vote that nevertheless cast another blow in the four-year standoff between Brussels and the US Internet giant.
In a direct challenge to Google, MEPs assembled in Strasbourg approved a resolution calling on the EU to consider ordering search engines to separate their commercial services from their businesses.
While Google is not directly mentioned in the proposal, the California-based search engine is clearly the target. The resolution passed with 384 in favour and only 174 votes against.
The European Parliament has no power to launch the break-up of Google, but the move, introduced by two senior lawmakers, is further indication that the mood towards the company in Europe has soured.
Google has become an increasing source of worry for European officials on issues ranging from privacy to the protection of national publishers.
Since 2010, Google has been under investigation by the European Commission in response to complaints that its search engine, the world’s biggest, was squeezing out competitors in Europe.
Google and Brussels have also clashed over the so-called “right to be forgotten”, in which the EU’s top court ruled last year that people had a right to ask search engines to delete results involving them after a period of time.
In another attack on Google, on Wednesday EU privacy watchdogs issued guidelines calling on the company to apply the right to be forgotten rule to all search results.
The parliament debate falls as the commission, the EU’s executive arm, begins a new five year term, with former Luxembourg premier Jean-Claude Juncker at its helm.
The new competition commissioner, Denmark’s Margrethe Vestager, has said she would look at the sensitive case carefully, but the resolution will be added pressure for her to move quickly.
Weeks before stepping down, Vestager’s predecessor, Joaquin Almunia, sharply criticised the “irrational” response by European politicians to the Brussels investigation of Google.
Google and Almunia had made three attempts to resolve the dispute, but in each case intense pressure by national governments, Internet rivals and privacy advocates scuppered the effort.
In a statement yesterday ahead of the vote, the US mission to the European Union said it had “noted with concern” the parliament resolution.
TAGS: European Parliament Google
More from companies

SEE: Some of the Most Striking #Ferguson Cartoons so far...Panel from the editorial comic “2014 JUSTICE BLUES, or: When protest voices past and present meet” (by Michael Cavna/The Washington Post/with apologies to Mr. Dylan)
 
FERGUSON, AS a news story, offers an editorial canvas as wide as the Mighty Mo. The nation’s cartoon commentators can steer to symbols of stark racial divisions, or tack toward the legal and logistic specifics of the case, rife as it with big questions and striking irregularities. The nation’s editorial artists are turning to iconic sights like the gateway Arch and the Martin Luther King Memorial, when not invoking Lady Liberty as both lowly scales-adjuster or victim herself laid low.
Here is a roundup of some of the week’s Most Striking Ferguson Cartoons:
 
MIKE LUCKOVICH (Atlanta Journal Constitution)
.
STEVE BENSON (The Republic, Arizona)
.
MATT WUERKER (courtesy of Politico)
.

BSE in top-10 league at Rs 100 lakh cr m-capSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
The OPEC’s decision to maintain its production target of 30 million barrels per day, instead of cutting output to cushion the fall in crude prices, sent the markets to new highs on Friday, reports fe Bureau in Mumbai.
The 50-share Nifty touched the 8,600-mark, while the BSE barometer Sensex rose 0.9% or 255.08 points to end at 28,693.99 points. The records were not limited to benchmark indices with the BSE’s market capitalisation also crossing the R100 lakh crore-mark intra-day on Friday.
Oil-related stocks were in focus during the day. Among oil-marketing companies, HPCL closed at its lifetime high of R596.75, while BPCL hit 52-week high of R784.50. IOCL ended 4.42% higher at R364.7. SpiceJet and Jet Airways posted gains of 18.36% and 20%, respectively.
Shares of paint firms, which use crude-oil derivatives for raw materials, gained 1-5%. Asian Paints closed at record-high of R743.7.
Berger Paints ended 3.65% higher at R392.9, while shares of Kansai Nerolac Paints ended 1.1% higher to R2,011.6. Bank stocks also cheered Opec’s decision as lower crude prices increase the possibility of a rate-cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on December 2 in its monetary policy. The Bank Nifty hit all-time high of 18,615.40 points.
TAGS: BSE India Market Capitalisation
More from indianmarkets

Mumbai Port Trust: Large landowner but poor landlordTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
One could easily be forgiven for assuming that the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT), which owns around 728 hecatres of land in the heart of Mumbai, is the richest landlord in the city. The truth is that the port trust that owns the largest bank of commercially exploitable land — worth thousands of crores — in the country’s financial capital, earns a paltry sum of R150 crore by way of rent annually.
Pockets within the land bank that MbPT owns, like Ballard Estate, are home to the headquarters of several big Indian corporations, including private sector companies such as Larsen and Toubro and the Anil Ambani-led Reliance Group. Ballard Estate has a built-up area of about 2 million sq ft. The average rent that this locality (measuring around 40 hectares) commands is R160-170 per sq ft per month. By this calculation, the MbPT should earn more than double of what it does from its entire land holding, from Ballard Estate alone.
FE couldn’t ascertain the exact value of MbPT’s land holding and the rental opportunity thereof.
The biggest challenge facing MbPT is several of its old tenants are paying rents pegged to old benchmarks and have moved for litigation whenever it has tried to revise the rent to reflect the present day value of its real estate. Among the other challenges that MbPT faces with respect to its tenants are several breaches of the lease agreements, including refusal to vacate the premises upon expiry of the lease durations, illegal encroachments, and sub-letting by the tenants without the port trust’s knowledge.
The most recent high-profile case of a tussle over rent payment between MbPT and one of its tenants is that with the Tata Group’s Indian Hotels, which runs the iconic Taj Mahal Palace and Towers hotel on the Colaba seafront. The matter is pending in the Bombay High Court.
The Taj Mahal hotel stands on a 4057.92 sq metres plot and the hospitality company pays an annual rent of R1 crore for the same. The 99-year lease came to an end in 1999-2001 and has not been renewed since. In 2012, MbPT sent an eviction notice to the hotel, but the latter moved the high court in February 2013 seeking renewal of the lease.
“As the matter is now sub-judice, we are not in a position to comment further,” a Taj spokesperson said in response to an email.
Having learnt from the past, MbPT chairman Ravi Parmar told FE that, in the future, it will not renew lease agreements that do not have a rental renewal clause. “Wherever there is no renewal clause we are not renewing the leases and we are filing cases against them under Public Premises Act,” Parmar said in an interview with FE.
Out of the 728 hecatres that MbPT owns on the coastline between Colaba in the south and Wadala in the east, around 275 hectares have been developed to house commercial, industrial and residential establishments. MbPT  has around 2,500 tenants.
The rent collected by the port trust from its tenants were set initially in 1957-58 and were reviewed in 1981 as per the recommendations of the Kirloskar Committee.
However, the revised rent was never implemented as some of the lessees moved court challenging the revision.
The matter was finally settled by the Supreme Court in 2004, which approved a formula for revised rent payment. However, Parmar says that even that could not been implemented due to non-cooperation by tenants. Raising rents is a challenge because tenants approach the court and the cases go on for several years without a resolution to the matter, he said.
Like with the Tata Group’s Indian Hotels, MbPT is battling similar court cases with its other tenants, including Hindustan Unilever, Western India Oil Company and elite clubs like the Bombay Yatch Club and the Radio Club.
A HUL spokesperson said in an email that the company had petitioned the court in lieu of the “arbitrary increase in lease rental”effected by MbPT, and that the case was pending before the Bombay High Court.
HUL has leased two properties from the port trust – in Haji Bunder and Hay Bunder in Sewri, along Mumbai’s eastern coastline. The properties are used as research and development centres and warehousing units by the company.
The MbPT has also been on a drive to recover rent from defaulting tenants, but the amount it has collected so far is miniscule compared to what is owed to it, according to Parmar. “We have got 70 hectares of land vacated in the last 10 years and recovered R600 crore of the R1,000 crore demand notices sent. But this is based on old rates,” Parmar said. He refused to put a number to the loss of revenue to the port trust on account of tenants defaulting on rent payment, but said that the number would run into thousands of crores.
According to Parmar, while the earlier rent revisions are yet to be implemented, it was already time to revise lease rentals with retrospective effect from October 1, 2012. “We will revise them shortly and if they get implemented, we will earn a good sum through rent, but still way below the market rate,” he said.
Total land owned by MbPT 728 hectares
Total developed land leased out 275 hectares
Number of tenants (residential and commercial) 2,500
Rental income per year: R150 crore
TAGS: Mumbai Port Trust
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

April-Oct fiscal deficit at 90 pct of full-year targetTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
The central government’s fiscal deficit at the end of October touched 4.75 lakh crore, or 89.6% of the budget forecast for 2014-15 as muted tax collections dragged down the overall revenue receipts.
The fiscal deficit was recorded at 84.4% in the April-October period a year ago, according to data released by the Controller General of Accounts
on Friday.
Net tax receipts in the first seven months of the current fiscal stood at over R3.68 lakh crore, or 37.7% of the original estimate.
Total expenditure of the central government during the period was over R9.62 lakh crore or 53.6 % of the estimates for the entire 2014-15.
The government has set a fiscal deficit target of R5.31 lakh crore or 4.1% of GDP, the lowest in seven years for 2014-15.
This gap between government spending and revenue met through borrowing was R5.08 lakh crore or 4.5 % of GDP in 2013-14. The government wants to bring it down to 3% of the GDP by 2016-17.
Revenue deficit of the centre in the April-October period shot up to a worrying R3,72,634 crore or 98.5 % of the full-year target.
The data puts further pressure on the government to balance its books, which has already imposed an austerity drive and called for a 10% cut in non-plan spending, including a ban on five star hotels and first class travel.
However, Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has till now maintained that the fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15 would be achieved.
TAGS: Fiscal Deficit GDP Growth Rate
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Editorial: Breaking up GoogleIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
With both Democrat and Republican politicians in the US writing jointly against the move, it is obvious the European Parliament moving against Google has become the symbol of a long battle between the US and the EU on how to regulate Silicon Valley—on Thursday, the European Parliament voted in favour of unbundling Google’s search engines from its other commercial services. The move was accompanied by France and Germany writing to the European Commission asking it to launch public consultations on whether current competition rules were adequate to deal with the way some companies functioned. On the face of things, the vote means little since the European Parliament does not have the right to dismember Google; the purpose of Thursday’s vote was more to put pressure on the European Commission to act against Google—the Commission has been conducting an anti-trust probe into Google for 5 years now, and there have been several unsuccessful attempts by Google to settle the case. Google accounts for over 90% of web searches in many European countries as compared to around 70% in the US.
Defending, even deciphering, Google’s business practices isn’t easy, and in even the US, Google has had to agree to change its business practices to avoid censure from the Federal Trade Commission last year. One such change was, for instance, giving online advertisers more flexibility to simultaneously manage ad campaigns on Google’s AdWords platform and on rival ad platforms; another was to refrain from “misappropriating online content from so-called ‘vertical’ websites that focus on specific categories such as shopping or travel for use in its own vertical offerings”. The worries about Google’s invasion of privacy are well known.
But before calling for dismembering Google, a few points need to be kept in mind. One, in the internet space, the network effect lends itself to monopolies or quasi-monopolies. Two, while Google has a big advantage in terms of advertising because of the masses of data it collects and analyses each day as more and more people use its services, theoretically there are no costs for users wishing to switch to another search engine. Also, while those looking to break up Google—amongst the largest voices against Google in Europe are two German media giants—are primarily competitors, all Google’s users benefit from its free search. In all online business, unlike the offline one, contestability is the key—as long as it costs little to create competition, market forces will take care of the problem. Despite Google’s popularity, Facebook began eating into its revenue; indeed, Facebook had to fork out $19 billion to buy WhatsApp when it found WhatsApp was eating into its popularity. In the case of Google, as firms develop their own apps, people are spending less time on the internet … the number of such examples can be multiplied manifold. Wherever there is contestability, there is a poor case for anti-trust action, and certainly of the type envisaged by the European Parliament.
TAGS: Google
More from industry

Editorial: Walking the TalkAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
In light of the controversy over Sanskrit, it may be relevant to look at studies on language and its co-relation with career prospects. A British Chambers of Commerce study from 2013 found that more than 60% of companies who want to do business in other countries face major problems due to language barriers. So which languages offer the best prospects for a better salary and job advancement?
Spanish used to be the top choice, since Spanish-speakers account for more of world GDP than any other language. A large proportion of the populations of North, Central and South America use Spanish in communication. It is estimated that the ability to speak Spanish could come with a wage increase of about 1.7%. France is a key player within the eurozone, with many representatives of the country holding key positions within the IMF and a number of other international organisations. It is estimated that the ability to speak French could come with a wage increase of about 2.7%. However, the best prospects are for those who speak German (Is Smriti Irani listening?). Germany is an economic powerhouse and the most strong and stable within the EU. German is the most widely spoken language within Europe. It is estimated that the ability to speak German could come with a wage increase of about 4%. Mandarin is catching on since so few people in China speak English, but it is a long way behind German, Spanish or French. As they say: c’est la vie.
More from miscellaneous

Indian rupee  equity  debt markets have analysts at odds and evens: Anindya BanerjeeIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Indian rupee and Indian equity and debt markets are not moving in sync and we believe that is causing much bewilderment amongst the financial market participants. However, we for that matter, find no disconnect between the two. Over the last six months, we have said a number of times that as the shift happens in the source of the carry trade funding away from the US Dollar towards the Yen and the Euro, so will change the correlation between the Rupee and the domestic financial assets. A stronger US Dollar is no longer a bane for the risky assets, especially from the emerging market space. Infact, it can be argued that a stronger US Dollar, which means a weaker Yen and Euro, could be a chief reason why the global financial markets are continuously defying gravity generated by a weak global economy. Therefore, a broad based strength in the US Dollar is having a spillover effect on the Rupee. However, on a REER and NEER basis, we are still appreciating, as our peers are weathering much rougher times against the Greenback. Over this week, Rupee has weakened against the US Dollar but traded firm against other currencies, like the Euro, Pound and the Yen. Against the US Dollar, Rupee has weakened to a fresh multi month low of 62.24 levels, basis offshore spot reference, New York cut-off.
Importers and state run banks have been on the bid in the Greenback for most of the week. Exporter offers and sale of USD from FIIs did little to dissuade the Dollar buyers. Some large option traders were seen to be covering short Gamma exposure in the market, sensing an expansion in the trading range from currently 61.00-62.00 to 61.50 and 62.50/62.80 levels. Corporate inflows were noted from a couple of utility companies but that did not have much impact on the USD/INR.
Indian economic growth slipped from 5.7% to 5.3% in Q2 FY15 or the previous quarter. In the September quarter, manufacturing sector grew 0.1 percent as against 3.5 percent in June quarter. Agricultural growth, during the quarter fell to 3.2 per cent from 3.8 per cent in the preceding quarter. Capital formation growth — an indicator of investment activity in the country, computed as a ratio of investment to GDP — remained low at 32.3 per cent, falling marginally from the previous quarter’s 32.7 per cent. Growth in government expenditure slipped to 11.7 per cent from 13.4 per cent in the April-June quarter. However, it remained high, contributing to GDP growth. It is to be noted that government expenditure might not be able to contribute in the second half, as GOI is looking to slash expenditure to meet the GFD target of 4.1%. Mining and quarrying growth slowed to 1.9 per cent from 2.1 per cent. Electricity, gas and water supply growth was down to 8.7 per cent from 10.2 per cent. Financial and real estate services growth too fell to 9.5 per cent from 10.4 per cent. All in all, it was not surprise that economic growth has slowed in Q2 from Q1, as weak IIP growth, poor monsoon, slowdown in exports and not so impressive services PMI were an omen that growth would have slowed in the previous quarter. In Q3, base effect will be favourable which can provide a statistical bump. At the same time, the recent increase in project clearances should start having positive impact on growth in the coming months. However, economic acceleration might have to wait for some more time, as economic dividend of lower oil prices and policy urgency slowly percolate down through the economy.
In a surprise move, GOI has scrapped a rule mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country. However, GOI has said that import duty would not be altered any time soon. RBI in a notification, said that it has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold. We welcome the move from GOI as we always believed that matured regulation is about removing distortions in the economy and the financial markets. The erstwhile measures of restricting gold imports were distortionary and was never a solution to alter the pattern of savings in India.
We do not see a trade-off between bullion and financial assets, as the former has always existed as an important form of valuable asset in the portfolio of Indian citizens. Gold is a superior form of alternative currency which has universal appeal and value. Like a true global currency, it competes with the modern day fiat currencies, like the US Dollar. Gold is both a store of value, a medium of exchange and also a unit of account. Gold forms a counter balance against the inflationary forces unleashed by the global monetary system and also serves as a rainy day asset for the unbanked population of the country. Over the last so many decades, allocation towards and gold and financial assets have happened simultaneously and there is no significant exploitable trade-off between these two assets in India. Gold can only become a significant trade-off to financial assets, if there is a crippling crises of confidence in the domestic financial system or in the fiat currency, the Indian Rupee. Therefore, as long as the policymakers continue to pursue quality economic growth, through enhancement of productivity and low monetary inflation, we see little merit in worrying about the diversion of investible surplus into gold. Gold is money and hence having it in private as well as in the official reserves improves the financial stability of India.
The near collapse in the global petroleum prices are providing India with an economic dividend. With the country consuming over 1 billion barrels of crude oil very year, if oil prices average 30/40 dollars/barrel lower than previous year, then it amounts to nearly 2% or slightly more of economic stimulus to the nation. The benefit flows both to the government and the private sector, as amount of subsidy and the cost of producing goods and services decline. Consumers benefit from lower prices of petroleum products and the lower prices goods and services. It can be seen as a transfer of wealth from the producers of crude oil to the consuming nations, like India.
In the economic data released over this week from the major global economies had more misses than hits. German business confidence measured by IFO improved in November, for the first time since April of this year. Generally ZEW leads the IFO and hence a sharp upswing in ZEW readings for November had indicated that a stronger than IFO was in store. US economy grew at 3.9% in Q3 2014 from 3.5%. Personal consumption rose 2.2% and GDP price index rose 1.4%. Private investment and consumption expenditure of private sector and public sector enabled US economy to grow faster in Q3. US durable goods orders were weaker than expected as the core number contracted in October. US personal spending for October, regional economic survey for November, home sales over the last month and consumer sentiment statistics all failed to beat the consensus print. In Euro zone, consumer inflation statistics from Euro zone nations were subdued and the credit growth and money supply measures were weaker than median estimates. In Japan, household spending contracted in October and consumer inflation declined from 2.5% in October to 2.4% in November. Japanese retail sales were weaker than expected for October.
Over the next week or so, apart from the oil market, traders will pay close attention to the heavy docket of economic releases from major economies around the globe. The final cut of the business surveys done by Markit (PMI) for the month of November will be released for major economies. At the same time, US ISM economic surveys, November jobs data and then factory orders will be scrutinised closely. We expect a strong jobs growth in US, between 230,000-270,000 jobs additions for the month of November, with the unemployment number likely t have fallen to 5.7%. In India, all eyes will glued to RBI HQ, where interest rate decision will announced on Tuesday. There is a strong clamour for the reduction in the repo rates. We see the possibility of cut in the HTM and/or the SLR rates as well. We expect a dovish stance from the RBI. The interplay of deflation in hard assets and inflation in financial assets is keeping Indian macro story well placed. Therefore, over the course of medium to long-term, we see a strong possibility that monetary policy in India can remain accommodative. Therefore, we can continue to see money flow into the long term bonds, which can keep the yields lower.
Indian Rupee can continue to show slow depreciation, with 61.60/80 as the lower range against USD and 62.40/50 as the upper bound of the range. Lower oil prices is providing RBI with the elbow room to allow Rupee to devalue, without worrying about inflation. Therefore, we would not be surprised if RBI allows the range in USD/INR to expand on the way up, to provide benefit to the exporters. However, like in the past, we would continue to favour Rupee against the Euro, Pound and the Yen. Wish you all a successful trading week.
By Anindya Banerjee, analyst, Kotak Securities
TAGS: Indian Rupee
More from bankingampfinance

Rajnath rails against state actors in PakistanAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Blaming “state actors” in Pakistan for making attempts to destabilise India, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the neighbouring country has not abandoned its efforts to harm the country through “various tactics”.
The Home Minister, while addressing the country’s top police brass, spoke on various issues including threats from terror groups like Al-Qaeda and said the country was geared up to face such challenges.
Inaugurating the annual conference of police chiefs, the Home Minister said Pakistan continues to take the alibi of “non-state actors” being involved in subversive activities in India.
“If non-state actors are involved in terrorist acts in India, then is ISI a non-state actor? It is the state actors who have a role in trying to destabilising our country. Pakistan has not abandoned its efforts to harm India through various tactics,” he said.
During the conference, being held outside Delhi for the first time, Singh talked about the vanishing support to terror groups in Jammu and Kashmir and said Pakistan was still supporting such networks.
The recent heavy turnout during the first phase of polls in the state and attendance of people in political rallies was enough an indication for terror groups about the ground realities in the state, he said at the conference which has been organised by the Intelligence Bureau.
The meeting attended by DGPs and IGPs of all states, union territories and chief of paramilitary forces would be addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow.
Describing as a threat to the nation Al Qaida’s declaration to form a wing — Qaeda-ul-Jeh — for the Indian sub-continent, Singh said the global terror group’s intention was to bring Bangladesh, Assam, Gujarat, Jammu and Kashmir and some other parts of the country under its grip which the country would not allow to happen.
“Although this terror group was born out of Syria and Iraq, the Indian sub-continent cannot remain untouched by this menace and we need to understand this. It is also a matter of concern that some Indian youths have been attracted to ISIS. We cannot take it lightly. We take it as a challenge” he said.
Referring to the October 2 blast in Burdwan in West Bengal where Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) was allegedly involved, the Home Minister said the incident had reflected that many foreign forces were misusing India’s soil for their nefarious design.
“We have to check all these forces with our might,” he said.
The Home Minister talked about the failed attempt by the South Asia wing of the Al Qaeda to hijack a frigate of the Pakistan Navy and said the terror group was planning to target American and Indian Naval ships through the Pakistan Naval vessel if they could hijack it.
“What is of more concern for us is that some of the Pakistan Navy personnel were also involved in it. We should prepare ourselves to meet this challenge and I am sure victory will be ours,” he said.
Singh said many foreign terrorist groups think that since a large number of Muslims live in India, they can recruit many of them in their fold and fight for creation of an Islamic country.
“But Indian Muslims are patriotic and they have been fighting for the protection of their mother land since Independence. Indian Muslims are always ready to fight for the security and sovereignty of the country. And that is why such terrorist groups will not succeed,” he said.
The Home Minister said though terror groups were carrying out attacks in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Syria or Libya, there evil designs will never get fulfilled in India.
Talking about the September floods in Jammu and Kashmir, Singh said relief and rehabilitation work has to be completed quickly as otherwise “some terror groups may be able to lure some youths into their fold”.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rajnath Singh
More from miscellaneous

Watch: Worlds longest railway connects China and SpainWorld’s longest railway connects China and Spain
Recommend
20 days ago, Reuters Videos
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 7 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Expos: Robert Vadra  family guilty  says AAP s Prashant Bhushan  slams Jet AirwaysCourt refuses to let off Hindalco in coal block allocation case
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Prashant Bhushan today accused Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress President Sonia Gandhi, of being guilty of misuse of power as he got upgrades on international sectors for himself and his family on Jet Airways flights.
“He (Robert Vadra) is clearly guilty of using his position and proximity to a powerful family in getting these free upgrades to his family,” he told reporters here.
Tehelka Magazine claimed yesterday that some officials, bureaucrats and other VIPs had “abused” their status to get free tickets and other facilities from a private airline in gross violation of service rules and propriety.
Bhushan also rapped the airline for giving these kind of upgrades to Vadra and other influential persons. “It is also the fault of the airlines which has been doing this. They should not be allowing such sort of misuse of power and proximity to a powerful family,” he said.
“This only shows the kind of low moral standards of Vadra and the officials of the airline for upgrading him and his family without any charges,” he said.
The magazine had alleged that Vadra had got several upgrades on international sectors for himself, one of his associates and his children and his mother.
TAGS: Jet Airways Prashant Bhushan Robert Vadra Sonia Gandhi
More from companies

Cobrapost sting: Real estate firms under scanner over black money allegationsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
CBDT has ordered an Income Tax department investigation against a number of real estate developers who were recently shown by an investigative portal to be willing to accept alleged black money in property transactions.
The apex authority of the I-T department has asked its investigation units across the country to furnish to it reports of any action or probe conducted against the groups named by the portal in the past and in case such an action has not been done, the Central Board of Direct Taxes has ordered the same to be initiated.
“The CBDT has asked the investigation units of the I-T department that all these reports should reach it by the first fortnight of December,” a senior official said.
The investigation done by portal Cobrapost.com included many developers from the national capital region and those from other parts of the country including Mumbai.
While releasing the transcripts and video recordings of its investigation at a press conference here, the portal said that executives from these companies, including some CEOs and CMDs, were ready to accept anywhere between 10-80 per cent of the property value in black money.
These 35 real estate companies under scanner are spread across the national capital, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
While some companies had outrightly rejected the allegations that they accept black money in their property transactions, a few others had said that they have already taken action against the concerned executives.
The portal said that most of these executives expressed willingness to accept money abroad through hawala channels, including in Dubai, Bangkok, Singapore and the US.
The findings of this investigation, named ‘Operation Black Ninja’, have come at a time when the government is making all efforts to bring back unaccounted money stashed by Indian citizens abroad.
TAGS: Black Money Cobrapost Income Tax Real Estate
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Nigeria mosque attack: at least 120 dead  270 woundedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India wary of assertive China  intrusive Pakistan: IAF chiefComments
IAF chief, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, said on Saturday that the strategic gravity is shifting from west to east, especially to Asia and Asia Pacific, and "India faces security challenges in the region due to an assertive China and an intrusive Pakistan".
"The situation is not good for the environment, as peaceful rise of China remains a distant dream. An assertive China is investing heavily in developing military power, especially aerospace power, laying claims on international waters, island territories and air space over South China Sea and East China Sea," Raha said during the eighth annual Air Chief Marshal LM Katre memorial lecture.
Noting that the situation in South Asia spawning Afghanistan and Pakistan was going to be delicate, especially after the withdrawal of the US-led allied forces, the chief of air staff said Pakistan was the fountainhead of terrorism, encouraging terrorist activities despite being a part of the global war on terror.
"Withdrawal of American and western forces from Afghanistan will create a very delicate situation for India in terms of some conventional threats to us. Similarly, the IS (Islamic State) gaining strength in West Asia poses another challenge for us to deal with proper planning and induction of forces, especially aerospace power," he said.
Raha said China was developing capabilities to fight major conflicts over the next 35 years, as mentioned by a security analyst in Hong Kong in an article recently.
"By 2050, China wants to annex Taiwan, occupy the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea, annex South Tibet and Arunachal from India, get hold of Senkaku Islands of Japan and recover lost territories in Russia and Mangolia," Raha said.
Claiming that India had no territorial ambition except to recover the land lost due to historical reasons, the Indian Air Force chief said with a hostile border left behind as a legacy of the British rule, the situation in the neighbourhood, specially on the western border, was vulnerable.
"Our aim is not to occupy but deter our enemy from waging war against us with striking capability to penetrate into the enemy's territory with air power and expose the vulnerability of the adversary," he said.
Khatre was the chief of air staff in 1984-85 and chairman of the state-run Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd., which makes military aircraft for the IAF.
The day-long event was organised by the Air Force Association of Karnataka branch in association with the Aeronautical Society of India and HAL.
HAL chairman RK Tyagi also spoke to the gathering of about 500 serving and retired officers, air warriors and other stakeholders.

Blast from past: Srikrishna slams RBU Guv Raghuram Rajan over FSLRC U-turnTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
“In his 2009 report ‘A 100 Steps’, Dr Rajan wrote ‘regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals’,” Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The FSLRC had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as “somewhat schizophrenic”.
“On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies,” Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said “reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done”.
Pitching for a change, he said: “Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms,” he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on “jugaad”, Srikrishna said, “we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones.”
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.
TAGS: B N Srikrishna Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India Sebi
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Bangalore:  Kiss of Love  deferred after police refuse permissionComments
After Bengaluru police rejected permission for the 'Kiss of Love' campaign that was proposed for Sunday, the organisers on Saturday decided to postpone the controversial event for a future date.
Two women lock lips near the RSS office in Jhandewalan as part of the ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign in Delhi on Saturday. Nearly 300 people gathered at the venue to protest moral policing. (Mohd Zakir/HT Photo)
"In order to allay their fears, we have now issued a detailed reply to the police which clearly outlines our intention behind organising the event. Therefore, we are postponing the event (Kiss Of Love) to a future date based on their reply," the organisers said in a statement posted on Facebook.
The organisers had earlier announced that they would go ahead with the event on Sunday, defying police order which had refused to give a nod to it, contending it would be an act of obscenity.
The planned event had earned opprobrium from all political parties in the state who found it unacceptable, besides raising the hackles of right-wing organisations which have threatened to counter it.
The organisers contended that the "Kiss of Love" is protected under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution which guarantees freedom of speech and expression.
It is also legally wrong to presume that an act is obscene without seeing it in the larger context of the meaning behind the act, the organisers added.
The organisers also said they have alerted the police to a number of judicial precedents on the point and hope they would reconsider their decision so that they can hold the event on another day without any disruptions.
The organisers said they approached the police after they received number of threatening calls and messages.
"There has been a fair amount of uncertainty in the build up to the event, and we received a number of threatening calls and messages. Consequently, we approached the police to seek their assistance and protection in conducting the event," they said.
The organisers said on November 27, the police informed that the event could not be held as it amounted to an obscene act and sought more details about the number of participants, among others.
In order to allay their fears, the organisers said they have issued a detailed reply to police, clearly outlining their intention behind organising the event.
"We have stated that the intention is not to create a spectacle, nor to engage in any obscene acts and certainly not to create any public nuisance," they said.
"We have asserted our right to engage in a peaceful protest and to use the 'Kiss of love' event to bring to attention the dangers of rising moral policing in India and in Karnataka," they added.
The first "Kiss of Love" event was held in Kochi on November 2 after an attack on a coffee shop by pro-Hindutva activists in Kozhikode in October who alleged that it was harbouring canoodling couples. Similar events had been organised at Kolkata, Hyderabad, Delhi and Mumbai.

Jaitley keen to overhaul financial sector normsHi Guest
Jaitley keen to overhaul financial sector norms
Reforms Commission, chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations. "As the change in process of reform continues ... I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations ...

Germany signs no-spy deal with BlackBerryGermany has approved BlackBerry’s purchase of encryption firm Secusmart after signing a ”no-spy” agreement with the Canadian smartphone maker.
Duesseldorf-based Secusmart provides special smartphones to German government officials that are meant to be safe from eavesdropping.
German media report that BlackBerry has agreed to provide Germany with access to software source codes.
Public broadcasters NDR and WDR, and daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung, also report that BlackBerry has provided Germany with assurances that it isn’t required to pass any confidential data to other governments.
Interior Ministry spokesman Johannes Dimroth declined to publicly comment on a confidential agreement but said ”we have succeeded in protecting our security interests.”
Germany reacted with anger last year to reports, based on documents leaked by Edward Snowden, that the NSA had targeted Chancellor Angela Merkel’s cell phone.
TAGS: BlackBerry Germany
More from industry

Slavery in UK higher than previous figures: GovtTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
The number of victims of slavery in the UK is much higher than previous figures, the British government has said.
According to the latest Home Office analysis, there could be between 10,000 and 13,000 victims of slavery in the UK, as against the official figure of 2,744 for 2013.
Modern slavery victims are said to include women forced into prostitution, “imprisoned” domestic staff and workers in fields, factories and fishing boats.
The figure for 2013 is the first time the government has made an official estimate of the scale of the problem.
The Home Office has launched a strategy to help tackle slavery. It said the victims included people trafficked from more than 100 countries – the most prevalent being Albania, Nigeria, Vietnam and Romania – as well as British-born adults and children.
Data from the National Crime Agency’s Human Trafficking Centre last year put the number of slavery victims in the UK at 2,744.
The assessment was collated from sources including police, the UK Border Force, charities and the Gangmasters Licensing Authority.
The Home Office said it used established statistical methodology and models from other public policy contexts to estimate a “dark figure” that may not have come to the NCA’s attention.
It said the “tentative conclusions” of its analysis are that the number of victims is higher than thought.
Outlining the strategy for government departments, its agencies and partners, Home Secretary Theresa May said legislation was “only part of the answer” adding that the scale of abuse was “shocking”.
The “grim reality” is that slavery still exists in towns, cities and countrysides across the world, including the UK, she said.
“The time has come for concerted, coordinated action. Working with a wide-range of partners, we must step up the fight against modern slavery in this country, and internationally, to put an end to the misery suffered by innocent people around the world,” May said.
Launching the government’s modern slavery strategy, she said, “The first step to eradicating the scourge of modern slavery is acknowledging and confronting its existence. The estimated scale of the problem in modern Britain is shocking and these new figures starkly reinforce the case for urgent action”.
The Modern Slavery Bill going through Parliament aims to provide courts in England and Wales with new powers to protect people who are trafficked into the countries and held against their will. Scotland and Northern Ireland are also planning similar measures.
TAGS: Slavery
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Nip  tuck  click: Demand for US plastic surgery rises in selfie eraIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
Dental hygienist Jennifer Reynolds was always self-conscious about her looks, never took selfies and felt uncomfortable being tagged in photographs posted on social media.
The 34-year-old from Costa Rica who lives in New York opted for plastic surgery on her nose and now feels ready for prime time on social media.
“I definitely feel more comfortable right now with my looks,” Reynolds explained. “If I need to take a selfie, without a doubt, I would have no problem.”
Reynolds is one of a growing number of people who have turned to plastic surgeons to enhance their image. Others are  hiring specialized make-up artists in what may be an emerging selfie economy.
Selfies, or self portraits, rose in popularity along with smartphones and social media sites such as Facebook, MySpace and Instagram as a mostly young adult crowd posted images of themselves. Now everyone from Hollywood stars to prime ministers takes selfies.
Comedian Ellen DeGeneres posted a selfie with Hollywood A-listers at the Academy Awards on Twitter that became the most retweeted of all time. When Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt’s snapped a selfie with President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron at Nelson Mandela’s memorial service it caused a media sensation.
For mere mortals, going under the scalpel to create a better selfie may not seem so extreme.
Plastic surgeons in United States have seen a surge in demand for procedures ranging from eye-lid lifts to rhinoplasty, popularly known as a nose job, from patients seeking to improve their image in selfies and on social media.
A poll by the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (AAFPRS) of 2,700 of its members showed that one in three had seen an increase in requests for procedures due to patients being more aware of their image in social media. They noted a 10 percent rise in rhinoplasty in 2013 over 2012, a 7 percent jump in hair transplants and 6 percent increase in eyelid surgery.
“There has been a 25 percent increase over the past year and a half to two years. That is very significant,” Dr. Sam Rizk,  a plastic surgeon, said about his Manhattan practice.
“They come in with their iPhones and show me pictures,” Rizk, 47, added. “Selfies are just getting to be so crazy.
BOOMING BUSINESS IN SELFIE ECONOMY
Rizk, who specializes in rhinoplasty, said not everyone who requests surgery needs it because a selfie produces a distorted image that does not represent how a person really looks.
“We all will have something wrong with us on a selfie image,” he explained. “I refuse a significant proportion of patients with selfies because I believe it is not a real image of what they actually look like in person.”
Some patients get upset when Rizk tells them surgery is not necessary, and he knows they will simply go to another surgeon.
“Too many selfies indicate a self obsession and a certain level of insecurity that most teenagers have. It just makes it worse,” he said. “Now they can see themselves in 100 images a day on Facebook and Instagram.”
New York make-up artist Ramy Gafni, who has worked with clients on selfies and online dating profile photos, suggests using clean makeup, well-defined eyebrows and a bit color on the lips to produce the best selfies.
“You want to enhance your features, perfect your features but not necessarily change your features into something they are not,” he said.
Dan Ackerman, senior editor with CNET which tests and reviews products, said the Internet is full of tips and advice on selfies.
“There are apps that apply filters to your face that smooth out wrinkles … or put artificial makeup…. There is a sub economy of tools and advice that have built up around this,” he added.
TAGS: Plastic Surgery
More from industry

The Real Reason Girls Don t Like to Codereddit
I recently sat down for a visit with friend who is running a program focused on STEM, and his insights into the boy/girl ratio were discouraging. "We offer coding camps and courses and work hard to get the word out to everyone. We send invitations to all of the girl-focused organizations. But last time, we only had one girl show up.  This time? None."
A study released by Google indicated that when girls aren't familiar with technology, they view STEM as hard, difficult and boring . But here's the thing: I honestly don't believe that girls are turned off by STEM because it's hard or simply because girls think they're bad at math. Girls aren't wimps or wilting flowers; they don't shrink from challenges just because something isn't a strength. When girls are inspired, when they believe the payoff is worth the risk, discomfort, fear or effort, they can be unrelenting in the pursuit of a goal. Self-doubt doesn't stop a girl when she wants something bad enough.
The problem isn't that girls don't think they can code; the problem is that they don't want to code badly enough to get past any of their doubts or weaknesses. If you think about it, why shouldn't girls be turned off? Think of what we see in movies, television -- or in the news. The entertainment industry rarely portrays "tech" characters with anyone young girls easily identity with; far too often those characters are either bad boy bro-culture or awkward misfits -- neither of which are stereotypes that inspire girls to imagine themselves enjoying a career spent coding. And if you read tech news at all, you know how often it is filled with stories of badly behaving executives, unequal pay for women, and limited opportunities for funding for women in tech. We, as a culture, really aren't doing a very good job of selling tech to girls.
If we are going to get more girls into STEM and have them like it, I firmly believe we need to change the "why" of these programs and events. Consider that have girls have flocked to Girl Scouts for over a century, in large part, because Girl Scouts play to girls' natural strengths of leadership and social problem-solving.
We need to stop telling an entire gender they need to embrace STEM because it's good for their brain or if they don't, boys will get all the good, high-paying jobs. It's not working, and I'm kind of glad, because it means girls aren't buying the logic that they need to do something just because boys do. We need to play to girls' strengths and invite them to participate in projects that create solutions for social issues or problems that they care about -- and then offer accessible tech which empowers girls to stop thinking about doing STEM and just use the technology, developing skills along the way as a means to an end. When STEM is simply a set of skills and tools to help solve problems we care about, it takes the scary out of tech.
Besides, girls most definitely embrace tech -- think of the evolution of selfies since the introduction of camera phones, of Instagram videos and photos with powerful storytelling in the unique framing and juxtaposition of images, and even the storyboarding on Pinterest -- all predominantly female audiences using tech as the background for their creative expression.
Our team at APPCityLife recently flew out to California as a technical sponsor for a local weekend challenge focused on solving congestion problems. When I asked one of the attendees, what motivated her and her companion to come to the event, she said, "We don't either one of us know how to develop apps, so we just showed up hoping someone else here would like our idea enough to take it for their own project and run with it."
I should add that she told me this as she stood next to me moments after she and her team were named the winners. She stood there smiling at her other two team members, shaking her head in dismay. "We won. We won," she said. She paused and then said again, "We won!"
Imagine that.
Imagine waking up early on a rainy Saturday morning to attend a local hackathon -- and being willing to do that without any hope of participating in any meaningful way beyond attempting to convince someone else with the right skills to take your idea and run with it. But when she and her companion heard the announcement that our platform was available to attendees, they wanted to learn more. We initially developed our platform for our own needs of robust app development and management, but its user-friendly interface makes it more easily accessible for those without prior coding experience. The need for such a gateway platform in the civic space inspired us to begin opening it up to the public through events like that weekend's hackathon.
The couple attended our brief bootcamp and eventually teamed up with another attendee. For the rest of the weekend, the three worked under the mentoring of our team to build out their prototype mobile application and test the viability of the original ideas of a woman who believed her solution could improve the experience of riders while helping stimulate the local economy. She showed up with an idea and left with the understanding that she didn't have to give her idea away to someone else with the right skills; she and her team could own it themselves and create their own solution.
It has been one of my proudest moments in my company when we were able to celebrate the success of her team. It was something to realize we were able to offer a portal into this incredibly rich world of tech, and our team of mentors made that experience a positive, rewarding one.
The response since the hackathon has been more than I expected. I was happy with an early win and validation, but I wasn't expecting what followed. Invitations are starting to roll in for our team to bring our platform to civic and tech events across the U.S as well as Mexico City. We've entered very early conversations with a few educational institutions about launching gateway STEM programs. And we have already forged exciting new partnerships with inspiring groups like the  Geek Girls Club of the YWCA of the City of New York , which, by the way, is also the oldest women's organization in the U.S.. In fact, our team will host our first bootcamp of the year this coming January in the heart of New York City for high school girls who are actively exploring this rich, exciting world of STEM, whether by traditional means or something else in-between.
The demand is high and growing rapidly. We're a small startup, but we've already imagined great things that we simply got busy and made happen. I am committed to push forward with one of our more lofty goals -- to empower those who have had little or no access or enough valid reasons to enter the world of STEM. I am hoping others will be inspired by our early wins -- like when our civic bootcamp ended up with over 50 percent women in attendance -- and that others will be inspired to support and join our efforts so we can begin to change the "why" for more girls and help shift the metrics just a bit more every time in the right direction. Together, I firmly believe that we erase the real and imagined barriers into tech by creating easier access to gateway platforms which lower the barrier of entry for so many groups who have believed themselves a poor fit for whatever reason within this world of STEM.
That's a pretty powerful "why", don't you think?
Follow Lisa Abeyta on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LisaAbeyta
More:

Government to go ahead with reforms to achieve 8% growth: Arun JaitleyTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Accusing Congress of following an obstructionist approach, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was committed to going ahead with reforms measures to take India back to original potential of 8 per cent economic growth.
Outlining the government’s priorities like introduction of GST (Goods and Services Tax) in the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament, changes in the land acquisition law, auction of non-coal minerals and elimination of non-deserving sections from subsidy net, he said the key economic portfolios were being handled by people who have no baggage of the past.
“Now all these changes have certainly changed the environment, changed the mood. India is back on the radar. I am quite conscious of the fact some people will try and obstruct though the national mood is to the contrary. The obstructions won’t be able to sustain for too long”, he said addressing the ET Awards function here.
“And once we are able to pursue that agenda, and I think with changing systems and all other institutions also realising that the sectors in which India needs to be helped can be helped by these measures. I am sure the effect on the ground and the change in figures will also be evident”, he said.
Seeking a shared vision among all stake holders like government, opposition, judiciary and legislature, Jaitley criticised the Congress approach saying “it seems to be that the party is saying now that I am out, let me obstruct. Since I am not in government, it is not my responsibility. So I will obstruct.”
He also charged the Congress party with having an obsolete mindset that led to enactment of a measure like the ‘draconian’ land acquisition law under which it was not possible to build a private school, hospital or hotel.
The Finance Minister said Modi has put young people in charge of key economic ministries because they do not carry the baggage of the past and will have a fresh thinking and the ability to learn fast.
He said the government is working on the e-auction route for allocation of non-coal minerals like iron ore to remove discretionary allotments.
“Nobody today claims that I went to a minister and had to make non-commercial commitments for approvals. Gone are the days of a person being sent to party office with a slip,” he said apparently referring to approvals being given after donations to parties.
Reiterating his opposition to subsidising affluent classes, he said people pay taxes not for subsidising the rich. “We have to look at how to eliminate (undeserving) people from the subsidy net. An unquantified amount cannot be given to a unquantifiable sections.”
Referring to the government’s decision not to levy taxes retrospectively, Jaitley said, taxes which must be paid must be realised but what cannot be realised cannot be taken forcefully.
Such an approach, he said, did not bring even one rupee more to the kitty but got a bad name for the country.
Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations: Arun Jaitley
The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues … I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given a draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Jaitley said, “Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay.”
The country, Jaitley said, has moved away from state- regulated mechanism to a mechanism where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in sectors concerned .
“We need to learn, not only from the best practices in India, but from the best global practices. And the Commission’s report is an extremely important step in that direction. Under the present circumstances, there are lots of changes which are required,” he said.
The recommendations of the FSLRC are divided into legislative and non-legislative aspects.
It has recommended a seven-agency structure for the financial sector — the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Unified Financial Agency (UFA),
Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Resolution Corporation (RC), Financial Redressal Agency (FRA), Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) and Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA).
TAGS: Arun Jaitley B N Srikrishna Goods And Services Tax Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

New Zealand rolls out easy visa route to encourage Indian touristsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Taliban attacks another foreign compound in Kabul: officialsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BMB eyes Rs 1 000-cr deposit  Rs 800-cr loan book by March-endThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Arun Jaitley accuses Congress of obstructionist approach  says government to go ahead with reforms to achieve 8% growthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

3 NBFC-MFIs keen on small finance bankThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rs 1.50 crore looted from cash van  security guard shot deadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I think News Corp was attracted to our mgmt teamThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Family hacks down couple on busy street near GhaziabadComments
Two months after a young couple got married secretly, the boy was chased down a street and his throat slit by the girl’s brother on Saturday in a UP village barely 75km from Delhi. His bride met the same fate when she rushed to his rescue.
 
Neighbours Sonu Kumar and Danista, both around 20, eloped Friday night after a panchayat in Fatehpur village, close to Ghaziabad, ordered them to separate. The girl’s family was against the union on grounds of religion. Sonu claimed the two had had a court marriage two months ago.
Advertisement
“After the panchayat, the couple eloped but came back Saturday morning. The girl’s infuriated family members, however, murdered them both,” Hapur district SP RP Pandey said.
Danista’s brother, Talib, chased Sonu down the street and attacked him with a knife, Sonu’s brother Sanjeev Kumar told HT. Hearing his screams, Danista also ran out. “But her brother pulled her hair and slashed her throat. Her mother arrived on the scene and instigated Talib to finish off the injured Sonu. Talib then slit his throat as villagers and children looked on,” said Manju, an eyewitness.
The police have arrested both Talib and his mother and lodged an FIR against six persons — including two more brothers of the girl and two of their friends — for rioting, murder and under provisions of the SC/ST Act. The remaining accused are on the run.
The alleged ‘honour killing’ comes just a fortnight after a DU student was strangled to death by her family in southwest Delhi’s Dwarka for marrying a man they didn’t approve of.

What the world is reading: SexualpredatorWritten by Aleesha Matharu |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:35 am
Controversial American “pick up artist” Julien Blanc has become possibly the first man ever denied a visa by Britain on grounds of sexism. The decision by the British Home Office came after Australia hastily withdrew Blanc’s visa and forced him to leave the country after a widespread protest over his “methods of attracting women”, which some say advocate violence and racism.
A petition to stop him from entering the UK says “Blanc’s misogynistic ‘pick up techniques’ directly exploit vulnerable men who buy into rape culture and end up believing that this is an appropriate way to behave”.
A 25-year-old Californian, Blanc holds expensive dating boot camps where he shares tips about grabbing women, including casually pulling their heads toward the crotch. He has also shared photos showing him pretending to choke a series of women.
“Pick up artist’s technique ranges from corny to cruel,” wrote Emma Teitel for Yahoo.
“As executive coach for Real Social Dynamics, a dating seminar company, Blanc promises to teach men how to ‘make girls beg to sleep with you after short-circuiting their emotional and logical mind’ and develop ‘panty-dropping masculinity’ to generate ‘the powerful emotions girls crave’. Offers range from $197 for 23 instructional videos to a $2,000 dating boot camp,” reported The New York Times.
However, Johnyy Caseel for Metro.co.uk had another argument. “Yes, the pick up community uses methods that could be described as manipulation, but this doesn’t have to be a bad thing,” he wrote. “We are all manipulated every day by our surroundings, but of course with an understanding of how with manipulation comes great responsibility.”
“Blanc is a sexual predator teaching sexual predation classes,” stated Lindy West for the Guardian, “But if what you really want is a date, then what are you so afraid of? Men’s fun and women’s safety aren’t mutually exclusive.”
Meanwhile, the young woman who started this campaign, Jennifer Li, has mostly remained behind the scenes. She was disgusted and angry after watching one of Blanc’s instructional videos and tweeted, “Imma #TakeDownJulienBlanc if I have to do this sh*t myself. THIS ASIAN GIRL AINT HAVING NONE OF YOUR WHITE BOY SH*T.” Three days after Li created the first #TakeDownJulienBlanc hashtag, it was used more than 15,000 times.

Childhood disorders being treated at much laterstageBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:28 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 6:08 am
Health intervention for various childhood disorders like learning disabilities is being sought “at a much later stage”, the mean age being six years, reveals a study on Child Development and Psychological Disorders, which was conducted at New Horizon Child Development Centre (NHCDC) by the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS).
“Parents of children suffering from various childhood disorders have been found to not take the child’s problems seriously until they get into structured learning centre that is around six years of age,” said Chetna Duggal, assistant professor, Centre for Human Ecology, TISS.
A sample of 1,301 children, who visited the centre between 2009 and 2012, were studied, of which 937 were boys and 364 girls.
Member of Parliament Supriya Sule, who released the report, said, “I think women’s health needs to be prioritised in our country. Getting married and having children at the right age should be followed by women for good health.”

Pope prays in Istanbuls famous BlueMosqueBy: Reuters | Istanbul |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:25 am
Pope Francis prayed silently alongside a senior Islamic cleric in Istanbul’s Blue Mosque on Saturday, in a gesture of inter-religious harmony in a country bordering the conflicts in Syria and Iraq.
Francis took off his shoes as he entered the huge mosque, before bowing his head in prayer for several minutes, facing Mecca and standing next to Istanbul’s Grand Mufti Rahmi Yaran, in what a Vatican spokesman described as a joint “moment of silent adoration” of God.
A similar act by his predecessor Pope Benedict in 2006 drew criticism from conservative Catholics and some Muslims.
Several hundred people, many of them tourists, watched from behind police barriers as the pope then walked to the nearby Aya Sofya museum, once the Christian church Hagia Sophia.
A group of school children waving Turkish and Vatican flags chanted “Long live Pope Francis” in Italian as the Muslim call to prayer rang out across the Sultanahmet square, the heart of Istanbul’s historic quarter.
“We must show respect for each others beliefs. God willing the pope’s visit will help in this respect,” said Halil Ibrahim Cil, 24, a hospital worker from Istanbul.
“We want to practice our religion in peace. We want people to understand Islam. We don’t want war.”
Islamic State insurgents have captured swathes of neighbouring Syria and Iraq, persecuting and killing Shia Muslims, Christians and others who do not share their ultra-radical brand of Sunni Islam.
Francis said on Friday that fighting hunger and poverty, rather than military intervention alone, was key to stopping the Islamist militants.
The Blue Mosque, known officially as the Sultanahmet mosque, opened in 1616 and is the most famous in Turkey. Its popular name is a reference to the fine blue Iznik tiles in its main prayer room.

Improved ticket dispensers to be installed nextyearWritten by Priyal Dave | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:24 am
Despite the poor results of the coin operated Automatic Ticket Vending Machines (Co-ATVMs), more ticket dispensers will be introduced on the suburban railway system. Railway Board Member (Traffic) Devi Pande said “improved” version of the Co-ATVMs would arrive from March 2015.
“We want to make ticket dispensing easier and so coin operated ATVMs will be provided latest by March,” said Pande. He added that following feedbacks, several improvements had been suggested and would be undertaken before the machines were introduced. “There were issues with the maps displayed on the machines as well as transaction time. Work is under way to make the machines more user-friendly,” said the Railway Board officer. The Centre for Railway Information Systems (CRIS) was working on making the ticket dispensers more accessible, added Pande. The Railway Board has sanctioned 500 machines, of which 270 are for the Western Railway and 230 for the Central Railway. “We have got a favourable response from other zones and the machines are doing great,” said Pande.
A total of 3,000 coin/cash operated ATVMs are planned to be introduced on the Indian Railway. The machines are aimed at commuters who travel less often and do not have a season pass. During the pilot, Central Railway (CR) found that against 3,000 tickets sold per day by smart card based ATVMs, coin operated ATVMs sold only 400 tickets a day. In its report to the Railway Board, the zonal railway mentioned that the machines were resulting in queues, were not user-friendly and only accepted exact change.
According to railway sources, the Board, in its reply said changes would be madeAutomatic Ticket Vending Machines (Co-ATVMs), CRIS, Central Railway before the machines were reintroduced. Pande said the railway authorities were also working on providing a single button operation and a system to provide change back to the commuter to make it more user-friendly.

Effluent in Ambernath nullah  400 takenillPatients are being treated at five hospitals in Ulhasnagar; locals near the nullah. (Source: Express photo by Deepak Joshi)
Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:20 am
BY ROHIT ALOK and TABASSUM BARNAGARWALA
More than 400 Ambernath residents took ill after they inhaled a poisonous  gas that was released into a nullah near Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) on Saturday morning. The gas reportedly emanated from untreated chemical waste released into the nullah by an unidentified tanker belonging to a chemical company.
“People started coming to the hospital from 5 am. They complained of breathlessness, severe chest pain and headache,” said Dr Ashok Nandapurkar, medical superintendent, Central Hospital. Officials said over 130 patients were subsequently sent to various hospitals in the Ambernath – Ulhasnagar belt for treatment.
Central Hospital authorities said 30 patients were admitted to the hospital. “We have sent blood samples of the patients for chemical analysis. There are a few serious cases where the patients have been constantly vomiting. Two patients are in critical condition. The others were discharged after being administered first aid,” Nandapurkar added.
As a matter of precaution, civic-run Sion hospital and state-run JJ Hospital were also notified in case of an emergency but no patient required transfer till evening.
Residents alleged that companies dealing in hazardous chemicals often released toxic waste into nullahs, a claim supported by officials of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB).
“We all know that companies discharge their waste into the nullah. I have been living in the area for the past 34 years but have never faced such a  situation,” said Vasudev Bhatia (53), who also fell ill along with his wife and son. The Bhatia family visited the hospital at 8 am and were discharged  around 3 pm after they were given first-aid.
Meenakshi Dubey, another resident, said, “My son Ansh, who is a month-old, started breathing irregularly, following which we brought him to the hospital. The doctors have placed him under observation for a day.”
The MPCB has filed an FIR against unknown people “for disposing hazardous waste into the nullah”. Zonal Deputy Commissioner of Police Vasant Jadhav said the police had collected samples of water from the nullah and sent them to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board for further analysis. According to Amar Supate, Principle Scientific Officer, persons from unidentified illegal tankers discharged “hazardous chemicals” into the drains. “These chemical mixed with water and produced hazardous vapours. By the time we reached the spot, the accused had fled with the tankers,” he said.
“Nearby CCTV cameras have captured the number plate of the tanker believed to have released the waste into the nullah. We are conducting further inquiries to nab the accused,” said Jadhav.
rohit.alok@expressindia.com / tabassum.barnagarwala@expressindia.com

Sell with a tgt. rs 600/- in 15 days and rs. 150-160 in one year. { tg...Platinum Member
46 Followers
Vimal bhai good morning,Selling for trading is good because Rpower looking weak but Accumulating share in cash in small quantity at these rates and further dip is not a bad idea for long term because nobody actually knows the depth of the market and a counter...........................Jai Mata di
In reply to : vimal9mehta message
7.56 AM Dec 1st

I did not have crooks as my father and grand uncle....lol... thi...Silver Member
111 Followers
Thanks for your greetings. You seem to be a pre-opinionated person. I am also a Tamil, born, brought-up, educated and worked in Tamilnadu. I have travelled worlwide and worked in few well developed countries. Now, I am a high-networth investor. But, I don`t share your view. I hate DMK. I`m an ardent fan of Amma. But, I still admire Mr. Kalanithi Maran for his business style and empire building caliber. He is highly talented and has a great potential to grow. BTW, what and where did you study?

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit all-time highs; state-run lenders gain  SBI topsSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Markets gained for the third straight session today with benchmark Sensex surging 255.08 points to 28,693.99 and Nifty rising 94.05 points to 8,588.25, led by banking and auto shares, as hopes of a rate cut by RBI brightened after oil prices tumbled to multi-year lows.
FII buying in bluechips and retail investors picking up midcap shares helped markets cement gains. All eyes are now on quarterly GDP data to be released later. Total investor wealth is within a sniffing distance of Rs 100 lakh crore.
The BSE 30-share barometer Sensex spurted by 255.08 points, or 0.90 per cent, to close at new high of 28,693.99. It broke previous peak 28,499.54 recorded on November 24. Intra-day, it touched a new high of 28,822.37, bettering previous lifetime high of 28,541.96 also hit on November 24.
The Sensex has now gained over 355 points three days.
Gainers in the 30-share Sensex included Tata Steel, Tata Motors, M&M, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, L&T, Hero MotoCorp, NTPC, Hindalco, HDFC, Wipro, ITC Ltd, Tata Power and RIL.
“Sentiments were buoyed by OPEC’s decision to sustain production levels and the subsequent sharp fall in crude prices. Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI policy meeting next week,” said Dipen Shah, Head of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Similarly, the NSE Nifty barometer topped the 8,600 mark for the first time to hit life-time high of 8,617.00. It finally settled 94.05 points, or 1.11 per cent, higher at record close of 8,588.25. Thus, it surpassed its earlier closing peak of 8,530.15 touched on November 24.
Banking was the front-runner ahead of RBI monetary policy review next week. SBI led gains by rising over 5 per cent. Others such as ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank also rose.
Globally, brent crude prices fell to trade at over four-year low of USD 71.21 per barrel in Asian trade. This boosted shares of OMCs, paint makers and airline companies.
Sectorally, BSE Banking index gained the most by rising 2.87 per cent, followed by Auto 1.95 per cent, Realty 1.65 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.16 per cent among others.
Mixed closing at other Asian markets and a lower opening in European markets also influenced trading sentiments here.
Foreign investors bought shares worth net Rs 389.73 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Uproar in House over  objectionable  remarks against Sonia GandhiAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Certain “objectionable” remarks made by Telangana Deputy Chief Minister T Rajaiah against Congress president Sonia Gandhi caused a stir in the State Legislative Assembly on the last day of its budget session today.
The proceedings were adjourned twice for ten minutes each as the main opposition members came into the Well of the House protesting the Deputy CM’s remarks even as Speaker S Madhusudanachari announced that the “objectionable remarks” would be expunged from the records.
The reference to Sonia Gandhi was made by first-time Congress MLA Padmavathi during Zero Hour where in she hailed her party chief for granting statehood to Telangana.
“As a mother, despite knowing that she will lose her (political) life, Sonia delivered the baby (Telangana state). No doubt the Telangana Rashtra Samiti and others also played their part but it was the sole will of Sonia that ensured statehood for Telangana. We should be ever grateful to her,” Padmavathi said.
Concurring with the point, Deputy CM Rajaiah, however, said it was the indefinite hunger-strike launched by TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao on November 29, 2009 that forced the then UPA government to come out with an announcement on December 9 on creation of the separate state.
He went on to refer to the events that followed the December 9 announcement.
The Congress members were on their feet in protest and trooped into the Well leading to the first adjournment for ten minutes.
When the proceedings resumed after more than an hour, Congress senior MLA Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka took strong exception to the Deputy CM’s remarks and wanted the latter to withdraw them. “It is left to the member’s wisdom,” he added.
However, Rajaiah sought to justify his remarks, leading to uproar in the House.
The Congress legislators once again stormed the Speaker’s podium even as he announced that he would verify the records and expunge the objectionable portions.
In the meantime, BJP senior MLA G Kishan Reddy raised the issue once again and wondered how the Congress could claim credit for creation of Telangana state.
“More than 1200 youths sacrificed their lives for a separate state. The Congress was responsible for the killing of 369 people who demanded Telangana in 1969,” he pointed out.
As the Congress members raised their protest once again, the Speaker adjourned the House the second time for ten minutes.
TAGS: Sonia Gandhi Telangana
More from miscellaneous

BA may start hub-and-spoke ops with Indian partnerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Seeking Americas DadBy: New York Times |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:38 am
As woman after woman has come forward to accuse Bill Cosby of sexual assault, there has been growing public revulsion, but also a nagging question: Did it have to be Cliff Huxtable?
He was America’s Dad, the star and co-creator of the most watched show in America in an era when network television drew big enough audiences to shift the national conversation. Parents and children watched together, identified themselves in the struggles of the characters. Cosby’s was an old-school obstetrician, the kindly type whom women trusted to guide them to motherhood.
It has made the rising drumbeat of allegations more shattering than typical celebrity misbehaviour. Particularly for Americans who grew up with The Cosby Show, grasping the transformation of Cosby’s image from best-known father to accused serial abuser has produced the discomfort and struggle akin to coming to terms with the dark past of a family member.
“He reminds me a lot of my own father, or he did,” said David Rhoden, 47, a computer programmer in Austin, Texas. “Let’s make that clear. Reminded me a lot of my own father. I thought he was teaching something,” Rhoden said.
Cosby’s role in I Spy and as the patient interpreter on Fat Albert made him a breakthrough star, television’s Jackie Robinson. The Cosby Show, which ran on NBC from 1984 to 1992, helped build a bridge between blacks and whites. When Los Angeles erupted in riots after the acquittal of the police officers accused of beating Rodney King, Cosby took to the air to urge protesters to stay home and to watch the final episode of the show instead. When his son was murdered in 1997, it was absorbed by many as a family tragedy.
Some black scholars criticised The Cosby Show for too easily soothing white households into a sense that the struggle for civil rights was over. And many blacks resented Cosby’s later moralising about personal responsibility. Still, Cosby continued to define a certain kind of sweater and a certain kind of family — educated, accomplished, kookily and happily normal.
“He implanted so many positive images, moments, subliminal pictures of what African-Americans can be,” said Mervan Osborne, 46, associate head of a school in Boston. The portrayal struck him as false — the families he knew in Brooklyn did not live in well-appointed townhouses in the Heights; the Cosby children’s range of skin tones made it a strain to see them as siblings. Still, he recognised the accomplishment.
“There was a time when white people used to claim, ‘I watch Cosby’ as their bona fides,” he said. “While we can look at it very cynically, there’s some good in that.”
The closeness and personal pride may be what allowed people to look away when rape accusations against Cosby surfaced decades ago. And still, with at least 15 women coming forward with similar stories — of being given a drink or a pill by Cosby, then waking up feeling they had been continued…

Bumper profit of rs. 682 crore of 28 years old dhoraji gujarat based l...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Every one is bullish here in tata metallic and none of here who is neg...Silver Member
12 Followers
Every one is bullish here in tata metallic and none of here who is negative. It is a share market. Presently the format of the chart in the counter is negative and this may pull it down. Reason 1 only positive trader in this counter. reason 2 chart format. This may fall to 110 and below.
This is my reading and you may not agree with my words. keep SL of 156.

New education policy wont be decided by a narrow few:IraniBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:53 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:22 am
Calling for a nationwide debate on the government’s proposed new national education policy, which it plans to begin working upon from 2015, Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani on Saturday said that instead of a few officials, politicians and experts deciding on the matter — as has “happened till now” — the voices of people who will be impacted the most by the policy should be heard first.
“I want that next year, let there be a country-wide debate on a new national education policy. Till today, deliberations were restricted to only some officers, politicians and some academic experts. And they decide how to educate the country. Today, times have changed. People want those voices to be heard who’ll be impacted the most,” Irani said at a function to present the first National Awards for Innovations in Educational Administration to District and Block Education Officers.
Irani said that stakeholders in 2.5 lakh education councils at the village levels and 6,660 block levels should meet and deliberate upon the new education policy. “At the district level, MPs, MLAs and parents can also participate in the deliberations,” she said, underlining the need for the stakeholders to get more actively involved in discussing and formulating the policy. “We need to study the best practices across the world and also need to study where some of the best failed so that we can learn from the failure and course correct,” she said adding that “we cannot live in a cocoon”. Irani also revealed her ministry’s plans to have a new project called Igniting Minds in Kendriya Vidyalaya to ignite the young minds by connecting top scientists across the country and abroad with the students through Information & Communication Technology.
“We need to study the best practices across the world and also need to study where some of the best failed so that we can learn from the failure and course correct,” she said adding that “we cannot live in a cocoon”. Irani also revealed her ministry’s plans to have a new project called Igniting Minds in Kendriya Vidyalaya to ignite the young minds by connecting top scientists across the country and abroad with the students through Information & Communication Technology.
Speaking about the need to connect students with their roots and make them feel proud about them, Irani talked about starting a nationwide project where students can make short videos on topics like —”What makes my block, my district historical?” and then disseminating these videos across the country through Edusat to enable students to know more about their country.
Referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, she said that if a person born in a village in Vadnagar and having studied in a humble school can become the Prime Minister, the onus is on the those associated with education to see who they prepare as future Prime Ministers.
The function saw 31 District and Block Education Officers being awarded under various categories.

Smash hit from downSouthWritten by Devendra Pandey | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:51 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:35 am
South Zone didn’t suffer an alarming top-order collapse but the dismissals of experienced opener Robin Uthappa and equally capable Manish Pandey for single-digit scores rocked their boat at the Wankhede Stadium.
Mayank Agarwal, a swash-buckling youngster had smashed 125 off just 100 deliveries in the final of the Vijay Hazare Trophy against Punjab, but the opener was watchful in making 35 in the quarterfinal against Central Zone.
Along with No.3 Baba Aparajith, Agarwal added 28 for the second wicket. Agarwal fell to medium-pacer Ishwar Pandey and six overs later Pandey was bowled by Anureet Singh. South Zone were at 88 for 3 in 20.2 overs, with three of their best batsmen back in the pavilion, Central Zone’s medium-pacers would have felt like half the battle was won. Or so they thought.
Aparajith does not get spoken about as much as the Uthappas or the Pandeys, yet five First-Class hundreds and an equal number of fifties in 27 matches by the age of 20 points to steady if not a spectacular career. On Saturday, Aparajith made a well-crafted 113 off 105 balls to score his second List-A hundred. In Karun Nair, Aparajith found an able partner, and the duo added 124 runs for the fourth wicket to help South Zone post 296, a total Central fell short by 116 runs.
The match turned into a one-sided affair when Central were reduced to 4 for three — Jalaj Saxena, Jitesh Sharma and Ashok Menaria the causalities. Aparajith’s measured approach to batting and the controlled agression of Nair in the first-half of the match remained the talking points.
The Tamil Nadu batsman never looked under pressure though it wasn’t easy to bat considering the Central Zone pace attack comprised Pankaj Singh and Ishwar Pandey, two bowlers who were part of India’s tour to England and Anureet Singh, a handy swing bowler. Ishwar was consistently pitching his out-swinger at a good length while Anureet was getting the ball to move in. Uthappa had nicked the ball to give Pankaj the first of his five wickets, while Pandey dismissed Agarwal with a full length delivery after teasing him with two out-swingers.
Pandey had no answer to Anureet’s in-swing delivery, which crashed into his middle-stump.
Aparajith took his time to get settled and really came into his own when the spinners began operating. Leg-spinner Piyush Chawla and Chinaman Kuldeep Yadav paid the price for bowling short and they couldn’t prevent both Aparajith or Nair from rotating the strike.
Aparajith set the tone for the contest against the spinner when he stepped down the track and drove Chawla to the long-off boundary. Any hint of flight was countered with use of feet by Aparajith. Nair wasted no time in taking the fight to the spinners. He upset their line and rhythm by using the sweep and the reverse continued…

Sebi to strengthen fraud detectionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Agriculture  services helped GDP to achieve growthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BMB eyes Rs 1k-cr depositsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Party may soon turn dim for refineriesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s forex reserves downThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The present invention relates to 2-octanol obtained as a by-product in...Platinum Member
235 Followers
The present invention relates to 2-octanol obtained as a by-product in the manufacture of sebacic acid has ben converted to dicapryl phthalate( Dcp) and other esters using various commercialy available catalysts. Longer esterification periods produced colored product. Performance of the dcp, prepared in the laboratory was compared with commercial plasticizers such as di-2-ethy hexyl phthalate( Dehp) and di-isononyl phthalate( Dinp). ==============
1)udeshi; subhash vithaldas
adres of aplicant :jayant agro organics ltd,
akhandanand, 38, marol co-operative
industrial estate, of m. V. Road, sakinaka,
andheri( East), mumbai 40 059, maharashtra india( 72)name of inventor :
1)udeshi; subhash vithaldas

Brooader markets not participating in the rally...mid and small caps c...11 Followers
Brooader markets not participating in the rally...Mid and small caps correcting in small doses
When the crack finally comes, only the stronger companies with healthy cash flows will ride the turbulence....And the shallow ones with loads of debt with fall like nine pins

Wal-Mart protest in West Loop draws 125 picketers125 protest at West Loop Wal-Mart; 30 are employees, organizer says.
Picketers at West Loop Wal-Mart store push for $15-an-hour wage.
About 125 people picketed outside a Wal-Mart store in Chicago's West Loop on Friday morning, asking the retail giant to pay its workers $15 an hour.
The rally in freezing temperatures at the Wal-Mart at 570 W. Monroe St. was among many similar protests planned nationwide. It's at least the third-straight year such Wal-Mart protests have been held on Black Friday.
Wal-Mart has said its Black Friday sales events the past two years were among their best, despite the protests.
Caption Taken aside
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Larry Born, 55, is led from a demonstration in front of the Walmart on Jefferson Street after a group of the protesters blocked the street Friday. The demonstrators were taken aside, cited for blocking the street and released. Walmart workers and supporters gathered to protest low wages.
Larry Born, 55, is led from a demonstration in front of the Walmart on Jefferson Street after a group of the protesters blocked the street Friday. The demonstrators were taken aside, cited for blocking the street and released. Walmart workers and supporters gathered to protest low wages. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Walmart employee Linda Jackson, 51, is escorted and cited after blocking a street in act of civil disobedience.
Walmart employee Linda Jackson, 51, is escorted and cited after blocking a street in act of civil disobedience. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Continuing to protest
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
A Walmart demonstrator continues to sing as she is led from the street during a wage protest Friday.
A Walmart demonstrator continues to sing as she is led from the street during a wage protest Friday. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Escorted from the street
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Eddell Brown, 22, is escorted and cited after blocking the street in an act of civil disobedience.
Eddell Brown, 22, is escorted and cited after blocking the street in an act of civil disobedience. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Warning
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
A member of the Chicago Police department warns protesting Walmart workers that they will be given citations if they continue to block Jefferson Street outside a Walmart Neighborhood Market in the West Loop in Chicago on Friday.
A member of the Chicago Police department warns protesting Walmart workers that they will be given citations if they continue to block Jefferson Street outside a Walmart Neighborhood Market in the West Loop in Chicago on Friday. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Protesters at the West Loop store included more than 30 Wal-Mart workers, one organizer said. Others carrying picket signs included activists, union members and others sympathetic to the workers. The protests were led by a group called Our Wal-Mart, with the United Food and Commercial Workers International also helping to get the word out about the events.
The protest began at 9 a.m. Friday and ended shortly after 10 a.m. It was peaceful, although at the end, about 10 protesters ignored police warnings to get out of the street and received tickets for blocking an intersection.

Sajjad-Modi meet: Omar Abdullah says former separatist leader needs BJP to come at front8
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday hit out at former separatist leader Sajjad Lone for meeting with Prime Minister Narenda Modi and for warming up to BJP. "Sajjad needs BJP to come at front," Omar said.
Ahead of the Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir, the Chief Minister also said, "NC will form government on its own without the support of BJP."
Earlier this month former separatist leader and People's Conference Chief Sajjad Gani Lone met PM Modi in New Delhi. Lone said that he spoke to the Prime Minister just about Kashmir issues and no political discussions took place.
Ahead of the Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir, the Chief Minister also said, "NC will form government on its own without the support of BJP."
#jammu and kashmir elections 2014 #omar abdullah #sajjad lone #narendra modi
After the meeting with the Prime Minister, Lone said, "I just talked about the tourism prospects in Jammu and Kashmir." Lone had earlier also met Bharatiya Janata Party leaders Ram Madhav and Jagat Prakash Nadda.
However, the BJP has played down speculations of a post poll alliance in Jammu and Kashmir and even the ruling National Conference has dismissed the speculations.
0

UP gets investment proposals worth Rs 8 900 crYou are here: Home > Collections
Uttar Pradesh gets investment proposals worth Rs 8,900 crore
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 10.15PM IST
Tags:
Akhilesh Yadav
(Uttar Pradesh has received…)
LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh has received nine investment proposals worth Rs 8,900 crore from companies, including Reliance Cement and Samsung , and the Cabinet will take a call on providing incentives to them, state chief secretary Alok Ranjan said today.
"Nine proposals for mega projects having an investment Rs 8900 crores have been received from leading industrial houses like Reliance Cement, Shree Cement, Samsung, Paswara Papers, IFFCO, KK Milk and Gallant Ispat," Ranjan told reporters here.
These proposals would now be put before the Cabinet for providing them incentive packages, he added.
Claiming that an atmosphere conducive to industrialisation is being created in the state with single window system being put into place for providing mainly 18 clearances online, Ranjan said that during the present government till September 2014, 96,041 units specially in the medium and small sector have been set up at an investment of Rs 14,602 crore.
These provide direct employment opportunities to over seven lakh, he added.
The chief secretary said an industrial township on the lines of NOIDA is being developed in Kanpur named the "Trans-Ganga Industrial Township". Its foundation stone would be laid by Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on December 11.
"This township on 1,270 acres would be developed on international standards. As it would be on the banks of Ganga, only pollution free industries would be allowed," he said.
A similar township will also come up in Naini, Allahabad, the foundation of which is likely to be laid in February 2015.
As no bids had come for setting up Kushinagar international airport in Kushinagar district, Ranjan said, it has been decided to get it done through Airports Authority of India.
Besides, a final MOU has been signed for the Maitrayee yojna nearby for developing the area as a Buddhist tourism centre.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LVM 3 X launch with crew module between in DecIndia's LVM 3 X launch with crew module between December 15 and 20
PTI Nov 29, 2014, 10.45PM IST
Tags:
GSLV Mark III
(The launch intends to test…)
SRIHARIKOTA: Inching towards its human space programme, India would test a crew module recovery experiment even as it would study the vehicular performance of its latest Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV - Mark III) from Satish Dhawan Space Centre here between December 15 and 20.
"ISRO would launch its heaviest rocket GSLV-Mark III (LVM 3 X mission) sometime between December 15 and 20. The rocket would also carry a crew module to test its re-entry characteristics," M Y S Prasad , Director, Satish Dhawan Space Centre, told reporters here.
The launch intends to test the atmospheric characteristics and stability of the updated rocket on its way up and would study the crew module on its re-entry into the atmosphere.
While the rocket would cost Rs 140 crore, the crew module would cost Rs 15 crore, he said.
Elaborating on the updated GSLV Mark III , S Somanath , Project Director, GSLV Mark III, said, "The rocket can carry upto four tonne payload. This is the heaviest rocket India has ever launched. It is 630 tonne at lift off. We would test only the first two stages and not the cryogenic stage."
"The cryogenic engine is under development and it will take more two years to be ready," said Prasad.
Since Indian government has not officially approved sending humans into space so far, Prasad said the crew module would not carry any living being and it is only for study purposes.
Explaining the process, Project Director of Crew Module, S Unnikrishnan Nair , said after getting separated from the rocket around 126 km, it would be stabilised by thrusters designed on board.
"The three tonne weighing crew module would use four set of parachutes to safely land on the surface of the sea at 7 metre per second. It will land some 180 km from Indira Point of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. From the lift off to the crew module splashing into the sea, it will take around 20 minutes," he said.
The cup cake-shaped crew module is 2.5 metre tall and 3.5 metre in diameter, he said.
The capsule, tentatively designed to carry three astronauts, would be recovered by Indian Coast Guard ships. A practice of the recovery was done on October 31 with Coast Guard ship ICGS Samudra Paheredar, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Daylight heist in Delhi  robbers caught on camera after looting Rs 1.5 crore from ATM Cash VanNov 29, 2014 at  11:21pm IST
Daylight heist in Delhi, robbers caught on camera after looting Rs 1.5 crore from ATM Cash Van
17
0
Delhi: A cash van of a private bank in Kamla Nagar area of Delhi was robbed of Rs 1.5 crore in broad daylight on Saturday morning after two men on a bike shot the security guard stationed at the spot. The robbers can be seen running away in the mobile footage that was shot at the time of the incident.
The robbers shot at the guard stationed outside the van when he tried to retaliate. He later succumbed to his injuries. The incident took place around 11 am.
"I saw the men on a bike with a blue box. The guard was injured and lying on the ground when they left," an eyewitness said.
#delhi #delhi police #atm #bank robbery
Joint Commissioner of Police Sandeep Goyal said, "Two men on a bike shot the security guard. They looted the cash and ran away."
Giving no further details of the incident, Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said that the investigation is underway.
251

Smaller cos partner for India s first manned...Smaller companies partner for ISRO's precursor to first manned mission
By Bharani Vaitheesvaran, ET Bureau | 29 Nov, 2014, 08.58PM IST
0
Share More
Chennai-based Valeth Hightech is among the smaller companies that will be joining hands with behemoth’s like Hindustan Aeronautics in ISRO’s experiment.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRIHARIKOTA: Chennai-based Valeth Hightech is among the smaller companies that will be joining hands with behemoth's like Hindustan Aeronautics in ISRO's experiment aimed at being a precursor to India's first manned mission .
The company has machined the silica-based tiles that will shield a trapezoidal pod Indian Space Research Organisation will launch into space and bring back to earth in an experiment in December.
The attempt is to test new design features developed for its new-age launch vehicle GSLV Mk-III, which will enable India to launch its heaviest thus far - 4-tonne satellites. A capability that an elite club of US, Russia and China can boast of now.
"Many small companies have contributed to this mission, and Valeth's contribution is critical to the mission safety," says S Unnikrishnan Nair , one of the project directors for Crew Module Atmospheric Re-entry Experiment.
For ISRO , the challenge lies in frictional heat that can burn up the crew module as it re-enters the atmosphere from the 126-km high point it is expected to touch in this mission.
"The temperature as a result of earth's pull can reach up to 1,600 degree Celcius. To protect the crew module, heat shields are used," said Subba Rao, another scientist at Satish Dhawan Space Centre SHAR , Sriharikota.
Scientists said the silica cladding covering the module will keep temperature at a lower level. The entire duration of the experiment is close to 1,140 seconds.
The crew module is expected to splash at a point 180 km off Andaman and Nicobar in sea, from where it will be secured by the Indian Coast Guard.
The cost of the project is estimated at Rs 140 crore, with expenses on the crew module alone at Rs 15 crore.

A police station just 300m away  heist leaves officersred-facedWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:11 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 5:49 am
The daring daylight heist reported in the busy market of Roop Nagar in North Delhi on Saturday morning has left police dazed.
With a police station just 300 metres and a police picket just 100 metres away from the spot, the fact that two armed assailants could shoot dead a security guard, snatch cash bags and speed away on their motorbike without getting caught, has put police in a tight spot.
The incident has been caught on several CCTV cameras and mobile phones. These have given investigators visuals but since the assailants were wearing helmets, police have not been able to identify them yet.
The Crime Branch and Special Cell of the Delhi Police have been roped in for the investigation, apart from five teams of the district police which are already on the job.
A mobile clip, which is  now with police, shows the pillion rider in a blue denim and black jacket, loading the a bag and briefcase carrying the cash on the bike.
“Both men seem very confident and calm. The man in the black jacket, keeps the cash briefcase on the seat, he then gets on the bike and holds the other bag in his hand. The rider then starts the bike and the duo speed off. Looking at their body language, it appears that they are from a notorious gang,” an investigator said.
Police have prepared a list of gangs operating in the area and are taking the help of local informers to identify the men.
“It is clear that the act was pre-planned. The assailants had done a recce of the place and must have been following the van for almost a week. Since the van does not take the same route every day, due to security reasons, it is clear that the assailants were tracking its route for sometime now,” an officer said.
Police are also probing an insider’s role in the case. “We strongly suspect the role of an insider in the crime. It is impossible for a random gang to commit the robbery without the support of an insider. Someone must have given the assailants the information about the van reaching the ATM. The bikers must have been waiting for a signal and, the moment they received it, they reached the ATM, shot the guard and fled with the money,” the officer said.
The bike that was used in the crime was found to have a fake numberplate. Police have detained the van operator, the supervisor and the two loaders for questioning.
“They are being questioned. We have asked the agency to give us a list of people working for them and their roles in the agency. The investigation is on and we hope to arrest the accused soon,” the officer said.

Delhis U-19 skipper in RanjisquadWritten by Siddhartha Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:06 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:07 am
Eighteen-year-old Himmat Singh was captaining Delhi in the Cooch Behar Trophy (Under-19) in Kolkata when he received news of his name being included in the Ranji Trophy squad for the opening round match against Saurashtra.
Himmat has scored over 300 runs this season in Under-19 cricket, but the middle-order batsman himself wasn’t quite expecting the call-up to the senior team. “It is a half-dream come true for me. My aim is to play for India. But I wasn’t expecting to be included in the Ranji Trophy squad so soon. I can’t believe that I will get a chance to share a Delhi dressing room alongside greats like Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag,” Himmat said Saturday.
Earlier this month, Himmat made 181 against Tripura in Agartala in the four-day Under-19 game after making 283 runs, including two centuries against Punjab and Himachal Pradesh, in the One-day format.
Three centuries at the start of the season has given Himmat confidence. Last season he managed just one century at the Under-19 level, that too in the last match of the season. “Last season was a disappointment. now that I have started well, I want to make the most of this season. I have also been able to convert my starts,” Himmat said. Because he bats at No.5 and at times has only has the tail for company.
“I would say I wasn’t throwing away my wicket but in order to score at a brisk pace I would get out and fall short of a century. I have not changed anything major in my batting but mentally I am trying to be mature,” Himmat, who trains at Sonnet Club, added.
Squad: Gautam Gambhir (captain), Virender Sehwag, Unmukt Chand, Milind Kumar, Vaibhav Rawal, Rajat Bhatia, Puneet Bisht
(wk), Parvinder Awana, Navdeep Saini, Sumit Narwal, Varun Sood, Shivam Sharma, Himmat Singh, Pradeep Sangwan, Dhruv Shorey. Coach: Vijay Dahiya. Manager: Manoj Kapoor.

Khattar refuses water toDelhiWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:06 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:14 am
In a major embarrassment for the Delhi BJP, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar refused to release water into the Munak canal and provide relief to Delhi’s water woes. Khattar said he could only release water if it can be arranged from other states like Punjab, Uttarakhand or Himachal Pradesh.
Khattar’s statement  is expected to create trouble for the BJP in Delhi with polls around the corner. The party was banking on his support to address the issue of water shortage, which is also part of its manifesto.
“I have no water resource. I can only release water supplied by Himachal Pradesh or Uttarakhand. Haryana used to get water from Rajasthan but even that has stopped. Like Delhi, NCR areas like Faridabad are also growing and need water. We will be meeting Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu on December 1 on this issue,” Khattar said at a function organised by the Delhi BJP to felicitate him.
Many senior leaders, who expected Khattar to make a positive announcement regarding Munak canal, believe that if there was to be no announcement, then the event should not have been planned.
Khattar, however, gave some assurance on solving Delhi’s traffic woes. He  said work on the Kundli-Manesar-Palwal Expressway will be fast-tracked.

Historian Mushirul Hasan hurt inmishapBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:45 am
Mushirul Hasan, former vice-chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia University and noted historian, was seriously injured after he met with an accident while he was on his way to Mewat in Haryana.
It is learned that Hasan was on his way to inaugurate a school, which has historically been plagued with lack of development and educational facilities. He left his home in Delhi at around 8 am in a car sent by the school. He was accompanied by a representative from the school and the driver.
According to the police, the accident took place a little before 11 am when Hasan was still an hour from his destination. “It appears that the car was hit by a dumper from the back. There was another dumper in front and the car was squashed in the middle,” said a senior police officer.
He was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance and the school representative alerted his family. But it took Hasan over three-and-a-half hours to reach Apollo Hospital in Delhi, where he’s currently undergoing treatment.
A statement from the hospital said, “The patient was brought to the hospital in a critical condition and was immediately attended to by our team of experts. He is presently undergoing surgery by a competent, multi-disciplinary team of senior consultant doctors.”
It is learned that Hasan was conscious when he reached the hospital at 4 pm but his condition worsened and he went in for surgery at around 7.15 am. At the time of writing the report, doctors said that his prognosis was still unclear.

We attacked Kerala resort  claimMaoistsWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:42 am
The CPI (Maoist) has claimed responsibility for the attack on a private resort at North Kerala’s hill district Wayanad. The resort named Agraharam, located at Thirunelli, was ransacked on November 18 by a four-member gang.
The resort is owned by Sebastian Joseph, a senior journalist with Kerala’s leading daily Malayala Manorama. The gang entered the resort in the early on November 18 and smashed the windows and furniture. They left behind pro-Maoist pamphlets.
On Saturday, media offices in Palakkad district got a press release believed to be from the Western Ghat Zonal Committee of the CPI (Maoist) saying that its cadres had attacked the resort. It said the attack was a warning against unbridled encroachment of the real estate-tourism mafia in Wayanad district, which was once a land of paddy fields. Policed sources said they were probing the case.

Modi in Ranchi: Emphasises BJP always took care of tribals  targetsSorensWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:24 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday seemed to respond to constant barbs from the Congress about his party’s stance on adivasis and said in Ranchi that it was that Atal Bihari Vajpayee government that created a Ministry of Tribal Affairs.
Over the past week, Congress’s Sonia and Rahul Gandhi had been telling their audiences in the state that the Narendra Modi government was propped up by industrialists, who will deprive the adivasis of various rights granted during the UPA governments.
Modi, who spoke for just over 32 minutes at the Morabadi ground in the afternoon, termed the Congress’s claims lies. “….Adivasis have been here even during the time of Bhagwan Ram…. But the Congress did not know that there are adivasis in the country,” Modi said. He added that the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government, in addition to creating a separate Tribal Affairs Ministry, had also budgeted extra funds for tribal welfare. “Wherever adivasis live in large numbers, they have voted for a BJP government – in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. Jharkhand also has a large adivasi population,” Modi trailed off, which led to the crowd crying out, “BJP will form a government here!”
Modi of course left out states like Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Orissa and Assam – which have a larger percentage of adivasis in the general population than either Maharashtra or Gujarat – and do not have BJP governments in place.
Modi also cited the Chhattisgarh state government as an example of the model of governance he is promoting. “Raman Singh has done more for adivasis than what Congress can think of. Though both states have the same age, Chhattisgarh has built a new capital. In Jharkhand, all offices run from rented premises,” Modi said. He used this to attack JMM leaders Shibu Soren and son Hemant Soren, also the chief minister. “This is because baap-beta do not want to do anything for you,” Modi said.
Even as he effectively burnt bridges with the JMM – which, under the leadership of Hemant Soren, is expected to put up a good performance despite a resurgent BJP and which could be willing to support the BJP’s efforts to form a government if it falls short of majority – it was evident that Modi had been briefed to play the tribal card by his advisors. At Chandwa in Latehar on November 21, Modi had not mentioned his party’s plans for adivasis at all.
At an earlier point in his speech too, Modi had attacked the Sorens. While talking of how his state government supplied drinking water to arid Gujarat in large-diameter pipes, Modi claimed the Sorens had done nothing to solve the drinking water crisis in Jharkhand. “The baap-beta who had a sarkar here can sit in the car along with their family and drive inside the pipe to go to the other end. That’s how large those pipes are,” Modi said, to laughter.
As usual, Modi seemed to establish a rapport with his audience. At one point in his speech, he said, “There is a herb to solve all your problems. That herb is?” and waited. As if on cue, the crowd chanted, “Modi!” With a chuckle, the Prime Minister corrected them, saying he was taking of Vikas – development.
However, the state unit of the BJP will be alarmed at how thin the crowd in the Morabadi – which overlooks Shibu Soren’s residence – seemed to be. Though Modi campaigned for 10 candidates – all of whom were present on-stage – the number of people were moderate at best by Modi’s standards. “We did not want to trouble the people from other constituencies and asked only people from the Ranchi area to come,” was the excuse Sanjay Seth, the BJP leader who was the emcee for the day, provided. There seemed to be a major mix-up in terms of timing, with even senior leaders unsure about when exactly the Jamshedpur and Ranchi rallies would be. Prabhat Khabar, the state’s most-widely read daily, printed the time of the Ranchi meeting as 1.10 in the afternoon. Modi, on the other hand, was on stage minutes past 1 PM, with large parts of the ground empty.
Modi’s opening remarks were about his party’s single-point agenda this election – to end what the PM called, “tooty-footy,” “aadha-adhura” governments and to form a stable government. “In a coalition government, the parties blame each other. This means that the people cannot demand answers,” said Modi. Recalling that Jharkhand’s voters gave his party 12 of 14 seats from the state, thus making it possible to have a stable government in Delhi, Modi said, “Five years now, you can pull the Modi government’s ear if we have not done good work. The people of the country have the right to pull the ear of the government of the day. But whose ear will you pull if you don’t know who the leader is?”
The PM put the onus on himself to help Jharkhand. “If you give me majority, I will give you a better Jharkhand. This state, which can light up the country, is in darkness. I want to change that,” he said. Modi touched upon a topic rarely made a part of political discourse when he talked about how young women from the state have to travel to work in the kitchens of faraway cities: “We need programmes to stop this. I want to do this work.”
Modi used a favourite speaking point when he noted that Jharkhand had just turned 14 years old. He went on to say that 13-18 years are important in the life of every child: the PM likes to use the analogy – this newspaper was present in Chhaapra, Bihar on April 30 this year, when campaigning for eventual winner Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Modi told young voters that 18-28 years is the most crucial phase of their lives.
In Ranchi on Saturday, Modi stressed that these assembly elections were crucial for the state’s future: “Some parents do not take care of their children between 13 and 18 years and then complain that children took the wrong path. This phase is important for Jharkhand as well: I am willing to take care of you; give me full majority.”

Socio-economic disparities behind NortheastconflictsWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:19 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 1:51 pm
Most conflicts in the Northeastern region have socio-economic reasons behind them and these reasons have been there since even before Independence, according to Home Minister Rajnath Singh. Intelligence Bureau Director Syed Asif Ibrahim on the other hand said the Northeast situation was “fragile” despite several groups talking peace with the government.
Addressing the All-India Conference of DGS and IGPs Singh said these socio-economic disparities have existed due to lack of development in the region.
“The level of development, including infrastructure development, has not been as satisfactory as it should have been. Some conflicts have roots in these socio-economic reasons. This is a matter of concern. It is not an exaggeration that these disparities have existed since even before independence,” Singh said.
He also expressed concern over incidents of violence carried out by various groups in the region despite peace talks, ceasefire and suspension of operation by several of these groups. “The government has been talking to some groups while some others are either in ceasfire or have declared suspension of violence on their own. But despite that, extortion and other incidents have been on,” Singh said.
Focus on coastal security
Home Minister Rajnath Singh called upon the All-India DGPs and IGPs Conference to focus more on coastal security, by particularly pointing out that while the major ports are always well-secured, there are over 200 minor ports and 1,500 landing points which still appear vulnerable and require more attention. “Remember, the 1993 Mumbai attacks and the 2008 attacks? Both were carried out through the sea route. We have over 7,500 km of coastline. I am not happy with the security arrangement for our minor ports…we need to hammer out a new strategy,” he said.
‘Fresh strategy for Maoists’
Although the number of killings by Left-Wing extremist groups has gone down in the recent months, especially because of shrinkage of their areas of operation, the security forces need to draw up a fresh strategy to tackle the Maoists more effectively, Intelligence Bureau chief Syed Asif Ibrahim said here on Saturday. Speaking at the DGPs and IGPs conference, Ibrahim said increasing number of deserters, shortage of arms and ammunition and a crisis of leadership have together contributed to reduction of Maoist activities. The IB Director identified giving a bigger role to the state police forces as a key component in tackling Left-Wing extremism.

Sean Abbott faces tough task to make sense of Hughes death: Expertsprint
A file photo shows Australian bowler Sean Abbott bowling during a One-Day International cricket match against Pakistan in Sharjah. (AFP Photo)
People do not associate cricket with death and the shock loss of Phillip Hughes, against all rational expectation, will be the hardest thing for bowler Sean Abbott to deal with, according to trauma experts.
Abbott's short-pitched delivery struck Hughes in the neck during a domestic match on Tuesday, with the impact of the blow bursting an artery in the batsman's neck that led to his death in a Sydney hospital two days later.
The 22-year-old, a former team mate of Hughes' at New South Wales state, had been holding up well, Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland told reporters on Friday.
Sutherland's positive assessment flew in the face of many former players and pundits who suggested Abbott, a rising talent who debuted for the national team last month, would never bowl again.
Trauma experts said no-one could really hope to understand Abbott's emotional state during a period of shock and the true impact would not become apparent for weeks.
"Right now, it's really early days," Michael Burge, director of the Australian College of Trauma Treatment in Melbourne, told Reuters on Friday.
"There would be experiencing shock, horror, all the usual trauma-related reactions but the real impact for the one who bowled the ball would probably be playing out weeks and months down the track when the shock wears off."
Burge, who has worked with car-crash victims and soldiers returned from theatres of war, said Abbott might be experiencing a similar trauma to that suffered by servicemen who have seen their colleagues fall in friendly fire.
However, the completely random and freakish nature of the incident would add an additional layer of complexity for Abbott to deal with in overcoming his grieving process.
"In unforeseen circumstances, when things aren't supposed to be this way, that tends to amplify that shock-type reaction and the self-blame, those things that people do to try to make sense of something that doesn't make sense.
"That can be quite damaging if they don't get some help in that way from the outset."
Post-tragedy return
The global cricket community has rushed to Abbott's defence, with Australia captain Michael Clarke and Hughes' sister spending time with the bowler.
He has had counselling and Cricket Australia said the bowler would have everything he needed to help him deal with the inexplicable tragedy.
Sports worldwide have produced athletes who have had to carry the grief of an involvement in the death of fellow athletes played out in the public glare. Some return to competition and others shun it for life.
Retired National Hockey League player Ron Harris played on after a hit on Bill Masterton that led to the Minnesota North Stars' player's death in 1968. Harris stated in his one interview on the subject that the play wasn't "dirty" but it bothered him the rest of his life.
Foil fencer Matthias Behr's blade broke and fatally injured world champion Vladimir Smirnov in Rome in 1982 but he went on to win three silver medals at two Olympic Games after.
Experts said the embrace of the cricket community would be paramount for Abbott, while the power of ritual in honouring and remembering Hughes could be vital for the bowler's chances of returning to the sport successfully.
Australian sports have announced a number of grass-roots initiatives in respect of Hughes, ranging from black armbands on players to moments of silence before matches.
"Most people recover from trauma, particularly with good support," said Ann Cantwell-Bartl, a prominent Melbourne-based trauma and grief consultant.
"Grief can go on over a lifetime and healthy grief can also go on a long time. That doesn't mean the intensity of the grief need be so strong."

Zed Plus review: A delightfully homespun tale on the politics of communalismCast: Adil Hussain and Mona Singh
Rating: ****
This Prime Minister cannot speak Hindi. No, he is not a female and of Italian origin. Played by the very authentic Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Mr. Prime Minister in Chandraprakash Dwiwedi's heartwarming political satire, is a bearded, canny, suave and wily patriarch.
Zed Plus is a political satire that will make you laugh and weep
Like many films with political resonances, Zed Plus conceals to reveal. While we can immediately identify the politicians and their party-based manoeuvres, the script, nimbly knitted into a powerful parable by Dwivedi and Ram Kumar Singh, pulls back just in time. So, no accusing fingers can be pointed at the characters for being too close to the cabinet.
Dwivedi's movie is a delightfully homespun take on the politics of communalism. The location is a dusty, closely-knit Muslim town in Rajasthan called Fatehpur, which gets an unlikely VVIP visitor in the English-speaking South Indian PM, who wishes to visit a dargah.
There is this wonderfully written sequence inside the dargah, where the custodian of the sacred place explains to the PM through his right-hand man (KK Raina, as capable as ever) what he, the PM, must do to please the god. Here, Adil Hussain plays against Kharbanda with a remarkable restraint.
Episodes such as these work because Dwivedi has cast male actors who blend into the film's freewheeling yet pertinent fabric without much ado.
I wish I could say the same about the female actors. There are some very important women in the plot who appear unconvincing because of the discursive tone in which they speak their lines and the make-up that they wear, and which has no business here. Feelings, in their case, are not about the spirit, but the faces.
Also lacking is a tight editing pattern.
Very often the effort to make pungent political statements outruns the need to tell a tightly-edited story. But then Adil doing a complete turn-around from his wry urbane part in English Vinglish, tends to fill the fissures in the fearless frequently loose-limbed narration.
As the puncture-wallah who suddenly finds himself at the vortex of a fierce political tamasha, Adil gets his character's personality and thoughts from the script to screen, losing none of the fervour and flavour of the character's reluctant heroism in the transition.
Adil's Aslam is a bit of a horny, dishonest rogue. The sense of mischief in the character never forsakes the plot. But the plot doesn't make excuses for his shenanigans. Before the film is over, Aslam must redeem his conscience. And by god, the character does a fine job of finding his bearings in a world where morality is a bankable commodity.
Even when at times the storytelling becomes less than engaging, Adil's Aslam remains watchable. Mukesh Tiwari as Adil's belligerent neighbour also contributes a pitch-perfect performance. Together, the two actors provide a delectable illustration of the Indo-Pak equation: warring and snapping at one another. But at the end of the day, there are both bhai-bhai.
In the rarest of rare cases does a political satire make us laugh and weep so unconditionally? Zed Plus is that precious work of art where every actor and technician gets into the correct mood without caring about who's watching.
Tongue wedged firmly in cheek, Chandraprakash Dwivedi delivers a trenchant and ticklish comment on present-day politics where individuals get sucked into exploitative politics more by will than force.
The film's locational luminosity is unimpeachable. It is ensconced in the cinematography and art work. HM Ramachandran looks through the camera lens and sees not the dusty gallis of a Rajasthani hamlet, but the spirit of ownership that makes the characters occupy the ramshackle space with pride and dignity.
Muneesh Sappal's production design is not so much about design as intuition. These are visuals that come closest to describing the lives of Dwivedi's characters.
You may not agree with the cheeky politics of Zed Plus. But you can't deny its integrity, warmth and humour.

Pheran making a political statement in KashmirPheran making a political statement in Kashmir
Toufiq Rashid , Hindustan Times  Srinagar, November 29, 2014
First Published: 22:18 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 22:29 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
Amidst the election fever in Kashmir, the traditional 'pheran' has made a political comeback with leaders of all hues donning the long cloak to keep out the winter chill - and also make a statement.
Be it chief minister Omar Abdullah or the PDP leadership and even the BJP's female brigade, all have the 'pheran' in common.
Abdullah, who has donned one even when the weather wasn't very cold during the initial days of campaigning, has worn the pheran practically everywhere - from filing nomination papers for both his constituencies in Beerwah and Sonawar and now for campaigning.
The chief minister had last year opposed an army diktat asking reporters not to come for press conferences in a pheran.
Abdullah wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter. "People wear their pheran with pride. It's part of our identity aside from the best way to stay warm in the cold. Can't ban pherans."
Mehbooba Mufti, the engine of the People's Democratic Party, is seen wearing the pheran with colourful scarfs as she moves across the valley, raising the pitch for development, education and employment.
"The attire helps leaders establish instant connection in the remote villages in the valley, where they go for campaigning," said senior journalist Sheikh Mushtaq.
"Besides the weather is such that pheran is a good option," he added.
Traditionally, pheran is a loose cloak worn in winters to keep warm but the garment has recently become a fashion statement.
After undergoing modifications and alterations, it is appealing to the young and urbane Kashmiri as well.
Teamed with jeans and boots, pheran has now become office attire in the valley - mostly for young women.

Potential for Indias economy is much greater than5%Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:14 am
The optimism around India has caught global attention. In line with various business leaders that have visited the country over the last few months, Dennis M Nally, chairman, PricewaterhouseCoopers International since 2009 was also here last week. In an interview to Sandeep Singh, Nally said that he was enthused by the pro-business and investment government at the centre and that the right steps can take India back to 9 per cent growth rates. Excerpts:
How do you see the country faring under the new government and how is India positioned amidst the slowdown across various economies?
Post the Modi government, it has been very positive and the investment community is receptive to what the government is expressing. We are in a very challenging global economic environment and it is going to remain so over the next 12-18 months. Europe is going through a major slowdown, Germany is projecting a slowdown and China as an economy is slowing.
However, the opportunities and potential in India are very significant and I think with the right collaboration between private and public sector, the potential for this economy is much greater than 5 per cent. I think 9 per cent is achievable.
What raises your optimism on India?
You have a very pro-business and pro-investment government. The very fact that the trade issues between US and India were resolved in a very positive way, I hope they will be concluded in positive way. But ithas sent a very positive message that the government is very serious about doing its part.
What reforms would you like to see?
The business is looking for consistency and predictability. As an investor you are looking at that kind of environment that can encourage you to look at the risk reward of an investment and how they stack against the alternatives before you. You talk about investment in infrastructure and it’s a 10- 20 year investment and as an investor what you want to see is a framework that allows you to get comfortable from a risk return stand point.
Does the rise in stock markets  raise concerns?
I think people are making investments based on their assessment of the potential. With a government like this and with the statements that have been made so far, I think there are words of encouragement for investors. While there is optimism, I think the challenge now is to begin to deliver on some of these issues that have been talked about.
How do you think India should move forward on manufacturing?
If the mindset is to follow what has been done elsewhere, which is just a pure labour play, then, I think India is missing out on a real opportunity here. I think education and skill development will play an important role. If we are educating the young today, for the skills of the past, then it won’t be fit for purpose in the next 10-15 years.

Rise & fall of Noida official into I-TnetBy: Express News Service | Lucknow |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:12 am
He was placed under suspension for alleged irregularities in infrastructure projects worth over Rs 950 crore, faced an FIR, was declared an absconder, and for a while even lived under the shadow of a red corner notice issued against him by the Interpol.
That was in 2012, after the Akhilesh Yadav-led SP government took charge of UP. Yet, in November 2013, Yadav Singh was back: the CB-CID closed the case two months later and he was made engineer-in-chief not just of Noida Authority, but that of Greater Noida Authority  and Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority.
Singh’s dream run hit a rough patch Friday when Income Tax officials raided his bungalow in Noida and recovered crores of rupees in cash and jewellery.
According to police, the FIR in 2012 was lodged against Singh, Noida project engineer Ramendra and some construction firms under IPC sections 409, 420, 466, 467, 470, 471, 120-B and Prevention of Corruption Act.
When contacted, Jagmohan Yadav, Additional Director General, CB-CID, said they filed a closure report in Singh’s case in January after officers found that the allegations against him were untrue. The work on projects that were under the scanner were found to be of quality by experts, Yadav said.
On Thursday, Income-Tax officials started raids at the residence of Singh and the premises of companies connected to his wife, Kusumlata, to investigate alleged tax evasion in the sale of plots in Noida.
According to Director General (Investigation), Krishna Saini, the I-T officials seized over 2kg of gold and diamond jewellery and Rs 10 lakh in cash from Singh’s house. They also seized Rs 10 crore in cash found in an SUV, the key to which was found at the residence of Rajendra Minocha, a director of Mcconn Infra Private Limited. Kusumlata was director of this firm till 2012-13, officials said.
According to Saini, the I-T officials also seized documents and papers from Singh’s residence and now have details of what they claim were “commissions” paid from various deals related to the award of contracts for infrastructure projects.
An official said Rs 40 lakh was seized from the residence of Anil Peshawari, a partner in Meenu Creations, a designer attire firm which has listed Kusumlata as a director. The officials also seized stock worth Rs 12.5 crore from Meenu Creations’ office and Rs 40 lakh in cash.
The raids concluded on Friday.

FM: Will implement a large number of FSLRCproposalsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:11 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:26 pm
The government will implement a large number of the recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC) through administrative and legislative measures.
Jaitley said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions. “As the progress of reforms continues, I have not the least doubt that a large number of FSLRC recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Jaitley said at a seminar here. The commission, chaired by Justice (retd) BN Srikrishna, which submitted its report on March 22, 2013, suggested dramatic changes to the financial sector’s regulatory architecture.
These include putting in place an Indian Financial Code that will replace the bulk of existing laws in the financial sector and creating a single regulator for pension, equity, insurance and commodities markets. The Commission has proposed that the RBI be mandated to tackle inflation or boost growth but promised to review its regulatory structure.
The Indian Express had reported on November 27 that President Pranab Mukherjee made an unusual intervention and took up the issue of implementing the FSLRC report with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
However, Jaitley did not commit any timeframe. Neither did he announce implementation of any specific proposal. The Finance Minister said the country has moved away from state-regulated mechanism to one where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in various sectors.
“We need to institutionalise the mechanism. We need the best practices in India…the best global practices. The Commission’s report is an extremely important step in developing that framework,” Jaitley said.
Meanwhile, at an awards ceremony, the finance minister accused the Congress of following an obstructionist approach and said that the government was committed to going ahead with reforms measures to take India back to original potential of 8 per cent economic growth a PTI report said.
Rajan changed  views after becoming RBI Guv: Srikrishna
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on FSLRC recommendations, its Chairman BN Srikrishna on Saturday said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank. “In his 2009 report ‘A 100 Steps’, Dr Rajan wrote ‘regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals’,” Srikrishna said.
India to touch 8-9% growth, says President
India will soon attain an 8-9 per cent annual growth rate and become a $3-trillion economy, President Pranab Mukherjee said today even as he stressed that there should be clarity as to the true meaning of development.

Orissa oppn seeks AGsresignationBy: Express News Service | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:10 am
A day after the Orissa Assembly Speaker refused to allow any discussion on the chit fund scam, citing an advisory from the Advocate General as the matter was sub-judice, the opposition Congress and BJP Saturday demanded the resignation of AG Surya Prasad Mishra, alleging that he was counsel to chit fund group Seashore.
In a memorandum to President Pranab Mukherjee, the BJP requested him to intervene in the matter, saying that there is a deliberate attempt to stall the proceedings of the House and throttle the voice of the Opposition.
“There is a complete democratic deadlock and the legislature has been paralysed. It has been noticed over the last few years, that the executive too is being prevented from functioning in the interest of the people… Both the legislature and executive have been brought to a standstill. The transaction of business of the House is governed only by the Rules and Procedures and not the advice of the AG,” state BJP president K V Singhdeo said.
In the morning, both BJP and Congress members gave separate memorandums to Governor S C Jamir. The BJP in its memorandum asked if the AG should be allowed to decide what is to be discussed in the House, especially when there is clear “conflict of interest”. Leader of Opposition and Congress leader Narasingha Mishra alleged that the AG was earlier an advocate of the chit fund company and hence should not have given any comments on chit fund related issues.

Congress launches social media campaign againstgovtBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:06 am
The Congress has launched a social media campaign to target the Narendra Modi-led government, focusing on “U-turns” it has done on its promises in the past six months.
The campaign on Twitter, with the theme “#UTurn Sarkar”, began Saturday with a post by Ajay Maken, chairman of the party’s Communication Department. The tweet said “six months have passed; It’s U-turn government”.
Later in the day, another Maken tweet alleged the BJP government has “performed at an average, one #UTurn every week”.
He took on Home Minister Rajnath Singh for his stand on Chinese incursions, saying “On China only talk and no walk.”

AI flights from Delhi delayed due to glitch in check-insystemBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:05 am
At least 50 Air India flights were delayed, many by more than two hours, after the passenger check-in system of the national carrier at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi failed in the early hours of Saturday.  The glitch and the delays led to chaos at the airport.
All passengers and luggage had to be checked in manually between 7 am and noon, after which officials said the system was restored, even as the flight delays had a cascading effect till late in the afternoon.
Air India officials at the airport said at least 50 flights were delayed through Saturday, including 15 international flights. “We had to manually check in all passengers and luggage, which delayed the entire process. The delay in international flights was much more,” an airport official said.
A spokesperson for Air India said the airline’s check-in system, installed by SITA, was down “globally”. “SITA check-in system was down globally between 7 am and 10.30 am. Manual check-in was being done as quickly as possible. The system is up and running now. We regret the inconvenience,” he said. He said an investigation is under way to know what caused the glitch and a report would be available by Monday.
A spokesperson for SITA, meanwhile, said only Air India’s system at the IGI airport was affected during the glitch and that the matter is being investigated.

Sisodia  Rakhi Birla on AAPs second list of pollcandidatesBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:05 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 7:15 pm
Even as the date for Delhi Assembly polls is yet to be announced, the AAP on Saturday announced its second list of candidates which features heavyweights like Manisha Sisodia and Rakhi Birla.
While the party has declared AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal as their chief ministerial candidate who will be contesting the New Delhi Assembly seat again, his name has not figured on the first or second lists.
Sisodia and Birla — both former Delhi Cabinet ministers — will be contesting from Patparganj and Mangolpuri seats, respectively.
Other MLAs who have been renominated include Dinesh Mohania from Sangam Vihar, Madan Lal from Kasturba Nagar and Prakash Jarwal from Deoli constituency.
Senior AAP leader Gopal Rai has been fielded from the Babarpur again even though he lost during the last polls.
Despite reports that the AAP was unhappy with the work done by its Trilokpuri MLA Raju Dhingan during the riots which broke out in the area, the party has fielded him from the same constituency.
Incidentally, the party has decided to field former BJP councillor Raghavendra Shaukeen from Nangloi Jat. Shaukeen won the 2007 municipal corporation polls from Kamruddin Nagar in Nangloi Jat as an independent candidate. Following that, he joined the the BJP and contested the 2012 municipal elections as a BJP candidate.
Another candidate is a former BSP councillor from Ballimaran, Imran Hussain, who has been fielded from the same seat. Former DPCC general secretary Hazari Lal who joined the AAP recently has been fielded from Patel Nagar instead of party MLA Veena Anand.

Patna stampede: Probe holds police  PMC  administrationresponsibleWritten by Santosh Singh | Patna |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:04 am
The two-member team of Bihar Home Secretary and Additional Director General of Police, which probed the October 3 Dussehra stampede at Patna’s Gandhi Maidan, fixed cumulative responsibility for lapses on Patna district administration, police, traffic police and Patna Municipal Corporation. Thirty-three people were killed in the stampede that took place during the Ravan Vadh function.
Principal Secretary, Home, Amir Subhani said that the report submitted to the CM recommended the government construct four big gates with watch-towers at the Gandhi Maidan. “We have recommended that senior officials be deputed to monitor big events at Gandhi Maidan. Proper lighting and security arrangements and evacuation plan must also be put in place to help avoid any untoward incident in the future,” Subhani said. Additional director general of police Gupteshwar Pandey was the other member of the team.
Subhani identified darkness in large part of Gandhi Maidan, rumour of a hanging live wire and no proper exit plan as the main reasons for the stampede. Asked why no individuals were identified for lapses, Subhani said: “It was cumulative responsibility of district administration, district police, PMC and traffic police to ensure sound arran-gements. We found that several magistrates had been absent from their duties.”

The Great Bengal Swindle: Srinjoy Bose in judicial custody till Dec5By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:45 am
A city court on Saturday remanded Trinamool Congress Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose to judicial custody on a prayer by the CBI which had arrested him for his alleged complicity in the multi-crore Saradha chitfund scam.
Rejecting Bose’s bail prayer, additional chief judicial magistrate of Alipur Court Kingshuk Sadhu remanded him to judicial custody till December 5. Bose, who was in CBI custody since his arrest on November 21, prayed that he be released on bail as he was unwell and submitted that he would comply with any condition set by the court.
The CBI counsel opposing it prayed for Bose’s judicial remand claiming he was an influential person and if released on bail could try to influence witnesses. The investigating agency had got Bose in its custody for a total of seven days for interrogation and prayed that he be sent on judicial remand.
According to the earlier submission by his counsel, the MP was in no way connected with the dealings of Saradha Group and his newspaper establishment ‘Sangbad Pratidin’, of which he is the Editor, was only a service provider in terms of news content and programmes to Saradha Group chief Sudipto Sen-owned TV channel for which a fee was charged.
The prosecution submitted that huge money had been given to ‘Sangbad Pratidin’ by the Saradha Group, raised through various schemes, out of which a substantial portion was diverted.

Launchpad: A newadventureBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:32 am
Nikon 1
Rs 24,950
Nikon India has launched three new Nikon 1 interchangeable lens waterproof digital cameras in India. The new models are AW1, V3 and J4. The Nikon 1 AW1 with 11-27.5mm F/3.5-5.6 kit (Black) costs Rs 39,950, Nikon 1 V3 with 10-30mm PD lens kit (Black) is priced at Rs 43,950 and the Nikon 1 J4 with 10-30mm PD lens kit (Black and White) costs
Rs 24,950. The Nikon 1 AW1 is waterproof to a depth of 15m and can withstand shock of falls from up to 2m and is freeze proof up to -10 degrees. This is the first Nikon 1 camera to be equipped with a vari-angle LCD monitor.
Asus PadFone Mini
Cheapest hybrid
Rs 15,999
Asus has announced its smartphone-tablet hybrid called PadFone mini in India at a price of Rs 15,999. The PadFone mini combines a 4-inch smartphone and a 7-inch tablet. It runs on Android 4.3 Jelly Bean with ZenUI. The device is expected to receive Android 4.4 KitKat upgrade. The 4-inch dual-SIM smartphone comes with a 7-inch tablet dock. The device runs on 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Atom Z2560 processor with 1GB RAM and 8GB internal memory which can be expanded up to 64 GB. The PadFone mounts an 8 MP rear camera and a 2MP front-facing camera. It is powered by 1,170mAh non-removable battery.
Pioneer Todoroki
Price: NA
Musical storm
Pioneer India has introduced its 2015 product line-up specially designed for Indian customers. The new range comprised of eight new models of AV players, nine new CD & USB players, seven new speaker variants, six sub-woofers models. The products are priced in the range of Rs 1,200 to Rs 29,990. Pioneer introduced a new TODOROKI EQ technology touting it to provide a musical storm experience on-the-go. TODOROKI EQ is meant for those who want to enjoy their music in an amplified manner. Japanese engineers designed this EQ curve technology after listening to more than 1,000 Indian songs.
Microsoft Lumia 535
Rs 9,199
First Microsoft phone
Microsoft Mobile has launched its first Lumia smartphone without the Nokia branding in India after it had acquired the Finnish handset maker. The Lumia 535 Dual SIM is the first smartphone in India to feature Microsoft branding. Priced at Rs 9,199, Lumia 535 will available from November 28 both offline as well as online. Lumia 535 Dual SIM runs on Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim update and comes with a 5-inch IPS LCD display with a qHD (540×960 pixels) resolution at a density of 220ppi with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection.

Stores seek edge over e-tailers with onlineordersBy: Reuters | Chicago |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:28 am
Brick-and-mortar merchants are seeking an edge over Amazon.com Inc and other e-tailers this holiday season by encouraging customers to pick up online orders at their local store. But the tactic could raise costs — and create problems managing inventory, retail analysts and consultants said.
The increased emphasis on store pick-up comes in response to last year’s debacle, when millions of holiday packages were left stranded after a late surge of express-delivery orders overwhelmed retailers.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Target Corp, Best Buy Co Inc and Lowe’s Cos Inc and other merchants are combining in-store pickup with lower online prices to draw shoppers to their stores. The hope? Customers will make additional purchases.
But the shift is forcing chains to carry a wider array of products and could overwhelm inventory management systems. Also: many stores might not have storage for all the extra goods.
“Most retailers are still trying to figure out where is the right place to position this additional inventory…a lot of them aren’t quite prepared,” said Michael DuVall, a supply chain consultant for Strategy&, formerly Booz & Co.
A supply chain consultant who works with Wal-Mart, and spoke on condition of anonymity, said the retailer’s inventory costs are growing because Wal-Mart is stocking additional merchandise so it can fulfill online orders being picked up at stores.
“They are having a hard time keeping that (stock) consistent with what they need,” the consultant said.
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman, in response to the consultant, said the company has inventory and processes in place for the holiday season.
Best Buy CEO Hubert Joly acknowledged inventory management is a challenge. “Stores that boost inventory to meet just the in-store pickup demand face a risk of being stuck with excess,” Joly told Reuters. Still, he added, the chain has a lot of experience with in-store pickups. Forty percent of Best Buy’s online revenue already comes from orders picked up in the store.
Some retailers, meanwhile, are establishing special distribution centres called “dark warehouses,” partly because traditional storage facilities can’t handle the small daily quantities associated with store pickup.
Dark warehouses, so-named because they are almost always unmanned, cater to five to 25 stores at once. Truck drivers drop off and stock the merchandise; stores send small teams to collect the goods.
A retailer might spend $1 million to set up a 100,000-square-foot dark warehouse, DuVall said, but that would still be less costly than storing the additional inventory.

Were going to miss that cheekygrinPrint
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:26 am
“Words cannot express how we feel as a team right now. To Greg, Virginia, Jason and Megan, we share in the deep pain that you’re feeling. Apart from when he was at home on the farm with his beloved cattle, Hughesy was at his happiest playing cricket for his country with his mates. Things were all put into perspective when Hughesy said ‘where else would you rather be boys, but playing cricket for your country’.
“We’re going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green is about and what it means to us all. the world lost one of its great blokes this week, and we are all poorer for it. Our promise to Hughesy’s family is that we will do everything we can to honour his memory. Last night I asked Cricket Australia if Hughesy’s Australian one day international shirt No. 64, could be retired, to which they agreed. That means so much.
“His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives. We’d like to thank everyone both here and overseas for the touching tributes to Hughesy in recent days. Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace, Bruzzy.”

Spend 2 hours a week for Swachh Abhiyan  Health dept tellsstaffWritten by Pritha Chatterjee | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:25 am
The Delhi Health department has directed all its employees, and hospitals and medical colleges under it to “spare at least two hours weekly” for the Swachh Bharat drive in “office and residential areas.” The order was issued by special secretary of the department Madhu Garg on November 21.
The order states, “The two hours should not be from office hours/duty hours. One hour should be utilised for cleaning office premises and one hour for cleaning residential areas where they (employees) reside,” It also said employees should keep a record of the activities done and provide it when asked.
The order also asks all heads of institutions to “ensure that the order is brought to the notice of all employees”. Officials who received the order said they were in the process of “understanding” its finer points, particularly on maintaining records.
“It is not clear what the order means on “keeping a record of cleaning practices in the employees’ residential areas”. Hopefully, we will get a clearer picture during the periodical meetings the department holds with heads of institutions,” a medical superintendent of a North Delhi government hospital said.
“We have sent weekly reports of sanitation drives held in hospitals since October. We have circulated the new order to departments heads this week. While it is not very clear, we know that the department wants staff to take the drive seriously, even at a personal level,” an official from a Central Delhi hospital said.

Procter & Gamble exploring sale of $7 bn Wella hair careunitBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:24 am
Procter & Gamble Co is working with Goldman Sachs to explore the sale of its Wella hair care business that could be worth around $7 billion, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters, as the world’s largest consumer products company streamlines its business.
P&G is exploring all options for the unit, which includes a professional and a trade business. That may result in selling the whole or parts, the sources said on Friday, cautioning that no final decision had been taken.
A P&G spokesman said the company did not comment on rumour or speculation. Goldman Sachs was not immediately available to comment.
Cincinnati-based P&G said in August it would shed 80 to 100 slow-growing product lines in order to focus on about 80 brands such as Tide laundry detergents and Pampers diapers which generate most of its profit and revenue.
In November, it announced the sale of its Duracell battery unit to Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc and it has already sold the bulk of its pet food business to Mars Inc and Spectrum Brand Holdings Inc.

Juvenile held for kidnap  murder of boy; he wanted to buy smartphone:PoliceBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:22 am
Police on Saturday apprehended a juvenile for allegedly kidnapping a six-year-old boy and murdering him. The boy was kidnapped from Central Delhi’s Ranjeet Nagar area on Thursday.
Police said during questioning, the juvenile revealed that he needed money to buy a smartphone. He knew the boy and was aware that his father was rich. He thought the boy’s father would not refuse to pay the ransom.
According to police, the child, Ganesh, went missing from outside his home. His father, Promod Kumar, reported the matter to police. Kumar also received a ransom call for Rs 1.5 lakh.
“A case was registered at Ranjeet Nagar police station,” a police officer said.
However on Friday, the child’s body was found in a park in Naraina. On the basis of local intelligence, police found that the boy was last seen playing with a juvenile who stays in the area.
“The juvenile was questioned in the presence of his parents. He then confessed to his involvement in the crime. He said he needed money to buy an expensive mobile phone. So, he decided to kidnap the child. He killed the child to avoid being identified,” JCP Sandeep Goel said.
“He lured Ganesh by telling him he would let Ganesh play mobile games and killed him in an isolated spot in Naraina’s Satya Park. He stabbed the child multiple times till he died. The juvenile then made a ransom call using a SIM card that he stole from his neighbor,” Goel said.
After killing the child, the juvenile returned home and washed his clothes. He then involved himself in searching for the child to avoid being suspected, Goel said.
Police have recovered the stolen SIM card, mobile phone and bloodstained clothes. The juvenile will be produced before a magistrate, police said.

Australia-India series opener at Gabba postponed  Phillip Hughes funeral on December3By: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:21 am
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes will be buried in his home town on Wednesday, Cricket Australia said on Saturday, forcing the indefinite postponement of the Test match against India which was scheduled to begin the following day.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said it would have been unreasonable to expect the players to get the four-Test series underway less than 24 hours after Hughes was laid to rest in Macksville, New South Wales.
“Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question,” he said in a statement.
“We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times.”
Ticket sales for the match at the Gabba in Brisbane had been suspended and a new date would be set after consultation with the BCCI, broadcasters and stadium officials, Sutherland added.
Australia captain Michael Clarke earlier gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the players when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to his friend.
Battling to hold back tears, he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said.
NUMBER RETIRED
“We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.
“The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Cricketers and fans around the world paid tribute to Phillip Hughes via a social media campaign by leaving their cricket bats out and sharing a picture with the message #putoutyourbats on Twitter
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and an indication of how deeply his death has affected his fellow professionals came in Sharjah, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine, as it has been for more than a century.
ROW OF BATS
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were much in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and Adelaide, where Hughes played his state cricket for South Australia for the last couple of years.
The fate of the first Test against India had been in the balance even before Hughes died of his horrific injury as many of the Australia team were among his closest friends.
TV rights make an incoming tour by the India Test team by far the most lucrative in the world game so cancellation of the Brisbane match is unlikely.
There is precious little room for manoeuvre, however, with the second Test scheduled to take place in Adelaide from Dec. 12-16 with the third starting on Boxing Day (Dec. 26) in Melbourne and the fourth in Sydney running from Jan. 3-7.

Star Cricketer Dead At 25 After Being Struck By BallPhil Hughes, Star Cricketer, Dead At 25
Posted:
Updated:
11/27/2014 12:59 am EST
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - NOVEMBER 25:  Phil Hughes of South Australia looks on during day one of the Sheffield Shield match between New South Wales and South Australia at Sydney Cricket Ground on November 25, 2014 in Sydney, Australia.  (Photo by Ryan Pierse - CA/Cricket Australia/Getty Images) | Ryan Pierse - CA via Getty Images
reddit
SYDNEY (AP) — Test batsman Phillip Hughes died in a Sydney hospital on Thursday, two days after being struck in the head by a cricket ball during a domestic first-class match. He was 25.
"It is my sad duty to inform you that a short time ago Phillip Hughes passed away," Australian team doctor Peter Brukner said in a statement. "He never regained consciousness following his injury on Tuesday."
Brukner said Hughes was not in pain before he died, and was surrounded by family and close friends.
"As a cricket community we mourn his loss and extend our deepest sympathies to Phillip's family and friends at this incredibly sad time," Brukner said.
Messages of support poured in from all around the world since Hughes collapsed after being hit behind the left ear after mis-timing a shot to a short-pitch delivery while batting for South Australia against New South Wales in a Sheffield Shield match on Tuesday. He underwent emergency surgery at nearby St. Vincent's Hospital and remained in a critical condition in an induced coma.
Australia captain Michael Clarke was among the dozens of teammates, former teammates and cricket officials who visited hospital in the following days.
Deaths are rare in cricket, although Hughes is the second player in two years to sustain a fatal blow.
Darryn Randall, who was 32 and a former first-class player in South Africa, was killed after being struck on the side of the head during a Border Cricket Board Premier League match in the Eastern Cape last year.
Images of Hughes collapsing face first at the Sydney Cricket Ground were broadcast almost instantly across Australia on Tuesday, when satellite TV trucks and dozens of news crews started reporting regular updates on his condition from outside the hospital.
Hughes played 26 test matches for Australia after making his debut 2009, but was not able to earn a regular spot in the starting lineup.
The injury sparked debate about short-pitch bowling in the game, the level of protection offered by helmets that first came into common use at the test level in the late 1970s, and the seemingly slow reaction time of the ambulance service as Hughes was treated on the field.
Bouncers, where a fast bowler aims to push the batsman back toward the stumps with a ball that lands halfway down the pitch and rears up above chest or head height, are still a regular and acceptable part of the game.
The International Cricket Council revised its laws on short-pitch bowling in the early 1990s, putting restrictions on the number of short-pitch balls allowed per over to stamp out bowlers merely using the delivery to intimidate batsmen.
More:

Banks Behaving Badly: Are You Funding Cluster Bombsreddit
The bomb fell over there. If you like, I can show you the crater. It exploded and shattered the window. [My wife] was standing next to the window. The fragments shattered the window and cut her carotid artery. I wanted to run in the opposite direction, but I heard people screaming, "Uncle Vanya! Uncle Vanya! Aunt Raya was killed!"
In October 2014, in eastern Ukraine, Ivan described his wife's death to Human Rights Watch in terms that were in some ways quite clinical yet also very desperate.
One wonders what Ivan is doing now, what support he is getting to cope with the loss of his wife, and whether those who launched the cluster munitions that killed Raya are aware that the weapon is internationally banned by the majority of the world, and that it should never, under any circumstance, be used in modern warfare. One also has to ask who gave the orders for this weapon to be used. Governments and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights are pressing for answers on this recent use of cluster munitions in Ukraine.
This week campaigners against the weapon are also pressing for answers on why any financial institution or bank would choose to be associated with the production of this banned weapon. PAX , a member of the international Cluster Munition Coalition , has released a report revealing the financial institutions backing companies involved in production of cluster munitions.
Sadly, loss of life and limb from cluster munitions is not unusual. Fifty years since they were used in Laos, people still suffer from the daily threat of cluster munition remnants. Some have said that the U.S. bombing of Laos was the equivalent of one planeload of cluster bombs every eight minutes, 24 hours a day, for nine years.  At least 270 million cluster bomblets were dropped as part of the campaign, and approximately 80 million failed to detonate. It's because of the devastating failure rate as well as the impact on civilians at the time of use that cluster munitions are banned under the 2008 Convention on Cluster Munitions. Cluster Munition Monitor records that civilians account for 94 percent of cluster munition casualties.
What is increasingly unusual is countries still using the weapon. Since the international ban was agreed upon, use has been limited to a small number of states remaining outside the global ban on cluster munitions, states such as Syria, which has shown little regard for international humanitarian law across the board.  Each incident of use has been followed by strong international condemnation and usually denial by the states in question, showing a clear desire to disassociate themselves from this discredited weapon.
While production of cluster munitions also has been drastically reduced (18 countries including the UK, Australia, France, Germany, Japan and South Africa have ceased production), it continues to be tolerated in some countries remaining outside the global ban. Seven producers have been researched in the PAX report, from China, Singapore, South Korea and the United States. Financial investments in these seven producers, between June 2011 and September 2014, amount to US $27billion -- that's more than double the GDP of Laos, the country with more cluster munition casualties than any other.
Alarmingly, some of the financial institutions investing in cluster munition producers are based in countries that have already joined the Convention on Cluster Munitions. This raises ethical and legal concerns in countries that should abide by the treaty's prohibitions (including Article 1.1.c, which prohibits assisting "in any activity prohibited to a State Party under this Convention" --  which includes production).
Tolerating investment in cluster munition producers goes against a strong international stigma, and against the norms of international humanitarian law established by the global ban. It's time the UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Spain and other countries that have joined the global ban on cluster munitions regulate the practice of these bad banks to ensure they are not supporting the overseas production of weapons they have already outlawed.
For every cluster munition produced, for every cluster munition used, for every cluster munition that fails to detonate, a civilian, like Ivan's wife Raya, is at too great a risk from death or injury. It's time we ask our banks to put lives before profits, and it's time for governments to put an end to this practice by introducing legislation to stop explosive investments.
Phongsavath Manithong, cluster munition survivor and Handicap International Ban Advocate, Laos (© Handicap International Laos)
Follow Amy Little on Twitter: www.twitter.com/amyjlittle
More:

RSS: Modi our Abhimanyu  he will crosschakravyuhWritten by Shyamlal Yadav | Hardwar |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:05 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:08 am
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat has urged patience while evaluating the performance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying that the government may have changed, but the machinery that runs it was still the same.
Bhagwat was addressing a gathering of sadhus in Hardwar when, according to sources, he compared Modi to Abhimanyu, the popular hero from the Mahabharata who was finally trapped inside a circle of enemy soldiers.
“Hamaare Abhimanyu chakravyuh ko paar karenge (Our Abhimanyu will break through the circle),” the sources quoted Bhagwat as saying.
Bhagwat also told the group of around 50 sadhus at the Parmarth Ashram of former Union minister of state for home Swami Chinmayananda that “swayamsewaks” have come to power and wanted to do good work, the sources added.
“Unke man mein karne ki ichcha hai, dekhna hai kitna kar paate hain (He has the wish to do it, what has to be seen is whether he is actually able to),” Bhagwat reportedly said. “Hamein poora vishwaas hai ki vo hamaari, desh ki aur sant samaaj ki aashaon par khara utrenge (We fully believe that Modi will fulfill RSS hopes and those of the nation and its sadhus).”
While responding to queries from the audience, sources said, Bhagwat referred to the challenges that Modi faced, saying that despite the change in the ruling party, the government machinery — an obvious reference to the bureaucracy — often created obstacles in the way of new initiatives.
According to sources, no one raised the Ram temple issue during the meeting although several saints who are part of that movement were present.

No gun  not a grain of explosive found at Simulia jihadi traininggroundWritten by Subrata Nagchowdhury | Simulia (burdwan) |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:58 am
Nine dilapidated rooms made of mud and bamboo, with peeling walls and a thatched roof, arranged in a rectangular shape. This is Simulia madrasa — the focus of a National Investigation Agency (NIA) probe, an alleged training ground for women “jihadis”, and the so-called nerve centre of a terror network linked to the Burdwan blast in West Bengal.
The Simulia cluster of five villages from which the madrasa derives its name, located around 35 km from Burdwan, is surprised at the charges. The villagers, mostly Muslim, say they saw no sign of such activities.
Findings of the probe so far, in fact, point to Simulia madrasa being a radical Islamic centre than a training ground for “jehadis”, with not one gun or any explosive being found. What is also clear is that it drew its girl students from outside the Simulia area. Barring one family, nobody from the villages here sent their girls there to study. Since the Burdwan blast though, Borhan Sheikh and Yousuf Sheikh, who helped set up the madrasa, are absconding.
The two had also bought land to set up another madrasa in Simulia, about half a kilometre away. Work on it has been halted.
According to the NIA, the Simulia madrasa was the centre for arms training for women cadres linked to the Jamaat-ul-Mujaheedin Bangladesh, with at least 25 of them receiving training there.
While most of these women, it claims, have gone underground, it is on the testimony of the two in custody, Razia and Alima, that the whole case rests. The wives of two Burdwan blast accused and victims, the two have reportedly told police that they had spent some time at Simulia madrasa where they received radical Islamic teachings and also physical and arms training. The two also said that most of the recruits at the madrasa were from Murshidabad, Nadia and some parts of Burdwan.
Rosula Biwi’s land borders the madrasa spread over 6,300 sq ft of land. The family survives on a nursery that her two daughters have grown on the plot. Looking for explosives, the NIA had drained the pond on Rosula’s land but found nothing.
Says Rosula, “Even if a cycle tyre bursts here, people get to know. Being next-door neighbours, won’t we get to know if there was shooting practice at the madrasa?”
About 20 yards away, lives Sakina Biwi. As her grandson and grand-daughters Salma, Naseema and Habiba crowd around her, she explains why the family didn’t send the girls to the madrasa. “It is a purdah madrasa (where women have to wear a veil). We did not want to put our kids there to learn religious scripts.”
The girls go instead to the government school at Krishnabati, about 2 km away.
However, she doesn’t believe the charges continued…

Mufti to Modi: Only way forward is VajpayeewayWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:58 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:21 pm
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) patron and a serious contender for the post of J&K CM, Mufti Mohammad Sayeed, has said that there’s only one way for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to solve the Kashmir issue and end “hostility” with Pakistan — the “Vajpayee way”.
Speaking to The Sunday Express, in the midst of Assembly elections in the state, the 78-year-old former chief minister said that “Modi has no option but to come around to that path”, referring to the strategy that was adopted by the previous NDA government under A B Vajpayee. “The rest is a waste of time,” Mufti said.
The former Union home minister also termed the BJP’s slogan of Mission 44 for the J&K polls a “childish” ambition and warned that the tone and tenor of the party’s campaign in the state would create long-term problems. Mufti accused the BJP of trying to polarise votes in Jammu and described the strategy as “dangerous”.
The PDP is being seen as a frontrunner during these polls, with Mufti as the driving force behind the party’s rising fortunes.
“The writing is on the wall,” he said. “The only way forward is through dialogue.
Modi had started well right at the time of the swearing-in. I don’t know why but they squandered it. He has to adopt the Vajpayee way. There isn’t any other way.”
Pointing out that Modi was a younger politician, Mufti said that the more time the PM spends in office, things would become clear. “Vajpayee was also from the same party,’’ Mufti said. “I have seen things for way too long to know that there isn’t any other option.”
Elaborating on the “Vajpayee way”, Mufti said that the process that was initiated by the PDP-led government in J&K with the support of the Vajpayee-led NDA at the Centre “forms the fundamentals of a solution” to the larger Kashmir issue.
“Nothing was done to take this initiative forward ever since we left the government. If we come to power, we will work to formalise this process,” he said.
Explaining the vision behind that process, Sayeed said, “When you travel across Europe, you don’t even realise you have crossed borders. They are meaningless. That’s what we intended to do here too.
“We opened the Line of Control and people of the state (from either side) could travel across the LoC without any passport or a visa. There was no customs duty. This was the beginning. These measures were very important because they were an acknowledgment that the people living on either side of the LoC are part of one state.”
Unlike in the previous elections, the PDP’s poll manifesto that was released on Friday places much emphasis on economics – and not the politics of its self-rule doctrine – as a solution to the Kashmir problem. It talks about the party’s “self rule document” as a “guiding framework for resolution”, but then restricts itself to “closer ties across the LoC, and economic and social integration of the region”.
The manifesto, however, has specifically focussed on making “borders irrelevant, complete connectivity, (and a) regional free trade area and common economic market”, apart from “innovative” institutional arrangements and constitutional restructuring across LoC.
“These are all fundamentals that will lead to self rule,” Mufti said.
Turning to the BJP’s election strategy, particularly in Jammu, after its good performance in the Lok Sabha polls, Mufti said, “I have no doubt that our state cannot afford such polarisation, such divide, along communal lines. This state has to be a cohesive unit and we must not allow any division along communal lines because it is not in the interests of anybody within Jammu and Kashmir.”
Mufti said he was confident that “this polarisation (ahead of the polls) could be resolved”.
“Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah and Pandit Nehru brought Kashmir into India but nobody has ever worked to bring Jammu closer to Kashmir. I am trying to do that,” he said.
Mufti added that he has been spending a lot of time in Jammu, talking to people there. “Each time I leave for Jammu, Mehbooba ji asks me (sarcastically) about how many seats we would win there, because I spend so much time there.”
Explaining his understanding of the situation in Jammu, Mufti said, “The issues of people in Jammu are fundamentally different from that of those in Kashmir. They are not concerned about issues related to accession and the Kashmir issue. Their issues are related to governance and progress, and we are seriously focussing on that. And as we are trying to connect with them, they also have expectations from us.”
Mufti is certain that the BJP will not be able to sweep through Jammu this time. “How many seats can they win in the Chenab valley and Pirpanchal districts? Not more than a few. I don’t think they (BJP) can polarise voters in Jammu to an extent that they sweep (the polls) there.”
Recalling the 1983 elections in Jammu, when the Congress got 24 of its 26 seats in Jammu, Mufti said, “That wave was much more intense”.
In that election, when Mufti was the state Congress chief, the poll verdict showed a clear divide along regional and communal lines – while National Congress (NC) swept through the valley and took a few seats in Chenab valley, Pirpanhal and Kargil to reach 46, Jammu’s Hindu-majority constituencies went to Congress. But when NC formed the government, the Jammu’s Hindu-majority felt left out and that led to resentment. The Centre intervened and the government lasted for only 13 months.
Mufti’s latest approach to Jammu, where BJP is expecting a consolidation of Hindu votes, is based on his understanding of the fallout of the 1983 verdict, which led to a Congress-engineered split in the NC. It also triggered a series of events that led an NC-Congress coalition in the 1987 polls that was widely believed to have been rigged and which created an atmosphere conducive to the rise of militancy in 1989.
With the Congress going on to play the role of a kingmaker since 2002, aligning separately with NC and PDP to stay in power for 12 straight years, Mufti said, “They (Congress ministers) were in power for two consecutive terms but they squandered all chances to strengthen themselves in Jammu. Instead they filled their own homes. The only thing they did was corruption in the last six years.”
He claimed that when the Congress was in alliance with PDP, his party “had checked” the corruption. “And I didn’t have Rahul Gandhi as well,’’ Mufti added, taking a dig at Omar Abdullah’s friendship with the Congress leader that was seen as one of the reasons why the party preferred NC as a partner after the 2008 polls.
“Congress gave them (BJP) a chance. But again, I will say it isn’t going to be like the Lok Sabha polls,” Mufti said.
On a personal note, Mufti said that he had met PM Modi only once at a CMs’ conference in 2002, “when he hugged me”. “I don’t even know most of the (Central) ministers as well,” he said. “I know Arun Jaitley very well. Arun Jaitley, Arun Shourie and (B C) Khanduri were very co-operative with us during the previous NDA government,’’ he added.
“The picture that is in front of me is not in front of you. I see an alternative to the current situation. I am hopeful.”
THE MUFTI FILE
* In active politics for 52 years, he became a Dy Minister in J&K in 1967. Led J&K Congress after Sheikh Abdullah took over the government. Drew a blank in the valley in polls from 1977 till 1995 when he won the Lok Sabha seat from south Kashmir. Had earlier won a Lok Sabha election from Muzzafarnagar.
* In 1987, he resigned as Union Minister and later from the Congress in protest against the party’s alleged “complacency” during the anti-Muslim riots in Meerut. Joined V P Singh and became Home Minister in the Janata Dal government. The kidnapping of his daughter Rubaiya and her release in exchange for top militant commanders became a major controversy.
* Returned to Congress but couldn’t get candidates to fight the 1996 polls and fielded his family members – daughter Mehbooba from Bijbehara, wife from Pahalgam, and brother-in-laws from Qazigund and Dooru. Felt the need to start a regional party to counter NC, and formed PDP in 1999 as a Kashmir-centric party. Became J&K CM in 2002.

Now  Akhilesh govt to present one depts report card adayBy: Express News Service | Lucknow |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:56 am
The tongue lashing doled out by Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and his officials for not translating projects at ground level seems to have spurred the state government into action. The government will now hold media briefings everyday detailing the achievements of one department.
On Saturday, Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan highlighted the progress of infrastructure and industrial development department.
Ranjan told a press conference that during the present government till September this year, 96,041 industrial units were set up with an investment of Rs 11,872.58 crore providing direct employment to 7.76 lakh and indirect employment to 1.49 lakh.
“People used to say that there is no congenial atmosphere for industrial development in the state. We are creating industry friendly atmosphere. We have introduced single window clearance facility for industries where online applications can be submitted and tracked,” Ranjan said.
Presenting the report card, Ranjan said several projects initiated by nine industry giants, including Reliance Cements, Shree Cements, Samsung, Paswara Papers, Indo Gulf Fertilisers, K K Milk, Gallant Ispat Limited and Vatmart Packaging, are in final stages. The projects entail investment of Rs 200 to Rs 500 crore.
Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) managing director Manoj Kumar Singh informed that a smart city trans-Ganga project is coming up in an area of 1,270 acres in Unnao. A planned project, it will have 45-floor high buildings, an auto exhibition pavilion and non-polluting industrial units. The CM will lay the foundation of the project December 11.
Another project, Plastic City, will take off in Auraiyya in January with CM handing allotment letters to industrialists. Akhilesh will lay foundation stone of another project of Sangam industrial city on 1,200 acres of land at Naini. State government has also cleared all hurdles for handing 140 acres of land to Maitreya Foundation in Kushinagar. The Kushinagar international airport, which failed to attract private bidders, will now be constructed by Airport Authority of India. Amul will also invest Rs 642 crore for its three units in Lucknow, Kanpur and Varanasi. Rail Neer will set up its units in Rae Bareli and Ghaziabad while Kribhco has created is logistic park in Modinagar and another one will come up at Shahjahanpur.

Now a Bareilly mystery: A fire  alleged rape  and a dead  pregnant15-yr-oldWritten by Shalini Narayan | Khudaganj (bareilly) |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:51 am
As the Badaun gangrape story takes a new turn, less than 50 km away, a girl’s death is caught up in another tale of intrigue, conspiracy and rumours. At the centre of it are a house guarded by 15 PAC personnel in a remote village in Bareilly’s Khudaganj district, and the horrific end met by a pregnant 15-year-old inside.
As theories of an affair, rape, molestation and panchayat politics do the rounds, little else is known for sure.
On November 16 afternoon, villagers had heard the screams of the girl and rushed to the house to find smoke billowing from inside. By the time the doors, reportedly found locked from inside, were broken down, the girl was badly charred.
According to the villagers, a man whom they knew as an acquaintance of the girl’s family had taken her to the Shahjahanpur district hospital. She was shifted from there to a private hospital and later to the Bareilly District Hospital.
The police reportedly did not come to know of the incident till 2 am the next morning, when the victim’s father walked into the Khudaganj police station and filed a complaint that his daughter had been set ablaze by six village youth while trying to resist a molestation bid.
Before the police could reach, the hospitalised girl’s statement had been recorded before the nayab tehsildar. Khudaganj Station House Officer Iftukar Ahmed admits that was unusual. “We are investigating how this happened, considering it usually takes a long process for the nayab tehsildar to get involved in an incident that is not in his area.”
In another statement she recorded before the police as well as the sub-divisional magistrate, the girl said she was alone at home when, around 1:30 pm, six youths of the village had barged in and tried to molest her. “She claimed when she resisted, two of the men had poured kerosene and set her ablaze. She also mentioned that the men had been following her for a few days and had also accosted her near the sugarcane fields in front of her house and threatened to kill her if she informed anyone,” Ahmed said.
The same day, four of the boys named by her were arrested from their houses, including Rakesh (21), Surjit (19) and two minors. Cousins Jitendra and Bijendra, who work at a call centre in Gurgaon, are absconding. While Rakesh is doing his B.Sc. at Khusro Memorial Degree College in Bareilly, Surjit is doing BA from a private university. The two minors, one of whom is the son of the village pradhan, study in a government school.
On November 23, the girl succumbed to her burns. The SHO said they were looking at the continued…

India can grow at 9%  become $10 trillion economyTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Congress demands Odisha Chief Minister s resignation for chitfund scamNov 29, 2014 at  09:42pm IST
Congress demands Odisha Chief Minister's resignation for chitfund scam
3
2
Bhubaneswar: Demanding resignation of Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and his inclusion in the purview of CBI probe into chitfund scam, Congress workers on Saturday launched an agitation by holding demonstrations and rallies in the state.
Congress workers staged demonstrations in district headquarter towns asking the chief minister to step down and face investigation in the multi-crore ponzi scam.
The demonstration in Bhubaneswar was led by Pradesh Congress Committee President Jaydev Jena who said CBI should interrogate the chief minister in connection with the chitfund scam in view of the arrest of several ruling BJD leaders including an MP and MLA in the scam.
Congress workers staged demonstrations in district headquarter towns asking the chief minister to step down.
#congress #chitfund scam #naveen patnaik #odisha
While the state government had earlier spent huge money in opposing a CBI probe into chitfund scam, the investigation being conducted by the central agency following Supreme Court direction had now exposed involvement of several leaders of the ruling BJD, he said.
The demonstrators went in a rally to the office of the additional district magistrate and gave a memorandum listing sevral demands including refund of money to the people who had invested in tainted chitfund companies.
"CBI should initiate probe against the chief minister, interrogate him and slap cases as per law as the central agency has sufficient information about Patnaik's possible involvement in chitfund activities," said Jena and Narasingha Mishra, who is leader of opposition in state assembly.
The PCC chief said Patnaik's close aide and ruling BJD's office secretary Saroj Sahoo was interrogated in the matter by the CBI recently, taking the probe right into Naveen Niwas, the chief minister's residence.
Moreover, despite central government's warning the chief minister had not only allowed tie-up with a chitfund firm but also attended its function, Congress leaders alleged.
Demanding concrete steps by the state government for refund of money to the poor investors, they said assets of the ponzi companies should be confiscated.
Recalling that the chief minister had removed several ministers who came under shadow of corruption in the past, Mishra and other Congress leaders said now Patnaik should apply the same principle in his own case and step down in order to pave way for a fair probe.
Similar demonstrations were held by the party workers in different district headquarter towns in support of their demands, state party spokesman L B Mohapatra said in a statement.
1

Capitals recall Steve Oleksy  place Mike Green on injured reserveBy Alex Prewitt November 29 Follow @alex_prewitt
Steve Oleksy was called up Saturday from Hershey. (AP)
In corresponding moves meant to add depth for their one-game road trip to Toronto, the Washington Capitals have recalled defenseman Steve Oleksy from their American Hockey League affiliate in Hershey, Pa., and placed defenseman Mike Green onto injured reserve, retroactive to Nov. 22.
Green suffered an upper-body injury after a series of hits by the Buffalo Sabres, remaining in the locker room following the second intermission. He missed two games this week, and Coach Barry Trotz said Friday that “there’s a possibility” Green could return Tuesday against Vancouver, at which point he could be activated from injured reserve.
“We’ll just see where he is,” Trotz said, following Washington’s 5-2 victory over the Islanders. “A little slower. It’s nothing long-term, but one of those injuries, where it is and where it does, it hampers you a little bit. I don’t think he’ll be too long. Just when he gets comfortable.”
Oleksy’s reassignment, the first from Hershey this regular season not involving forward Chris Brown, adds a seventh defensemen for emergency purposes. Jack Hillen started both Islanders games beside Nate Schmidt in Green’s stead, though Trotz has praised Oleksy before, so it wouldn’t surprise if the 28-year-old sees action, depending on Green’s future status.
In 19 games with Hershey this season, Oleksy has six points (three goals and three assists) and 39 penalty minutes. Over the past two seasons, he has skated 61 games with the Capitals (19 points, 86 penalty minutes), including 33 games last season, when Washington rotated through a league-high 14 defensemen. His addition also gives the Capitals six American defensemen, with Karl Alzner the lone Canadian.
If and when the Capitals decide to reassign Oleksy back to Hershey, he would have to pass through waivers. Oleksy already passed through once before joining the Bears following training camp, after Schmidt and Hillen prevailed among the defensemen competing for the sixth and seventh roster spots.
The puck drops against the Maple Leafs at 7 p.m. Backup goaltender Justin Peters will start for the Capitals.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Lake revamp cast adrift in ChennaiUpdated: November 30, 2014 02:26 IST
Lake revamp cast adrift in Chennai
K. Lakshmi
  Lake revamp cast adrift
Rapid urbanisation has changed the condition of the city’s precious water resources and even wiped a few off the map. Though the Water Resources Department is making an attempt to restore some of them, more often than not there are road blocks
Historically, civilisations settled along waterways, and were key to settlements coming up. However, today, as settlements expand the city, the fate of its waterways, including the lakes, is being questioned.
During the 1980s, a research project of Anna University had estimated that there were nearly 400 water bodies in the Chennai region. But, subsequently, rapid urbanisation has changed the condition of these precious resources and even wiped a few off the city’s map.
Though the Water Resources Department (WRD) is making an attempt to restore some of the lakes, more often than not there are road blocks. The lakes in Ayanambakkam and Koilpadagai near Avadi are among the few that have been rejuvenated.
According to the department’s records, the total water spread area of the city’s 19 major lakes, including the nearly extinct tanks in Kolathur and Maduravoyal, has shrunk to 645 hectares — only 50 per cent of the original combined capacity.
The lakes in Chitlapakkam, Sembakkam and Ambattur present classic tales of the sorry state of water bodies in the city. Illegal discharge of sewage, and sheets of water hyacinth that choke the water surface are some of the issues behind the degradation of these lakes. The southern suburbs alone boast of 53 water bodies; but, the WRD struggles to maintain these lakes.
P. Viswanathan, convenor of Chitlapakkam Residents’ Coordination Committee, said rainwater from the catchment areas has been diverted to prevent flow into encroached lakes. A comprehensive underground drainage scheme is the need of the hour, he added.
Within the city, the lakes in Chetpet and Velachery are probably the most affected by surrounding human activity.
The revival of Velachery lake has been hanging fire for several years. Though a number of projects were devised, they are yet to become reality. S. Kumararaja, secretary, Federation of Residents Welfare Associations, said only minor maintenance work was taken up every year. The proposal to develop it as a tourist attraction has also not taken off.
Similarly, residents are concerned over the slow decay of the sprawling Perungudi lake due to sewage and debris. Several representations have been made about a temple built in the lake.
M. Karmegam, former director of Centre for Water Resources, said: “Nearly 40 per cent of Ambattur lake has been encroached upon and Velachery lake has shrunk to one-third of its size.”
Water experts suggest that the government safeguard the available space of the water bodies and convert them into recreational spots. The only solution to save them is to demarcate boundaries and convert a portion of them into percolation ponds to serve as a source of drinking water and groundwater recharge, Mr. Karmegam said.
Meanwhile, the WRD, which has removed encroachments on many lakes, under the Tamil Nadu Protection of Tanks and Eviction of Encroachment Act, 2007, plans to restore them in a phased manner. The lakes in Ambattur, Korattur and Madhavaram will be among the first to be rejuvenated, according to officials.
(With additional reporting by T. Madhavan and R. Srikanth)

TWTW: Kaneez Surka turns weather woman to test north Indian coldHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Do rupaye aur chaar rupayye ka dividend de rahein hain . and we should...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Basics explained: Know your fixed depositsBank deposits are one of the most preferred investment options in India. It is consider safe and not risky, especially in comparison with the stock markets and mutual funds.
Here are 10 things you need to know about term deposits:
1. Types of deposits: There are two key types of term deposits – fixed deposits and recurring deposits. A fixed deposit is where you invest all your money at one-go. A recurring deposit, on the other hand, is when you invest your money in installments.
2. Fixed return: When you opt for a term deposit, you are parking your funds in a particular bank deposit for a fixed period of time. In exchange for holding your money for a longer period of time, banks offer you to pay a fixed interest. This makes a term deposit a very safe option. This interest payment acts as your profit from the investment. Also, senior citizens usually get a higher interest. Currently, fixed deposits offer interest rates up to 10.25%. Recurring deposits usually offer a lower interest rate than fixed deposits.
3. Tenure of your choice: Term deposits come with a variety of tenures – the amount of time the money is held with the bank. This could be as short as 7 days and as long as 10 years.
4. Interest payout: You can decide when you want your interests to be paid. This can be done at the end once the deposit matures. If not, you can opt for regular interest payments on quarterly, half-yearly or annual intervals. Some banks also offer you a choice to reinvest your interest payments.
5. Longer the duration, higher the return: Term deposits offer a wide variety of interest rates. It changes with the duration of the deposit. Greater the duration, larger is the interest rate offered. This is to attract investors to deposit money for as longer a time as possible. Also, the bank pays interests regularly. Over a period of time, this money can either be reinvested in the same deposit or saved in your bank account. This would earn you additional interests, thus increasing your total return.
6. Cheaper borrowing for banks: Banks usually borrow money to give out as loans. The interest payments on loans by borrowers are banks’ key source of income. Banks can borrow from other banks and the Reserve Bank of India. However, these have restrictions are considered costlier. The money you deposit with your bank, on the other hand, acts as a source of cheap borrowing for the bank. However, the money in the savings accounts could be withdrawn any moment by depositors. This increases risks for the banks. For this reason, banks actively try to attract deposits to invest in term deposits. This is because, the amount in deposits are unlikely to be touched for a longer period of time.
7. Breaking a deposit: The only rule of a term deposit is that once you deposit, you cannot touch this money. If you wish to reclaim your deposit amount, you will be fined a particular sum or your total interest payment may be reduced. Sometimes, banks may only allow you to withdraw the money after a certain minimum period. Ensure you get these details before investing.
8. Overdraft against your fixed deposit: If you are in desperate need of liquid cash, and you have withdrawn all of your funds in your bank accounts, you can borrow on the basis of your fixed deposits. This is called the overdraft facility. However, there is a limit to how much you can borrow under this service. Moreover, it may not be interest-free. Check with your banks before opting for the facility.
9. Taxation of deposits: Interest payments on fixed deposits are taxable. This depends on your overall income tax bracket. For example, if you fall in the 20% income tax bracket, your interest payments would be taxed at the same rate. This is why fixed deposits are usually not preferred by those in the 30% bracket. Also, if your total interest payment in a year exceeds Rs 10,000, then the bank cuts 10% as tax deducted at source (TDS). However, if you submit the Form 15G/H to the bank stating you have no taxable income, then the bank will not deduct TDS. You can also split your term deposits across banks to ensure the interest does not exceed Rs 10,000 in a single bank.
10. Tax savings: Banks offer fixed deposits for tax-saving purposes. The amount you save in such deposits can reduce your total taxable income, and thus help you save taxes. Tax-saving deposits have a minimum tenure of 5 years and a maximum of 10 years. The government has also capped the maximum amount you can invest in such a deposit for tax purposes to Rs 1 lakh per year. However, the interest you earn will be taxable.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Pak scholars denied visa for Shibli function:OrganisersWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:09 am
Fourteen Pakistani scholars who were to travel to India over the weekend to attend the centenary celebrations of Shibli Academy in Azamgarh were denied visa even after the Ministry of External Affairs had cleared the trip, organisers of the function have alleged.
Vice-President Hamid Ansari was the chief guest at the inauguration of the three-day conference on Saturday.
The only person from Pakistan who could travel for the event is Professor Mohammed Ali Ghazali, a judge of the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Under SAARC rules, visa regulations do not apply to Supreme Court judges.
Organisers have not been given any reasons for the apparent refusal. Despite repeated attempts, Home Ministry officials were not available for comment.
Scholars from all over the world, including the US, Canada, Egypt, Turkey and Saudi Arabia, are in Azamgarh for the celebrations.
Zafarul Islam Khan, president of the All India Muslim Majlis-e-Mushawrat, who is also chairman of the executive committee of Shibli Academy, told The Sunday Express: “We had invited 15 people from Pakistan, all of them scholars, intellectuals and men of standing. There were no politicians. We had written to the MEA and they had cleared the trip. However the Home Ministry did not give necessary clearances for the visa and only one person from Pakistan could come for the trip.”
At the same time, the academy was tight-lipped on the identities of the 14 who could not travel to India.
Set up in 1914 by Maulana Shibli Nomani, the Darul Musannefeen Shibli Academy was a first of its kind thinktank and research centre of Islamic Studies. It currently specialises in research on Islamic learning, medieval Indian history and oriental studies.
Addressing the inaugural session, Vice-President Ansari paid glowing tributes to the academy. “For a century now, the Shibli Academy has contributed to scholarship, particularly in the field of Seerat-un Nabi, early Islamic history, Quraniyaat, Indian history with a focus on the medieval period, and Urdu, Persian and Arabic literature and literary personalities… India and Indians rightly consider it an essential ingredient of their heritage and an aspect of their multi-dimensional identity,” he said.

Five cities all set for heritage walk  govt inks deal with AhmedabaduniversityPosted: November 30, 2014 4:05 am
BY FAISAL FAREED
Uttar Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (UPTDC) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Centre for Heritage Management of Ahmedabad University for starting heritage walk facility in five major cities —- Lucknow, Agra, Kanpur, Allahabad and Varanasi.
UPTDC has roped in Devashish Nayak, the renowned heritage expert who had designed the existing Lucknow heritage walk, for introducing heritage cycle ride in these cities on lines of some European countries. Besides attracting tourists, it will also sensitise local people who usually take their city for granted. UPTDC has also roped in Lucknow unit of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) and School of Art and Architecture of Lucknow University for providing support to the initiative.
“The heritage walk in these cities will start from February. Some preparations are required. We are developing it along the lines of those in Rome, London, Amsterdam etc,” Dr Shashank Vikram, Managing Director, UPTDC, told The Sunday Express.
Nayak will prepare the route chart for the heritage walk. UPTDC will also soon table heritage walk policy for clearance from the state Cabinet after which any district magistrate (DM) can initiate heritage walk in his district, depending upon the possibility. The heritage walk will also be coupled with several other steps as introducing food walk, textile walk, craft walk and traditions walk among others.
“In Lucknow we plan to start Kabab Crawl like Pub Crawl in London. For this, Lucknow heritage walk will be extended to other localities like Aminabad,” Vikram said.
Heritage Cycle Rides will also be introduced where cycles will be available to the group so it can cover more distance. “It is a common practice in European cities and we will be doing it in UP,” he stated. UPTDC will also introduce volunteers where people from all walks of life will be invited to get trained and earn a certificate to be able to attend to tourists. “We do not want typical guides to accompany the tourists. It can be anyone and they will be provided proper training to accompany the tourists,” he said.

Mr. babuji555  please send me your email address. need to discuss few...Platinum Member
714 Followers
The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a striaght line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business . The best opportunity reside in higher quality mid-caps that have pricing power. Let me suggest few that you should accumulate :::: Marico Kaya - must , MCX , Delta Corp .....MMTC ....REC .so....plan your trade.....so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 191......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 835 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 156 ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 817.....surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1145 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 106.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw, Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , B&A ltd , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Jindal saw, Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , dolphin off, ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.

What p/e would this stock settle at given the industry p/e is 14.5 and...Platinum Member
367 Followers
it is difficult to find the intrinsic value of a business ..... the cash worth is easier to assess ..... the main business being VAS services to all telecom providers like airtel mtnl voda etc ..... it got business thats it ..... also ekka dukka stocks have risen with less fundamentals and businesses and position in trade ..... onmobile is much better and with so much importance given to mobile services the business of ONM will grow by leaps and bounds  seems to be idea behind the hype and expected high eps in future  ..... for initial buy one has to think a lot and determine the BUY price and then follow the markets and act accordingly ..... its ur money and ur risk so invest wisely and dont follow BUY or SELL msgs
In reply to : Rahul39842 message
12.15 PM Nov 30th

Agle do saal ka saara profit capex mein. njoy yr 2.5 rs dividendCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Guys dont worry it is flawless drive for rs 100 by march end 2015....k...Platinum Member
13 Followers
Guys dont worry it is flawless drive for rs 100 by March end 2015....Keep faith in this scrip dont worry abt small ups and dowsn...I am seeing all this since Marksans is rs 5...I have very huge investment in this scrip since rs 5...Happy Investment...
5.05 AM Nov 30th

Here s Why Black Lawmakers Oppose Federal Recognition Of This Virginia TribeHere's Why Black Lawmakers Oppose Federal Recognition Of This Virginia Tribe
 | By                                                                By FREDERIC J. FROMMER
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Several members of the Congressional Black Caucus are urging the Obama administration to withhold federal recognition of a Virginia Indian tribe because of its history of banning intermarriage with blacks.
In January, the Interior Department proposed recognizing the Pamunkey tribe in southeast Virginia, which would make members eligible for special benefits in education, housing and medical care — and allow the tribe to pursue a casino. A decision on recognition, which would be the first for a Virginia tribe, is due by March 30.
The Congressional Black Caucus members urged Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and Attorney General Eric Holder to hold off until the Justice Department investigates any discriminatory practices by the tribe. Neither department has responded to the request, made in a Sept. 23 letter, according to a spokeswoman for Mississippi Democrat Bennie Thompson, who signed the letter.
The letter cited a report by the Interior Department's Bureau of Indian Affairs that quoted tribal law: "No member of the Pamunkey Indian Tribe shall intermarry with anny (sic) Nation except White or Indian under penalty of forfeiting their rights in Town."
The bureau said it had no indication the tribe had changed its ban, but Pamunkey Chief Kevin Brown responded in a letter to the CBC that the ban has been repealed. He said in an interview that the change was made in 2012.
The Bureau of Indian Affairs said that the significant number of Pamunkey-Pamunkey marriages and efforts to encourage them helped satisfy a criterion for federal recognition: that a predominant portion of the group comprises a distinct community and has existed as one from historical times to the present.
The black lawmakers called the government findings disturbing. "The BIA seems to justify the discrimination and surprisingly cites this as a reason" to recognize the tribe, their letter said.
In addition to Thompson, the letter was signed by 10 other Democrats.
Interior Department spokeswoman Nedra Darling said the agency had received the letter and was developing a response. The Justice Department didn't respond to requests for comment.
Brown told the CBC that the intermarriage ban was rooted in Virginia's culture of racism. "Racial intermixture was raised repeatedly as a rationale to divest us of our reservation and our Indian status," he said.
Brown cited Dr. Walter Plecker, registrar of the Virginia Bureau of Vital Statistics in the first half of the 20th century, who ordered that Indians be classified as "colored" on birth and marriage certificates.
"His rationale was, of course, racial intermixture among the Indians," Brown wrote, adding that the "antiquated and now repealed" tribal law was an attempt to protect Indian identity. "It was never an attack on, or reflective of, ill will toward African-Americans."
Asked if Brown's letter changed anything, Thompson's spokeswoman, LeMia Jenkins, responded in an email: "We are looking forward to a response to the concerns raised in the letter to DOI and DOJ. The issues have not been satisfactorily addressed by BIA and require attention."
The tribal intermarriage law was repealed two years after the tribe had submitted materials to the Interior Department for its bid for recognition.
"We have members on our rolls who are married to African-Americans," Brown said.
Earlier this year, MGM National Harbor and Stand Up for California also raised concerns about the tribe's intermarriage ban and challenged the Interior Department's findings that the tribe deserved recognition. MGM Resorts is building a casino at National Harbor in Maryland's Prince George's County, near Washington and about 120 miles north of the Pamunkey reservation. Stand Up for California is a nonprofit group that's pushed for limits on gambling in that state.
"MGM doesn't want any competition on the East Coast, and we would become gaming-eligible," Brown said, adding that the tribe has no plans to open a casino but will take a look at it.
Gordon Absher, a spokesman for MGM Resorts International, said that the company isn't opposed to Indian gambling.
"Given the increasingly competitive environment for both tribal and commercial casino gaming, these advantages should not be indiscriminately bestowed upon entities that cannot demonstrate, through long-established procedures, that they meet the basic criteria for tribal acknowledgment," he said.
___
Follow Fred Frommer on Twitter: http://twitter.com/ffrommer
Also on HuffPost:

Will touch the level of 5 for sure..mark my words..!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

New list is coming arvindjiPlatinum Member
19575 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 7 hrs 4 min 58 sec ago by pavan2032 and 1 others
Congress and allied parties had always supported gambling and allowed all comodities to trade on mcx and result of that inflation skyrockted, now its alltogather different with modi in centre,n speculative activities wil be suported and inflation wil nosedive in coming mnths, big sight of relief for comon and very positive of stok mkts !

I follow you only arvindji. few of my stocks are doing good( i am in p...Platinum Member
19575 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 7 hrs 5 min 1 sec ago by pavan2032 and 1 others
Congress and allied parties had always supported gambling and allowed all comodities to trade on mcx and result of that inflation skyrockted, now its alltogather different with modi in centre,n speculative activities wil be suported and inflation wil nosedive in coming mnths, big sight of relief for comon and very positive of stok mkts !

States and the SaarcWritten by C Raja Mohan |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:00 am
Pakistan’s ambivalence towards economic integration and the minimal gains from the South Asian summit in Kathmandu this week need not necessarily be a setback to India’s agenda for regionalism. As Prime Minister Narendra Modi told the leaders of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc), the region should move forward with all Saarc members if possible, or some of them, if necessary. “The bonds will grow. Through Saarc or outside it. Among us all or some of us,” he declared.
Pakistan, New Delhi must recognise, will only move at a pace that its political class and the army are comfortable with. The rest of the region, however, can move ahead at a faster pace. Pakistan has borders with only India and Afghanistan. India, in contrast, has frontiers with all member states of South Asia except Afghanistan. Modi said in Kathmandu that India’s size and location demand Delhi’s leadership in exploring all possible routes to economic integration.
The Saarc charter allows two or more member states to work out agreements for “subregional cooperation”. China, Japan and the United States, three important observer states, want to actively promote “transregional” cooperation involving members of the Saarc and neighbouring regions such as East Asia and Central Asia. In any case, if India signs bilateral agreements with its neighbours on connectivity and offers overland transit to all of them, a large part of the subcontinent will automatically get integrated.
Pakistan is not alone in holding up regional cooperation. India’s own domestic politics and the security establishment’s conservatism have often undermined the possibilities for regional cooperation. Opposition from West Bengal and Tamil Nadu, for example, has prevented the advancement of India’s engagement with Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, respectively. While Modi said all the right things about regionalism in Kathmandu, the big question is whether he can convince the leaders of India’s border regions to back his ambitious plans for regionalism.
Through the election campaign and since, Modi has talked of “cooperative federalism” and making states partners in promoting economic development. He also argued, somewhat counter-intuitively, that states should be given a role in the nation’s international relations. After all, foreign policy and national security are the exclusive prerogatives of the Central government.
Modi’s proposition also came at a time when the UPA government seemed to cede a veto to states in the conduct of foreign policy towards the neighbours. Its kowtowing to Chennai led to a significant deterioration in India’s relations with Sri Lanka. Delhi yielded to pressures from West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and held back from signing the accord on the Teesta waters continued…

Indo-Pak chill  Chinas shadowWritten by Sheel Kant Sharma |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:25 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 5:30 am
The 18th Saarc summit in Kathmandu struggled to produce a modest set of agreements to save itself from cynical disdain. The spell cast by the India-Pakistan chill proved hard to overcome. Without the assurance of a prime ministerial meeting with India, Pakistan fell back to blocking consensus on draft agreements otherwise ready for adoption. These draft framework agreements, on motor vehicles and railways, have been in the works for the past eight years, aiming to enhance cargo and popular transport and facilitate trade and people-to-people connectivity. An agreement on energy trade was also set to emerge. The draft summit declaration, too, needed massaging of the text at the retreat on November 27, possibly about the future role of observers like China.
The host and Pakistan had, in the run-up to the summit, particularly pitched to expand China’s role, including giving it full membership.
Nepal as host should have sensed the lack of traction the proposal received and dropped it for a smooth and successful summit. However, a Chinese news agency circulated a special bulletin with speeches made by Nepali leaders, upping the ante and distracting focus from a substantive agenda of regional cooperation.
The inconclusive documents form part of the incremental Saarc process since a group of eminent persons in 1998 in South Asia recommended working out ambitious steps for deeper integration for peace and prosperity, the motto of this summit. These measures included, inter alia, a South Asia Free Trade Agreement (Safta), which was concluded at the Islamabad summit in 2004 and entered into force in 2006. Bilateral trade issues between Pakistan and India have held back Safta’s full potential, which required, by an already lapsed deadline, drastic tariff reductions and pruning of negative lists, removal of non-tariff barriers, harmonisation of standards and customs procedures, and progress on investment and banking. For all these steps, suitable mechanisms have been at work for years but at a desultory, inconclusive pace, largely due to the reluctance of some members. As a result,  Safta has to its credit a meagre aggregate trade of about $3 billion from 2006-13.
It is hard to see how China’s entry in Saarc would remove the obstacles to full-fledged trade facilitation and reverse the dismal trend. China does not belong to South Asia. China’s own trade with all Saarc members is heavily skewed against them. Its promised investments on infrastructure are not likely to balance trade. Since the Dhaka summit in 2005 agreed to admit China and Japan, the number of observers had increased to nine by 2010, among which Japan’s contribution over two decades of nearly $16 million tops observers’ funding of Saarc activities and programmes. China promised $3,00,00 in 2010, while Australia announced a million for a specific agriculture project and South Korea has spent about six million. As far as Saarc countries are concerned, continued…

Guilty of not votingWritten by Praveen Chakravarty |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:07 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:27 am
It would be daunting even for a masochistic ruler to punish the equivalent of the entire population of South Africa. That would have been the unenviable task of the state of Gujarat had the compulsory voting law, as approved recently by the Gujarat governor, been in place since 2009. The Gujarat government promulgated an amendment to its Local Authorities Laws Bill that now makes it mandatory for voters in Gujarat to vote in local body elections. Predictably, it has unleashed a plethora of reactions, ranging from outrage and consternation to jingoism.
This article does not suffer from the trappings of ideology to opine if such mandatory voting laws are puerile “democratic paternalism” or inculcate better citizen behaviour. It attempts to highlight the underbelly of electoral rolls as maintained by the Election Commission (EC), which forms the very foundation for determining culpability for this purported “non-voting” offence. To be sure, the current bill, as approved by the Gujarat governor, is restricted to local body elections and does not cover elections to the state assembly or the Lok Sabha.
Presumably, though, this is the harbinger of a more comprehensive statewide and nationwide law. If not voting in elections to the state assembly or the Lok Sabha were a punishable offence, ostensibly, there would be the need for a process to determine those eligible to vote and those that voted, and thus deduce those guilty of not voting. While the EC deserves kudos for being the bedrock of the world’s largest democracy, the deep faultlines in its electoral database are swept under the euphoria of more than 600 million people casting their votes. And therein lie the dangers of rushing into such compulsory voting laws.
Since 1975, 490 million people in Gujarat were eligible to vote across 20 elections to the Gujarat Assembly and the Lok Sabha, as per EC data. Two hundred and seventy million actually voted in these 20 elections. Two hundred and twenty million (490 minus 270) were guilty of not voting. More recently, in the three elections held in Gujarat since 2009 (2009 and 2014 Lok Sabha, 2012 assembly), of the 115 million eligible voters, 70 million actually voted. Forty-five million (115 minus 70) non-voters, equal to the entire population of South Africa, are hence prone to punishment.
However, as per our estimates, there should have been only 93 to 96 million eligible voters between the 2009 and 2014 elections, not 115 million. The database of eligible voters, as determined by the EC, is fraught with errors and inconsistencies. While the population continued…

http://usat.ly/1A0BNu8Dow ekes out record close; oil plummets 10%
The price of a barrel of Texas Intermediate crude is hammered as OPEC keeps production levels unchanged.
Post to Facebook
Dow ekes out record close; oil plummets 10% The price of a barrel of Texas Intermediate crude is hammered as OPEC keeps production levels unchanged. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rzeIzj
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
104
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow ekes out record close; oil plummets 10%
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 6:13 p.m. EST November 28, 2014
Traders pose Wednesday with Santa Claus on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
914 CONNECT 504 TWEET 34 LINKEDIN 104 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks ended mostly lower -- but with the Dow eking out a new record close -- as Wall Street separated the winners and losers tied to nosediving oil prices and kept a close tabs on Black Friday sales. The Standard & Poor's 500 also managed to log a six-week winning streak.
A barrel of Texas Intermediate crude settled at $66.15 Friday -- a whopping 10.2% drop.
At the 1 p.m. close of the abbreviated, post-Thanksgiving session, the Dow Jones industrial average stood fractionally higher, settling at its new record of 17,828.24, passing the level set in the previous session by a half-point. It is the 31st record close for the Dow of 2014.
The S&P 500 ended down 0.3%, while the Nasdaq composite gained 0.1%. All three indexes have climbed for six weeks straight. It's the longest climb for the three market measures since an 8-week winning streak that ended in November 2013.
The apparent takeaway from Wall Street: lower oil prices benefit more businesses than it hurts and has a massive positive impact on consumers' disposable income.
"'Tis the season: energy down, consumer up," is the way Strategas Research Partners summed up the energy math.
Says Strategas analyst Nicholas Bohnsack: "The continued decline in the price of crude oil and the resulting savings at the gas pump will likely continue to bolster consumer shares as the market anticipates the positive implications on consumer spending."
Citing data from the Financial Times, Bohnsack says Americans consume 135 billion gallons of gasoline per year. With retail prices down $0.85 per gallon to roughly $2.78, from $3.64 in June, the consumer is on pace to generate an estimated $115 billion in savings from lower petrol expenditures, he noted in his report to clients.
Investors are grappling with the fallout of yesterday's decision by OPEC to not cut its daily crude production despite a glut of oil around the globe. Oil prices, which were already under pressure due to weaker demand due to a sluggish global economy and ample new supply coming online in the U.S., are plunging anew today after the OPEC decision.
"The selling in oil was epic, with contracts rolling over from $73.50 to $67.75 on WTI in about an hour," earlier Friday morning, said Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group.
The overall stock market is not likely to get crushed due to plunging oil prices as there are many companies --  namely consumer stocks, airlines, transportation names, cruise lines – that will benefit from lower oil prices. The Dow, however, might suffer a bit more than the broader stock indexes because both Exxon-Mobil and Chevron are Dow components and are down more than 4% in pre-market trading.
There are winners and losers related to crude plunging to a fresh 4½ year low.
Airline shares are soaring and energy stocks are tanking in pre-market trading in response to lower oil prices following the OPEC decision not to cut production amid an oil glut.
The big beneficiaries of lower energy costs are U.S. air carriers. Airlines ranging from American Airlines to United Continental saw their shares rise 4% to 5% as investors price in bigger profits due to lower costs for fuel. In contrast, energy shares, including oil-and-exploration companies like Exxon-Mobil and oil services players like Halliburton, which is down more than 4% in pre-market trade, are seeing their shares take a big hit.
Aside from the oil pits, it's all about Black Friday today.
"Outside of commodities,Wal-Mart  and its fellow retailers will be in the limelight in today's holiday-shortened session, as traders watch for early signs of Black Friday success," said Andrea Kramer, an analyst at Schaeffer's Investment Research.
914 CONNECT 504 TWEET 34 LINKEDIN 104 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rzeIzj
USA NOW
Taliban kills dozens of children in Pakistani school
Dec 16, 2014

Rajnath slams Pak. state actorsUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:03 IST
Rajnath slams Pak. state actors
Sushanta Talukdar
File Photo of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh
TOPICS
ministers (government)
The Home Minster alleged that state actors in Pakistan have a role in trying to destabilse the country.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday that the government would not allow any international terror outfit to gain foothold in India, while saying that some misguided youth getting attracted by Islamic State (IS) ideology was a challenge.
Inaugurating the 49th Annual Conference of Directors-General of Police and Inspectors-General of Police and heads of Central Police Organisations, Mr. Singh said the IS was trying to gain a foothold in the Indian subcontinent, while the al-Qaeda had formed Qaedet-al-Jihad to target Muslims in Gujarat, Assam, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir and Bangladesh and convert the Indian subcontinent into an Islamic state. These threats could not be taken lightly.
He, however, said that while such developments should be considered a challenge, the country need not worry as he had full faith in the security forces.
Referring to the gun battle in the Arnia sector in Jammu and Kashmir, Mr. Singh said Pakistan claimed that non-state actors were behind such incidents. “I want to ask Pakistan if its intelligence agency, ISI, is also a non-state actor?” he added.
Mr. Singh said that if the IS or the al-Qaeda were thinking that with India having a large Muslim population they would gain a foothold in the country, they were wrong as the Muslims, Hindus and people of other religions jointly fought for the country’s Independence and also sacrificed their lives.
On Left wing extremism, the Union Home Minister said the incidence of violence had reduced and the government was ready to hold talks. He suggested that the leadership be handed over to the district magistrates and the superintendents of police of the affected districts to ensure better coordination with the central forces.

How Tuna fish varieties could resolve the India-Sri Lanka geopolitical conflict(Tamil Nadu govt brainstormed…)
By: Sandhya Ravishankar
On a misty cool morning, five men set out from Rameswaram on a boat to catch prawns near the Sethusamudram canal.
At 12:40 pm, they heard gunshots. "The Lankan authorities are here, they are shooting, all of you lie down," shouted Sekar, the owner of the boat. The other four, all of them family, ducked. The Lankan Navy boat came closer and the crew asked the fishermen to raise their hands.
"I can't," screamed Sekar. "I can't move my hand. Something is wrong," he cried. Sekar was shot in the shoulder. Brought back to shore, he spent 31 days in hospital and underwent surgery before he was able to head back home.
Six years later, Sekar continues to venture out into the dangerous seas near Rameswaram. "Mannar [in Sri Lanka] is only 25 nautical miles from Rameswaram," he says. "We don't have a choice.
We don't get fish here anymore. All the fish are on the Lankan side. Many of us continue to go despite the dangers. It is a matter of our livelihood," he adds. Sekar's sentiment is echoed by most fishermen along the southern coast of Tamil Nadu.
Around 10 lakh fishermen along the coastline depend on the seas for a living. Southwards of Nagapattinam, fishermen make a beeline for the Indian Ocean and towards Sri Lanka, where the catch is aplenty. Sri Lanka has banned bottom trawling in an effort at conservation of marine life — meaning that fish continue to breed and catch is excellent in Lankan waters.
"Even if we cast our nets here for a whole day, we don't get anything," says a fisherman. "But go towards Lanka and all you need is one hour to come back with a full boat," he says.
 
Border Issues
Today's boiling geopolitical issue has its roots in 1952, when independent India signed an agreement with Norway to introduce trawlers and trawl nets to fishermen. Tamil Nadu's fishermen took to it with gusto. Problems began to appear in the 1990s when the catch started to dwindle. "Trawl nets are like a plough in the sea," says an official at the Tamil Nadu department of fisheries, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
"The Palk Bay area is only 18 metres deep. It is a shallow sea meaning it is rich in marine life. And these trawl nets go right to the bottom and remove the flora and the fauna, even the fish eggs, and damage the ecosystem. Fish and prawns are not able to procreate and they have been depleted beyond permissible levels. Simply put, there is no fish in our part of the Bay of Bengal," he says.
Most fishermen in the state still use trawl nets. "Our wooden boats can only go about 25-30 nautical miles into the sea and not beyond," says Sekar. "Yes, there is a problem and the Sri Lankan fishermen are angry with us," he says.
The fishermen issue has been a political tipping point in recent elections in Tamil Nadu. Narendra Modi, in his whirlwind campaign earlier this year, promised to end attacks on fishermen, placing blame squarely on the UPA government's inadequacies.
AIADMK chief and former chief minister Jayalalithaa has been quick to write letters to the Centre demanding a solution and DMK chief Karunanidhi has pointed fingers at Jayalalithaa for not preventing such arrests.
Last week, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerselvam wrote to PM Modi once again, demanding the release of 38 Tamil fishermen jailed in Lanka. He also demanded the retrieval of 78 boats confiscated by Lanka.
Tuna to the Rescue?
About three years ago, the state government's thinking took a turn. Setting aside politics, officials began to "get real", identifying the root cause of the issue and trying to find an alternative solution to wean fishermen away from Lankan waters.
Enter the tuna! Tuna fish varieties like yellowfin, skipjack and bigeye are available in plenty in the Indian Ocean and near the Andamans. In fact, India's tuna potential is over 2 lakh tonnes, but currently we harvest just one-fifth of tuna potential.
Officials in the Tamil Nadu government brainstormed a scheme to convert existing trawlers into tuna longliners, giving an incentive to the fishermen of Rameswaram to stay within Indian waters.
"The objective is to remove trawlers from the sea," says the department of fisheries official. "Once trawlers are converted into tuna longliners, they can only go to the deep sea. One of the conditions of the scheme is that they cannot reconvert these liners into trawling boats. We need to get these fishermen out of this part of the and allow the fish to grow again," he The state offers 50% subsidy up to maximum of Rs 30 lakh to fishermen who are willing to convert or replace their trawlers.
Groups of fishermen are encouraged to apply, so that the initial investment can be split between them and the scheme itself would benefit more families. Since the scheme was introduced in 2013, over 270 applications have been received but no longliner has yet hit the sea.

Shares of jet airways surged nearly 20 per cent on friday after icra u...Silver Member
6 Followers
Shares of Jet Airways surged nearly 20 per cent on Friday after ICRA upgraded rating of Rs 3,210 crore loan facility given to the company based on improvement in cash flows.
The ratings agency has upgraded the long-term rating assigned to the Rs 3,210 crore, fund-based bank facilities of Jet Airways to [ICRA]BB from [ICRA]C, a statement had said yesterday.
"The rating upgrade takes into account the improvement in the liquidity and credit profile of the company, arising from improved operating performance as well as support from its strategic partner-Etihad Airways PJSC," it said.
Brent crude oil prices which headed towards $70 per barrel also boosted sentiment in the airline stocks. Traders expect falling crude prices would lead to sharp cuts in prices of aviation turbine fuel, which accounts for nearly 40 per cent of their operating cost. Shares in SpiceJet also traded with over 10 per cent gains.
Shares in Jet Airways ended 20 per cent higher at Rs 322.65 apiece on NSE, outperforming the Nifty which ended1.11 per cent higher.... source ndtv profit
6.20 AM Nov 30th  | Track

Therefore  it is in the interest of consumers of both the utilities th...Silver Member
6 Followers
Contrary to allegations of  RInfra that its rival  Tata Power has resorted to cherry-picking of high-end consumers under open access system, the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (APTEL) said that switching over of consumers to a Tata Group company from the former`s network is in the interest of customers.
The APTEL today observed that though it has not laid distribution network for supplying power to residential consumers of RInfra, Tata Power has not resorted to cherry picking, the Tata Group company said attributing the information to the order passed by the tribunal, which is yet to be uploaded on its website. "It is correct that Tata Power has not laid low-tension network to switch-over consumers over the residential consumers who were availing supply from Tata Power on RInfra`s network and who were in the vicinity of the network laid down by Tata Power. This could not be termed as cherry-picking as it had been done in the interest of the consumers and is also in line with the decision of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC)," the APTEL order said..... source moneycontrol.com
6.17 AM Nov 30th

Contrary to allegations of rinfra that its rival tata power has reso...Silver Member
6 Followers
Contrary to allegations of  RInfra that its rival  Tata Power has resorted to cherry-picking of high-end consumers under open access system, the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (APTEL) said that switching over of consumers to a Tata Group company from the former`s network is in the interest of customers.
The APTEL today observed that though it has not laid distribution network for supplying power to residential consumers of RInfra, Tata Power has not resorted to cherry picking, the Tata Group company said attributing the information to the order passed by the tribunal, which is yet to be uploaded on its website. "It is correct that Tata Power has not laid low-tension network to switch-over consumers over the residential consumers who were availing supply from Tata Power on RInfra`s network and who were in the vicinity of the network laid down by Tata Power. This could not be termed as cherry-picking as it had been done in the interest of the consumers and is also in line with the decision of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC)," the APTEL order said..... source moneycontrol.com
6.17 AM Nov 30th

Gm boarders ..your targets just keep shifting all the time and i point...684 Followers
Reposted about 2 days 22 hrs 35 min 58 sec ago by headsett
GM Jays & Friends ...IMHO the Modi Ji driven bull party is mostly over , smart money is selling India & buying China ...except for US nothing else is looking good ...India suffers from matching its deeds to extremely high expectations ..90% chances you will see small upward bumps up after few steep corrections ...market will form new more realistic  opinion on India after budget 2015 , else valuations shrink , what was 6 p/e is now 16 ..will go back to 9 or 11 .
Time to play smart and early  ..to beat the situation you need to buy up stocks with very high upside kickers ..Tanla got one a few days back , Onmobi hit UC yesterday on buy back news ...had advised both , am invested in both my self .
Good sectors to be :  those benefiting from low commodity prices of ...petrochem , cotton , synthetics , rubber etc & hot sectors : Defense , E Com , Logistics , Pharma & lastly the lazy guys who watch TV reaction : Buy well known defensives in  Tobacco, Alcholo , Gambling , FMCG & Pharma ...rgds
In reply to : Jays.Maverick message
6.28 AM Dec 10th

30 things the best bosses always say30 Things The Best Bosses Always Say
By Jacquelyn Smith | Business Insider –  Thu 16 Oct, 2014 10:15 PM IST
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design Good communication is key to good leadership.
Leadership is all about communication.
"The best bosses realize that their words and actions have a significant impact on the motivation, job satisfaction, and productivity of their employees — and so their communications reflect that heightened awareness," explains  Lynn Taylor, a national workplace expert and the author of " Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant: How to Manage Childish Boss Behavior and Thrive in Your Job ."
Michael Kerr, an international business speaker and author of " You Can't Be Serious! Putting Humor to Work ," says communication is never an afterthought for the best bosses. "It's a core part of their job," he says. And they realize that it's not just about what they say, but how they say things.
"Great bosses think about what their body language, facial expressions, and tone of voice communicate to their staff," Kerr says. "And they often take the time to say things face-to-face rather than through email in order to build trust, develop relationships, manage conflict, and inspire employees."
>
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/flickr It's not just about what you say. It's how you say it.
Taylor says there are a few common denominators in what great bosses say on a regular basis. "Most of their dialogue centers around encouragement, training, leadership, sharing the vision, and ongoing, two-way feedback," she says. "The best bosses know that their success is tied to their team, so they consistently remain in close communications with them, and expect that of their managers, too."
In the offices of savvy bosses, you'll often hear these 30 phrases and questions:
"Good morning."
Touching base in the morning or at the start of any shift is a small thing, but employees notice when you don't, Kerr says. "It shows you're truly present, and taking the time to connect at a personal level."
"How are you?"
This simple, human question puts employees at ease and reminds them they're more than a number in the company, says Taylor. "But in reality, it's not asked as often as you think. Savvy bosses treat their team as people and win their support as a result."
"Great job."  
Praise and recognition at any level in an organization is always welcomed. "We're all human beings with basic needs to be appreciated," Taylor says. "But it can also be overused and lose its meaning — so use this phrase sparingly."
"Yes." Or, "Sure, let's try it."
Being positive and giving the green light to employees allows them to grow, says Taylor. "That can lead to mistakes, but without risk, the company and team remains stagnant."
Being open to new, innovative ways of doing things also builds great teams and companies. "Bosses who believe in the axiom, 'Nothing ventured, nothing gained,' attract the best talent and create a dynamic environment."
"That was my mistake."
>Admitting fault is something that experienced bosses do. They don't pass the buck, and therefore, they set the example for others. "By doing so, they also create a safe environment for their teams to take calculated risks," Taylor says. "That's how people learn."
University of Exeter/flickr Manners go a long way.
"Thank you."
One of the top reasons employees leave a company is because they don't feel appreciated. "Workplaces where bosses do a better job of consistently showing gratitude toward employees have lower absenteeism rates, lower turnover rates, better customer service scores, and higher productivity," Kerr explains. Great bosses get in the habit of consistently passing along positive praise in a timely, sincere, and positive manner. 
"Can you please…?"
Common courtesy is so simple, yet often overlooked in business. "Smart bosses don't bark out orders," says Taylor.
"I have complete confidence in you."
If it's true, say it. "One executive colleague recently told a reticent employee that he'd bet part of his senior-level paycheck on the fact that the employee could indeed complete a daunting project," Taylor says. "The employee surpassed expectations in the end. He had complete support and faith from his boss, which by all accounts was a major contributing factor."  
"What do you need from me to help you do your job better?" Or, "How can I be of greater support to you?"
This is probably one of the most powerful things a boss can get into the habit of asking on a regular basis. "It demonstrates concern and compassion for the employee, and it proves you understand that the real job of a boss is to support and provide a service to your people," he says.
"Saying you are available to help and proactively asking this are two different things," adds Taylor. "Bosses who live up to their promises with real support are the best motivators, with the lowest turnover." 
"What's getting in the way of you doing your job effectively?" Or, "Do you have the resources you need to get this done?"
"Part of a good boss' job is to remove 'jobstacles' that might be getting in the way of employees doing their jobs effectively," says Kerr. "It's about identifying not just the on switches, but the off switches that may be demotivating employees."
"Here's an example."
Sometimes projects can be overwhelming and not fully understood. Savvy managers give examples to better explain projects or perspectives. They also anticipate potential outcomes with their staff.
>
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/flickr Employees love when their bosses give examples.
"What's on your plate right now?"
As a boss, it's important to check in on the status of your employees' projects and get an idea of their current workload before doling out additional work. You never want to put too much on their plate.
"Here's my feedback."
"Too often employees don't know enough about what worked and didn't, particularly when managers are hurried," says Taylor. "Strong managers realize that the more feedback their team receives, the better the outcome of the next project."
"Don't hesitate to ask."
Employees can only learn by asking, with the caveat that the answers should not be readily available in the first place. Good bosses encourage good questions, and if a debate is legitimate, many like to be challenged diplomatically by their staff members, in private, says Taylor.
"What do you think?"
"Another powerful question that should be asked on a daily basis — in almost every conversation with an employee," Kerr says. It's one of the simplest ways to recognize employees, as it sends the message that you value their input, their experience, and their ideas. 
Taylor says every employee wants to help build something. "To the extent bosses solicit employee input, they're not just building morale; they're getting information from people who are closest to the project, customer, and their area of expertise. Good bosses expect courtesy, but still want real facts from their teams without sugarcoating."  
"Here's what I'm trying to achieve." Or, "Here's why we're doing this."
Without a vision, a staff is in limbo. Good bosses set out the objectives and their expectations — otherwise results can't be measured.
"All too often, bad bosses don't fully explain the why behind initiatives. Good bosses take the extra time to provide the larger management objective behind a project. Not only is that motivational, but it leads to more targeted results," Taylor explains.
"How can we best solve this?" Or, "How we can do this better?" 
Rather than remaining punitive with a team member, good bosses help their team evaluate situations that go awry. They make their team aware that "we're in this together." "These great bosses realize that the more they share knowledge and train the team, the more productive and successful the company," says Taylor.
"How are your kids/dogs/parents?"
Without crossing any lines, it's important to get to know your employees and acknowledge their lives outside of work.
"Learn your employees' spouses and children's names if they have a family," Kerr suggests. And if you know they have an ill parent, they just got a new dog, or started taking a photography class, ask how things are going.
>"It builds a caring and compassionate workplace, and it builds trust."
University of Michigan School of Natural Resources & Environment/flickr Regularly checking in with your employees will benefit everyone.
"How are things going?" Or, "Are you being challenged?" Or, "Are you having fun?"  
Checking in with employees on whether their work is keeping their skills fresh and in line with their growth objectives — and asking if they're enjoying the job — may only happen once a year in many companies. But great bosses have this ongoing dialogue with their team. "They realize that the most successful employees are those who are fully engaged and passionate about their work," Taylor points out.
"Keep me in the loop."
"A great boss will want to be apprised of developments and not completely hands off," Taylor explains. "Most employees prefer having latitude over a micro-manager, and the right approach is somewhere in between."
"Tell me about how your day/week is going."  
Say this, then stop talking, Kerr suggests. "Very few people rave about their boss because they're a great talker," he says. "But some say what they love most is how awesome of a listener their boss is." Being a great listener will score you huge points with your employee, and you might just learn something new! 
"Hahaha!"
Great bosses laugh — and they make sure it's with employees, not at them!
"The famous quotation, 'Nobody ever died of laughter,' is especially true in the workplace," Taylor says. "The best bosses use clever humor to diffuse tension and gain better solidarity with their teams. Levity is a well-developed art that puts the job at hand into perspective. And humor is the shortest pipeline to the memory banks; if you want your team to remember something of importance, humor is a powerful tool."  
These bosses are careful not to misuse humor — being sarcastic or using it at someone's expense. "When it relates to the discussion or business, it is a winning approach for motivating a team."
"What are your dreams/goals?"
Understanding what the professional and personal ambitions of an employee are is a great way of demonstrating your concern for the person and an excellent way to help you understand your employees' motivations, Kerr says.
Taylor says the very best bosses think before they speak, and have a high emotional I.Q. "They're capable of taking a new approach if the current one isn't working. They know that they are only as good as their team, so their words and actions reflect that awareness," she concludes. 

Rajan changed his views after becoming RBI ...B N Srikrishna
(Hitting back at RBI Governor…)
MUMBAI: Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on FSLRC recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
"In his 2009 report 'A 100 Steps', Dr Rajan wrote 'regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals'," Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI , IRDA , FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as "somewhat schizophrenic".
"On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies," Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said "reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done".
Pitching for a change, he said: "Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms," he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on "jugaad", Srikrishna said, "we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones."
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Goyal says to reduce coal sector woes in 8-9...Bharti Airtel
(Expressing confidence…)
MUMBAI: Expressing confidence that the Bill to replace coal ordinance will be passed in the ongoing session of Parliament, Union Minister Piyush Goyal today promised to significantly reduce the woes in the sector in the next 8-9 months.
Speaking at a panel discussion at the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence here this evening, he said: "I am quite confident that coal ordinance (Bill) is a reality waiting to happen in the next few days and we will be able to resolve the sectoral problems within the next 8-9 months significantly."
The ordinance was necessitated after the Supreme Court quashed allotment of 204 blocks terming the allocation as "arbitrary and illegal".
He said Lok Sabha will be passing the Bill in the next few days, but avoided a direct answer on its fate in Rajya Sabha where treasury benches do not have necessary numbers.
"The Lok Sabha will clear it in the next few days, the Rajya Sabha, from whatever sense I get from the people, is certainly understanding that the power sector woes need to be resolved," he said.
When asked if the Government may contemplate a joint session of Parliament to push the Bill, Goyal said, "we are committed to the reform agenda. any route which we have to take (will be taken)."
To end the uncertainty around the coal sector , which has seen a slew of controversies over allocations in the recent past, the Government had last month moved in with an ordinance which seeks to make the process transparent by stressing on auctioning of the blocks. The ordinance needs to be replaced by an Act after getting the Bill passed by both houses.
Goyal said that his ministry has a budgetary commitment of USD 10 billion from the Government for the overhaul needed in the transmission and distribution in the power sector.
He also promised captains of the industry that the state-run Coal India will be increasing its yearly output growth to 16 per cent in the next five years from the current rate of growth of 1-1.5 per cent.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmal Sitharaman said the Government is "watching" the developments in the fledgling e-commerce space and the way the companies, which have raised billions of dollars in venture investments, are working.
On the Government's flagship 'Make in India' initiative, she said that there has been a very encouraging response but the developments are yet to play out on the ground.
When asked about the complex trade negotiations and if she ever feared India getting isolated at a forum like the WTO, Sitharaman replied in the negative. "We were wondering how long it will take" to reach a deal," she said.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar reiterated Government's intent of maximising domestic production through various measures like technology transfers. He rued the country has not yet been able to develop and produce world-class fighter jets, alluding to the delays in the LCA or the Tejas project.
Bharti Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal congratulated the "hardworking" government for a great start. "We have been shown a fantastic trailer and we are now waiting for the start of the magnum opus."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Art market: How counterfeits compete with the great mastersHow counterfeits compete with the great masters in India's fledgling art market
By Suman Layak , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Do not be a lazy buyer Read and educate yourself. The signature of the artist is often easiest to forge. See if you can spot the trademarks of the artists work or identify his/her brushstrokes?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It can happen to the best. As it did to Vickram Sethi, art dealer, auctioneer and chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Art .
Circa 2008, Sethi is sitting in his office in South Mumbai's art district, Kala Ghoda. After carefully looking at a fullsized Husain painting, it dawns on Sethi that he is being duped. Only a few days ago he had paid an advance of Rs 1 lakh after seeing an image of the painting and an art dealer had transported it over from Delhi. After seeing it for real in his gallery, Sethi was 90% sure it was a fake.
What followed was dramatic. Sethi locked up his gallery and refused to pay the balance of Rs 70-80 lakh. He also refused to let the painting be taken out unless he got a refund of the advance. After a few hours the dealer relented.
At the time of the incident MF Husain, the celebrated painter, had already moved to Dubai. Sethi digs deep into his memory to recall why he rejected the painting. The legs and knees of the horses were not right and the shape of the mane was different from Husain's trademark style. A full sheet Husain today can easily cost between Rs 22 lakh and Rs 30 lakh and more (a 4x6 can touch Rs 90 lakh) and there's no upper limit. Taking the "fake" hostage was probably worth it.
Here's a more recent example of a brush with dodgy art. A young lady, recommended by a painter of repute, approached businessman Harsh Goenka with a Husain painting in mid-2014.
Goenka, chairman of RPG Enterprises and one of the biggest art collectors in India, liked the painting. But, on a hunch, he sent it to art dealer Dadiba Pundole, who has dealt with a lot of Husain's work. Pundole pointed out to Goenka that while Husain's English signature on the painting matched, his signature in Hindi was wrong.
Also, the arrows in a scene showing Bhisma Pitamah on his deathbed were pointing upwards, the wrong direction. Husain had done this Mahabharata scene in many of his paintings. Goenka adds: "Also it was too perfect. Husain is never too perfect in his arrangement."
The seller claimed she had no idea that it was a fake and Goenka sent her away with the painting. Not every art buyer is as fortunate. Many end up with duds.
For instance, art consultant Mallika Advani , formerly with international art auctioneer Christie's, talks about a friend who recently came to her with two paintings of celebrated painter FN Souza.
She needed money to tide over a distress. Advani was, however, shocked to find that both the paintings were obvious fakes.
Welcome to the quicksand called the fledgling Indian art market , barely 15 years old, and yet to build its institutions.

India vulnerable to ISIS activities  says Home Minister Rajnath SinghIndia vulnerable to ISIS activities, says Home Minister Rajnath Singh
Bikash Singh, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Tags:
Arif Majeed
(He said although the terror…)
GUWAHATI: Union home minister Rajnath Singh has said India can no longer remain unaffected by growing Islamic terror designs, pointing to instances of some youth in India falling under the influence of Islamic State (ISIS) forces. ISIS has set up bases in Iraq and Syria and the Indian subcontinent cannot remain unaffected by it, said Singh addressing the annual conference of DGPs and IGPs in Guwahati on Saturday.
Singh added that state actors like intelligence agency ISI of Pakistan are working to destabilize India. Expressing concern over Islamic terror groups, Singh said the call for Jihad against India by outfits such as the Al-Qaeda cannot be taken lightly.
"We should consider threats of turning India into an Islamic country a challenge." As evidence, Singh pointed to the case of 24-year-old Areeb Majeed of Mumbai who is accused of joining jihadists in Syria.
Singh, however, said insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir has declined. "Recruitment of youth in insurgent outfits has declined. However Pakistan is still not yielding and has maintained that trouble in J&K is due to non-state actors. Is ISI a non-state actor?"
The home minister added there is a considerable decline in violence in the Left wing extremism-affected areas. "The Northeast India situation continues to be worrisome with ethnic clashes and militancy. The region has around 75 to 100 militant outfits, several of which are in talks with government. Some have ceased operation and in some cases cadres of these outfits are engaged in extortion."
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISIS youth Areeb says they got combat training  were split as per educational skillsWritten by Meghna Yelluru , Gautam Sandip Mengle , Deepak Joshi | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:21 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 8:57 am
A Special court Saturday remanded Kalyan college youth-turned-Islamic State jihadist Areeb Ejaz Majeed to National Investigation Agency custody till December 8.
Areeb was booked and arrested in the wee hours of Saturday under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
With an FIR lodged against Areeb as well as the three others from Kalyan who are believed to have joined ISIS along with him — naming them “wanted accused” — they would also face arrest if they return.
Despair again descended on Govindwadi-Dudh Naka belt in Kalyan on Saturday as news of Areeb’s arrest spread. His successful return from Turkey on Friday morning, following a covert operation by the government, had raised hopes of the other families that their own sons would come back.
Citing among other things the bullet injuries on Areeb’s right shoulder, the NIA on Saturday sought his custody for 14 days. Areeb was reportedly shot in August, three months after going missing.
Dressed in a kurta and pyjama, Areeb was brought to court with his face covered. As soon as the veil on his face was removed inside the courtroom, the 24-year-old covered his head with a black skull cap. Compared to his photos on social media sites, he looked thinner and had no beard.
Areeb has reportedly told investigators that after basic combat training in Iraq, he and his friends were separated by the ISIS based on their educational qualifications. “Areeb, due to his qualifications as a civil engineering student, was made part of the section in charge of building and construction,” said a source.
No one from the family appeared to have been present for the court hearing Saturday. Areeb looked straight at the judge and not once glanced at the packed courtroom. At times he appeared to be praying, his head bowed low.
When Judge P R Deshmukh asked him if he had secured a lawyer, Areeb said, “Koi mila hi nahi kal se (I haven’t found anyone since yesterday).” However when asked if he had any problems, he replied in the negative.
Prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the four youths, including Areeb, Saheem Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, had “undergone basic training with weapons, firearms and AK-47 rifles” with ISIS.
She said the NIA hoped to “unearth the entire conspiracy” and retrieve information on the weapons used by them, their training methods and the role played by Areeb and his accomplices, with his interrogation. “We asked Areeb about his indoctrination and his journey to Iraq, and he maintains that he did it all by himself, without any help or influence from anyone. He says he viewed radical material online and then, along with friends, went to Iraq as part of a tour, after which they joined the ISIS,” a source said.
Areeb was arrested from his home early Saturday even as the families of the other missing Kalyan youths hoped to meet him to find out about their sons.
On Saturday, the Sarvodaya Society where his family lives on the second floor wore a sombre look, with hardly anyone around. “I was hoping to meet Dr Majeed (Majeed’s father) so I could ask him if Areeb had said anything about Saheem. We are back to wondering what condition our boy is in,” said Saheem’s uncle Kashif Tanki.
Fahad’s mother Zohra added, “We can only pray that our children come back by some miracle, the way Areeb did.”
The families of all the three, Saheem, Fahad and Aman, said they had had no contact with them since August. The last contact was when Saheem had called his family to tell them about Areeb’s supposed death.
“Right now, we have no idea what to expect and what to believe. We can only wait, watch and pray,” said Aman’s father Naim Tandel.

Let me explain it to you once more by giving examples ..some one bough...684 Followers
Reposted about 2 days 22 hrs 36 min 17 sec ago by headsett
GM Jays & Friends ...IMHO the Modi Ji driven bull party is mostly over , smart money is selling India & buying China ...except for US nothing else is looking good ...India suffers from matching its deeds to extremely high expectations ..90% chances you will see small upward bumps up after few steep corrections ...market will form new more realistic  opinion on India after budget 2015 , else valuations shrink , what was 6 p/e is now 16 ..will go back to 9 or 11 .
Time to play smart and early  ..to beat the situation you need to buy up stocks with very high upside kickers ..Tanla got one a few days back , Onmobi hit UC yesterday on buy back news ...had advised both , am invested in both my self .
Good sectors to be :  those benefiting from low commodity prices of ...petrochem , cotton , synthetics , rubber etc & hot sectors : Defense , E Com , Logistics , Pharma & lastly the lazy guys who watch TV reaction : Buy well known defensives in  Tobacco, Alcholo , Gambling , FMCG & Pharma ...rgds
In reply to : Jays.Maverick message
6.28 AM Dec 10th

The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four mon...Platinum Member
714 Followers
The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a striaght line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business . The best opportunity reside in higher quality mid-caps that have pricing power. Let me suggest few that you should accumulate :::: Marico Kaya - must , MCX , Delta Corp .....MMTC ....REC .so....plan your trade.....so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 211......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 835 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 156 ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 817.....surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1145 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 106.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw, Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , B&A ltd , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Jindal saw, Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , dolphin off, ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : baboo288 message
6.53 AM Nov 30th

Good morning friends and have a fun filled sunday.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

UN Report Criticizes U.S. Record On TortureUN Report Criticizes U.S. Record On Torture
 | By                                                                JOHN HEILPRIN
Updated:
11/28/2014  2:59 pm EST
WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 23:  Demonstrators hold a rally to urge President Barack Obama to fulfill his pledge to close the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and end indefinite detention outside the White House May 23, 2014 in Washington, DC. Organized by several groups, including The National Religious Campaign Against Torture, CODEPINK, Amnesty International, the Torture Abolition and Survivor Support Coalition and the Dorothy Day Catholic Worker, the protesters gathered to mark the annivers | Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images
reddit
GENEVA (AP) — Police brutality, military interrogations and prisons were among the top concerns of a U.N. panel's report Friday that found the United States to be falling short of full compliance with an international anti-torture treaty.
The report by the U.N. Committee Against Torture, its first such review of the U.S. record since 2006, expressed concerns about allegations of police brutality and excessive use of force by law enforcement officials, particularly the Chicago Police Department's treatment of blacks and Latinos. It also called for restricting the use of taser weapons by police to life-threatening situations. But it had no specific recommendation or reaction to a grand jury's decision not to indict the white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri who fatally shot a black and unarmed teenager.
The report also criticizes the U.S. record on military interrogations, maximum security prisons, illegal migrants and solitary confinement while calling for tougher federal laws to define and outlaw torture, including with detainees at Guantanamo Bay and in Yemen. It also called for abolishing interrogation techniques that rely on sleep or sensory deprivation "aimed at prolonging the sense of capture."
"There are numerous areas in which certain things should be changed for the United States to comply fully with the convention," Alessio Bruni of Italy, one of the panel's chief investigators, said at a news conference Friday in Geneva. He was referring to the U.N. Convention Against Torture, which took effect in 1987 and the United States ratified in 1994.
The U.N. committee's 10 independent experts are responsible for reviewing the records of all 156 U.N. member countries that have ratified the treaty against torture and all "cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment."
More:

How safe are cricket helmetsMore
Safe helmets, a work in progress
There are no global standards for helmets at present, but measures are being put in place to increase the security they provide.
By Nagraj Gollapudi | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 29 Nov, 2014 5:18 PM IST
Tweet
0
There is one question bound to resonate loudest in the aftermath of Phillip Hughes ' death. Are helmets in professional cricket adequately equipped and designed to protect the batsman's face and head? With no international standards in place, there is no certain answer.
Cricket's safety equipment is under acute scrutiny.A study conducted by Dr Craig Ranson, a sports physiotherapist at Cardiff Metropolitan University, as part of a wider project commissioned by the ICC in 2011 on improving helmet standards found that significant head and facial injuries continue to occur despite the protection.
Ranson, who was then part of the ICC medical panel and continues to be a consultant, recommended that cricket helmet design and "associated National and International Safety Standards should be improved to provide increased protection against head injury related to ball impact to the grille and shell of the helmet." His team pointed out that as recently as 2013 outdated specification standards dating back to the late 1990s were being used worldwide during the testing phase while making helmets.
With no global regulation in place, manufacturers in various countries have relied on the two main safety standards: British, which underwent a massive upgrade in December 2013 from the previous one instituted in 1997, and Australia-New Zealand, which has remained the same from 1998.
Although the ICC declined ESPNcricinfo's request for an interview with Ranson at the moment, information from a paper he had co-authored and published in the February 2013 issue of British Journal of Sports Medicine found that the three primary modes of failure related to helmets were:
The ball bursting between the peak of the helmet and the grille
The grille itself deforming and making contact with the face
Contact around the side and the back of the helmet
Ranson, Nicholas Pierce and Mark Young - the co-authors - had studied video footage of 35 batting-helmet related injuries between 2003 and 2012 gathered from various sources including the ICC, ECB, and various Full Member nations, and even other resources like the internet, for 'Batting head injury in professional cricket: a systematic video analysis of helmet safety characteristics'
The authors observed that though the specified gap between the peak of the helmet and the grille was 55 mm, the ball, which is 73 mm in diameter, was still able to pierce through and hit the face to cause serious injuries, including fractures. In his study, Ranson had found there was "excessive" upward flexion of the peak and downward flexion of the grille allowing the ball to penetrate.
Stuart Broad , wearing an innovatively designed and popular helmet by Ayrtek, had broken his nose in the Old Trafford Test in August after being hit by a bouncer from India fast bowler Varun Aaron in this fashion.
Angus Porter, chief executive of Professional Cricketers Association in England, admitted that challenges remained in moulding helmets to exact specifications. Porter, who has a PhD in material sciences, volunteered to be part of a smaller panel in the UK, which worked closely with Ranson's team in upgrading the specifications to be measured against the new British standard.
SLOW START
Despite the slow start, Porter said the ICC, ECB and PCA were moving in the right direction and hoped the findings would be adopted worldwide. "The new British standard was approved this summer by British Standard Institute after a couple of years of hard work; we now have testing houses accredited; and manufacturers are putting helmets through the accreditation process."
To prevent facial and frontal head injury, Ranson recommended the projectile testing methods used to validate the facemasks worn by catchers in baseball, which the British and British and Australia/New Zealand standards have adopted.
"The facemask that the catcher wears, crouching behind the batter, is tested under conditions where a projectile has been fired at it from a close range. The test was if the grille or the ball came in contact with the face or head then that mask would fail. That is the principle we have adopted for standards under the new tests for cricket helmets."
Porter confirmed the new standards have made it difficult for the ball to funnel through or get stuck in the gap separating the peak and the grille. "One of the things required is the helmet is tested with the grille at the widest gap available."
Phil Hughes was wearing last year's helmet model when he sustained the blow.Most of the brands have taken the new safety standards on board and modified their helmets accordingly. The latest one from Masuri, one of the popular brands used by professional players across all age-groups, has a double-bar grill. Some other brands, Porter said, have a very rigid peak.
But what about the back of the helmet, an area that has become quite significant since Hughes' accident?
Ranson's study found the back of the head to be a "vulnerable" area with risk of concussion being a major concern. "Prevention might be achieved via improved shock attenuation and by extending the shell of the helmet to cover the entire occipital region," the paper said. "This is because in some instances the ball partially struck the helmet and partially directly struck the underlying occiput, an area of the head that does not seem to be completely assessed within the current cricket helmet standard impact attenuation test specifications.
According to Porter, modifications to the back of the helmet remain a work-in-progress. "We have specified that the helmets need to be tested both at the sides and near the base of the shell instead of just testing the crown the shell." What has not been done, he admits, is to specify how much of the head needs to be covered or how low down the helmet needs to come.
The debate over the measures that can be accommodated to make a helmet safe is never ending. Edouard Ferdinands, a biomechanist at Sydney University, suggested using skullcaps inside the helmets to cushion blows like the one Hughes suffered.
ADOPTING CRASH HELMETS
Over the years there been talk about adopting crash helmets used by drivers and bikers in motor sports. However, there are practical issues to consider when using them in cricket. "Whilst it is understood that crash helmets offer probably the best head protection available, such helmets have not been viewed as a realistic reference point because they are heavy and designed for a very different purpose."
Despite the evolving specifications, one important factor that gets ignored and is under-reported, is that some players are reluctant to adapt to helmet changes. Amit Desai, director of Pro-Tech Sports and Safety Products, an Indian helmet manufacturer for brands like Forma, Gray-Nicolls and Kookaburra, pointed out how even international players have been hesitant. "Some of them feel it affects their eye sight due to height, while some feel the grille is too deep and it touches their shoulder."
Desai points out the example of Sachin Tendulkar, who was reluctant to change a helmet that had been damaged. "Sometimes players are wary of getting out of their comfort zones and they are superstitious about a lot of things, including helmets. When Tendulkar was hit on the helmet by Shoaib Akhtar, I asked him to send the helmet back. He said he would like to continue using it since it was "lucky" for him. But when I opened the helmet and got it tested, its utility was over. The safety measurement had been reduced to 30%, so I had to convince him to stop using it and go for a new one."
Even with the new standards in place and all the suggestions recommended by Ranson and his team, Porter said the helmet will always be a vulnerable object. "This is not a specification that will guarantee that there will not be a problem if you get hit flush in the face by somebody bowling at express pace. What it is designed to do is provide a basic level of protection that all helmet manufactures should be able to reach. And then once they have reached the standard, we would say you have now got a helmet that is fit for purpose and you can try and get competitive advantage by making your helmet able to pass the test at higher speeds than the standard required." That way, Porter said, there is an incentive for the manufacturers to try and continue to innovate and make the helmets much stronger.
With the new standard adopted in the UK, the ECB and the PCA are shortly to undertake an audit of all manufacturers to ascertain how close they are to achieving accreditation. "It is not believed that anyone has completed the process just yet, but the plan is to move quickly to a position where players can be advised about which helmet designs meet the new standard," Porter said.
With additional reporting from Amol Karhadkar
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Ebola toll nears 7 000  says World Health Or...You are here: Home > Collections
Ebola toll nears 7,000, says World Health Organization
AFP Nov 30, 2014, 12.41AM IST
Tags:
Ebola
(The deadliest Ebola outbreak…)
GENEVA: Nearly 7,000 people have died from Ebola in west Africa , the World Health Organization said late Friday, adding some 1,200 more deaths to a toll from two days earlier.
A total of 16,169 people were infected with Ebola of whom 6,928 died in the three countries at the centre of the outbreak -- Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia -- the WHO said.
On Wednesday,the WHO had put the Ebola death toll in the three countries at 5,674, with 15 additional deaths in other countries.
WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic attributed the steep hike in fatalities, mainly in Liberia, principally to "a reconciliation of historical numbers" and not to new deaths in recent days.
Given the difficulty in collecting figures, the agency has previously said it believes there have been far more deaths than those registered.
The deadliest Ebola outbreak ever has so far hit Liberia the hardest, although observers say the spread of the virus there has slowed significantly in recent weeks.
Nonetheless, Liberia accounts for the lion's share of the new deaths tallied, now standing at 4,181 out of 7,244 cases.
Sierra Leone, which according to the WHO is still seeing a rapid spread of Ebola in many parts of the country, now counts 1,461 deaths out of 6,802 cases, up from 1,398 deaths and 6,599 cases on November 26.
Guinea, where the outbreak began nearly a year ago, meanwhile counted 1,284 deaths out of 2,123 cases, up from 1,260 deaths and 2,134 cases two days earlier.
The WHO did not provide an update on other countries affected by the outbreak.
In the previous update the UN agency said Mali, the most recent country in the region to be hit by Ebola, had eight confirmed cases, six of which proved fatal.
The country announced Friday that it had for the first time successfully treated a patient with the virus.
Nigeria, which has reported eight Ebola deaths, and Senegal, which saw only one case, have recorded no new cases for 57 days. Both countries have now been declared Ebola-free.
There have been four Ebola cases in the United States, one of which was fatal.
There has also been one confirmed case in Spain, a nurse who has recovered.
Ebola, one of the deadliest viruses known to man, is spread only through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person showing symptoms such as fever or vomiting.
People caring for the sick or handling the dead from Ebola are especially exposed.
Health workers have been among the worst hit, with 340 deaths out of 592 cases.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sarkozy elected party chief in boost for pre...France's former president Nicolas Sarkozy elected party chief in boost for presidential bid
AFP Nov 30, 2014, 02.37AM IST
Tags:
Charles de Gaulle
(The 59-year-old has vowed…)
PARIS: France's former president Nicolas Sarkozy handily won the leadership of his right-wing UMP on Saturday, placing him firmly on the starting blocks in his race back to the presidential palace.
Sarkozy came first in the party election with a less-than-desired 64.5 per cent, placing him at the head of the deeply-split party which is hoping to turn its back on bitter leadership tussles and financial scandals.
The 59-year-old has vowed to reunite the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP), the political heir to the party founded by Charles de Gaulle after World War II, from a position seen as a key springboard back into office.
"This election marks a new beginning for our political family. We must be united and devote ourselves to finding new solutions for France," Sarkozy wrote on Facebook shortly after results were announced.
However, political commentators described his score as disappointing for someone hoping to topple the deeply unpopular Socialist President Francois Hollande in 2017 elections.
Despite his much-heralded return to politics in September, Sarkozy's comeback was largely seen as having fallen flat, with a tangle of legal woes continuing to dog him.
Nevertheless the energetic and deeply divisive ex-leader criss-crossed France to drum up support for his candidacy all the while slamming the "mediocrity" of Hollande's government.
Record unemployment, an economy in the doldrums and a string of scandals have seen Hollande's approval rating sink to new lows.
"Staying in the background when everything is going so badly would be cowardice, the opposite of my idea of political commitment," Sarkozy told a political meeting on the eve of the party vote.
He has yet to state it, but there is little doubt about Sarkozy's endgame: to win back the keys to the Elysee palace which he lost in a humiliating poll defeat to Hollande in 2012.
Unpopular at the time of his poll defeat and derided as the "bling-bling" president for his flashy style, Sarkozy is hoping to capitalise on the fact that Hollande is now even more disliked by French voters than he was.
Andrew Knapp, an expert in French politics at Britain's University of Reading said Sarkozy's bid for the presidency was "partly an act of revenge for a defeat which he has never fully accepted".
His victory at the head of the UMP is only the first battle won. "There are still a lot of people out there who cannot stomach the man, which is partly why (President Francois) Hollande was elected," said Knapp.
"But Sarkozy I think has grasped this brutal logic that getting hold of a party may not guarantee you the presidency, but not getting hold of the party almost rules you out."
For Sarkozy's race to the presidency, the real battle of opposition titans will come at party primaries due in 2016.
Chief among these is his former colleague turned arch-foe Alain Juppe, a popular politician and one-time prime minister who served as defence and then foreign minister under Sarkozy.
But analysts say the myriad legal cases over dodgy campaign financing in which Sarkozy has always denied wrongdoing could trip him up.
"Can Sarkozy really run a presidential campaign over the next two-and a-half years while periodically receiving summonses?" asked Knapp.
  "The party faithful seem to have decided that no matter what judges throw at him, Sarkozy is their darling. I don't think that is true of the wider electorate."
The far-right National Front -- flying high after making gains in local and European elections this year -- also held its party congress on Saturday.
The party, whose founder and former leader Jean-Marie Le Pen has been repeatedly convicted for inciting racism and Holocaust denial, welcomed a third generation of the political family into its leadership.
Marion Marechal-Le Pen, the blonde, 24-year-old niece of current leader Marine Le Pen -- the founder's daughter -- was elected to the party's executive committee.
For Marine Le Pen, the messy state of mainstream parties is the gift that keeps on giving. A recent poll showed she would win the first round of voting in 2017 with 30 per cent.
With Hollande taking a whipping in opinion polls, experts say the 2017 election could end up a race between the UMP candidate and Le Pen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rakesh`ji is averaging...0 Follower
Reposted about 13 days 2 hrs 22 min 11 sec ago by ajithkumar1970
I understand you wanted to enter at 9 levels however that level was never possible. M not saying evrythng is perfect here however given the crude price airline stock will rise even if balance sheet is messed up
In reply to : ashmaxim message
2.00 AM Nov 30th

Can you say the probable price target for demember and january expiry ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

So buy rajoil you will not cry you will dieCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I rely upon and trust qib`s judgement as their stakes are high since ...Gold Member
9 Followers
Then why to cry about Monte Carlo that it is highly priced....just wait......look at shemaroo ....u were crying at the time of ipo then suddenly on listing u were saying now it is good buy....now look.it is around 200  ....i think all most every retail investor has sold shemaroo.....at the time of listing itself........
In reply to : IPORAJA message
2.24 PM Nov 30th

From Kolkata to Sydney  cricket fans mourn Hughes  tragic deathsports
From Kolkata to Sydney, cricket fans mourn Phillip Hughes’ tragic death
A pair of cricket bats were put outside this house at Bondi Beach on Friday as a mark of respect to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes. (Source: Reuters)
Condolence message arrived at the home of cricket, Lord's, on the untimely demise of the Australian cricketer on Thursday. (Source: AP)
Messages for the departed soul at the Sydney Cricket Ground where he played his last ball. (Source: Reuters)
Messages and tributes to the departed soul started pouring in once the news broke on Thursday. (Source: Reuters)
A man takes a look on the flowers and messages that were kept on the main gates of the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG). (Source: Reuters)
Former India captain Sourav Ganguly signs a condolence message for Phil Hughes in Kolkata on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Australia captain Micheal Clarke couldn't get hold of the reality as he addresses a press conference at St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney. Hughes was tipped to substitute him for the first Test in Brisbane against India. (Source: Reuters)
Cricket fans in Pakistan lights candle to pay their tributes to the Australian cricketer Phil Hughes. (Source: AP)
Related

Start of shopping  marathon  looks promising  retailers sayStart of shopping 'marathon' looks promising, retailers say
Shoppers hope for successful Black Friday
Shoppers at J.C. Penney in the North Riverside Mall in Chicago hope for successful purchases on Black Friday.
Shoppers at J.C. Penney in the North Riverside Mall in Chicago hope for successful purchases on Black Friday.
Retailers report brisk sales as Black Friday kicks off.
Shopping frenzy is underway.
Decked out in matching uniforms — black, long-sleeved jerseys with "Santa Baby" on the front — Christy Horn and several relatives took a midmorning break from Black Friday shopping for a photo shoot in front of a mall Christmas tree display, making for a surprisingly bucolic postcard. A thicket of fake evergreens and faux snow were the only background, with no other shoppers in sight.
"In past years, before they did the Thursday shopping, it was jampacked," said Horn, 46, who hit Westfield Hawthorn mall in Vernon Hills at 7 a.m. Friday with a crew of aunts, nieces, mothers and daughters, upholding a 20-year Black Friday tradition. "Ever since they started opening on Thursdays, you get front-row parking and no lines."
Caption Family support
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Vicky Navarra (center) and her cousin Sophia Navarra of the Detroit area do some Black Friday shopping at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption In pursuit of deals
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill.
Black Friday shoppers pursue deals at the Fashion Outlets of Chicago in Rosemont, Ill. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Pile of boots
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall.
Lena McCarthy, 80, of Chicago searches for black boots in her size on Friday at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Kermit
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday.
Black Friday shopper Luzy Dale, center, of Berwyn buys a Kermit doll for herself at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall, Chicago, on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Holiday antlers
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday.
JC Penney support specialist Antonio Barrios, 20, straightens merchandise at JCPenny in the North Riverside Mall on Friday. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Diluted by Thursday night bargains, promotions that stretch out over the entire month and a rapid growth in online shopping, Black Friday verged on just another day for some veterans of the annual shopping ritual, historically the kickoff to the retail industry's critical holiday buying season. One retail expert predicts Black Friday will lose its title as the busiest shopping day this season as Thanksgiving Day eats away at its sales.
Retailers weren't complaining. They reported brisk sales online and in stores Thursday, stoking optimism for a shopping season expected to ring up retail sales of $616.9 billion, topping last year by 4.1 percent, according to the National Retail Federation. Spending during November and December accounts for about one-fifth of the retail industry's annual revenues.
Some activists hoped to disrupt the Black Friday shopping blitz in protest of a Missouri grand jury decision not to indict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
8
More than 50 demonstrators gathered at Water Tower Place for "Brown Friday" in hopes of dissuading Magnificent Mile shoppers with chants like "Freedom is the only option. If we don't get no justice, you don't get no profit." The protest was part of a larger national movement catching fire on social media under hashtags such as #NotOneDime and #BlackoutBlackFriday.
But organizers, who handed out fliers with information to passersby on where to support black-owned businesses, faced competition about 20 feet away, where retail employees doled out free $30 gift cards.
"A lot of people are walking around us and ignoring us — and that's to be expected," organizer Kristiana Colon said. "The fact that people are more concerned with a discount at Old Navy than a young man's life is why we're here."
Though data on store traffic and sales won't come out until the weekend, the National Retail Federation issued a statement Friday saying that it was encouraged by what it had seen on Thanksgiving and early Black Friday shopping.
"Reports of record-breaking online sales and store crowds point to a more confident and savvy holiday shopper who knows when, where and how to take advantage of all the promotions retailers are offering," said federation president and CEO Matthew Shay.
"It's important to remember, however, that despite getting out of the gates quickly, the holiday season is a marathon and not a sprint and we expect retailers to continue to be extremely competitive as they chase after the $616 billion that is on the line this holiday season," Shay said.
0
For many deal-seekers, the shopping had begun the day before, as retailers flung their doors open at 6 p.m. Thursday and earlier — and not just at big-box centers and department stores. A jovial holiday shopping mood coursed through Michigan Avenue on Thanksgiving night, when H&M opened for the first time between 6 p.m. and midnight, Aldo shoe store extended its hours until 2 a.m. and Forever 21 stayed open through the night. Several Michigan Avenue stores open Thanksgiving Day, from Guess to Ann Taylor, boasted 50 percent off discounts for the entire store.
Some shoppers made it an all-night affair.
Annette and Ricardo Hernandez had already been shopping for 10 hours straight when they found themselves snacking on Cinnabons while waiting for Champs Sports to open at 6 a.m. Friday at Woodfield Mall. They had nabbed deals on a gaming chair, books and clothes at Wal-Mart, Target, Kohl's and Best Buy before heading to the Schaumburg mall, and though they'd already finished most of their holiday shopping by early Black Friday, they said they would keep up the browsing and buying into the afternoon.
"It's fun," said Annette Hernandez, 38, of Roselle. "We get to do the overnight thing, we don't have the kids to drag around, and the other part of it, it's just fun watching what other people are doing."
Franca Hartman finished working a Thanksgiving evening shift at Old Navy in Mount Prospect, where the crowds were "ridiculous," she said, before her sister and cousins picked her up and whisked her to Woodfield Mall shortly before 2 a.m. Friday.
Hartman, who had started to tire, perked up after some coffee and a visit to Sephora.
"The sales!" said Hartman, 17, of Des Plaines. "I have to get them."
The annual spending bonanza arrives amid several promising economic factors.
Gas prices were down to just under $3 in the Chicago metro area for a gallon of regular unleaded, compared with $3.40 a year ago. Nationally, the average price was $2.79, down from $3.28 the previous year.
The Chicago metro area's unemployment rate fell to 6 percent in October from 6.2 percent in September, an improvement from the 8.5 percent rate of the prior year.
Not all is merry and bright. Wages have been flat for years. And consumer confidence fell slightly in November.
But retailers were enthusiastic.
Wal-Mart said 22 million customers shopped at its stores Thursday and its website had 300 million page views, a record. Online revenues on Thanksgiving were second only to last year's Cyber Monday, which is the Monday after Thanksgiving when online deals are king. Video games, wireless prepaid phones, HDTVs and baby items were popular online items, Wal-Mart said. Tablets, TVs, sheets, children's apparel and video gaming were the top sellers in the store.
Sears said lines were on par or longer than those last year, and that home appliance departments were the most crowded, as people snapped up mixers, toasters and coffee makers, spokeswoman Jamie Stein said.
Macy's said all 32 doors of its State Street store were bursting with customers when it opened at 6 p.m. Thursday. Winter coats, cashmere sweaters, small electronics and luggage sets were selling well, said spokeswoman Andrea Schwartz.
Online activity, meanwhile, rose sharply. According to Adobe Digital Index, $1.33 billion was spent Thursday on retail websites, up 25 percent from last year. Twenty-nine percent of those sales came from mobile devices, up from 21 percent last year, evidence of the growing importance of smartphones as a shopping tool, according to Adobe, which measures millions of visits to more than 4,500 U.S. retail sites, including those of the top 500 U.S. retailers.

Revealed: Tata Motors  new trick to revive its businessTata Motors’ new growth plan
Recommend
Link
21 days ago, ET NOW
Mayank Pareek, head of the passenger vehicles of Tata Motors said that in the recent past sale of Tata have not been encouraging, but there is a focus on rural and emerging markets.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 8 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Modi hasn t fulfilled any of his election promises  says MulayamNov 29, 2014 at 09:01pm IST
Modi hasn't fulfilled any of his election promises, says Mulayam
14
0
Ahmedabad: Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday alleged that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has failed to fulfil any of his election-time commitments, including the promise to bring the black money back.
"Modi worked hard and got success (in the Lok Sabha elections). But he has not fulfilled any of the promises... such as providing jobs to each and every youngster, which influenced the youth at great extent. But not a single youngster was given job," said Yadav.
Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav were in the city on Saturday to attend a function in the family of former Medical Council of India president Ketan Desai. They were accompanied by SP MP Naresh Agrawal and Congress leader Rajiv Shukla.
"Modi worked hard and got success (in the Lok Sabha elections). But he has not fulfilled any of the promises... such as providing jobs to each and every youngster, which influenced the youth at great extent," said Yadav.
#mulayam singh yadav #narendra modi #sp #bjp
Speaking to reporters at the airport, Yadav said, "Modi claimed Rs 15 lakh will be deposited in every citizen's account by bringing the black money back. Did he fulfil that promise?... I want to ask him why that money has not been given to the people yet."
"When he became the PM, I asked all my party leaders not to comment on his performance for a period of six months. Some of them were not happy about this decision. But when Modi finishes six months, everyone will speak."
Yadav however admitted that Third Front proved "weak" in stopping the BJP.      "We(the Third Front) have been fighting against BJP for long. We had finished BJP in the past, but somehow they formed the government in the Centre. We need to find out whose weakness was responsible for BJP's rise," he said.
1

Chespirito diesTwo Mexicana stamps feature El Chavo del Ocho and El Chapulín Colorado, characters created by the Mexican comedian Roberto Gómez Bolaños. (Dario Lopez-Mills/AP)
By Isaac Garrido November 29
Roberto Gómez Bolaños, the Mexican comedian who wrote and played the boy television character “El Chavo del Ocho” who was beloved by millions of Latin American children, died Nov. 28 in Cancun. He was 85.
The Mexican television network Televisa announced the death, and numerous news agencies later reported the cause as a heart attack.
Mr. Gómez Bolaños changed comedy in Latin America, taking his inspiration from Laurel and Hardy as well as Mexico’s other transcendent comedian who eventually made it to Hollywood, Cantinflas.
Mr. Gómez Bolaños’s two most famous characters were El Chavo del Ocho, who lived in the homes of Latin America and beyond with his barrel, freckles, striped shirt and frayed cap, and the naive superhero El Chapulín Colorado, or the Crimson Grasshopper. His show was a staple for preschoolers, much like “Captain Kangaroo” in the United States.
His clean comedy style was far removed from the sexual innuendo and obscenity-laced jokes popular today. In a career that started in the 1950s, he wrote hundreds of television episodes, 20 films and theater productions that drew record-breaking audiences.
His prolific output earned him the nickname Chespirito (chess-pee-REE-to). It came from the Spanish phonetic pronunciation of Shakespeare — “Chespir” — combined with “ito,” a diminutive commonly used in Mexico that seemed natural for Mr. Gómez Bolaños because of his short stature.
On Friday, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto tweeted, “Mexico has lost an icon whose work has transcended generations and borders.”
Roberto Gómez Bolaños, whose father was a renowned painter and illustrator, was born in Mexico City on Feb. 21, 1929. He trained as an engineer, but he was dedicated to writing from a young age and initially worked in advertising and then for Mexican television shows.
He achieved smashing success in 1970 with the creation of “Chespirito,” a television show that included segments about the Crimson Grasshopper.
The character was introduced via an announcer: “More agile than a turtle, stronger than a mouse, nobler than a lettuce, his coat of arms is a heart . . . It’s the Crimson Grasshopper!”
The goofy superhero dressed in a red bodysuit and hood with antennae that helped him detect danger miles away. He completed the outfit with yellow shorts and boots, giving him the look of a red bumblebee. The character, whose superpowers included shrinking to the size of a pill and dodging enemies, constantly repeated his signature phrases, “You didn’t count on my cleverness” and “All the good people, follow me.”
In 1971, Gómez Bolaños wrote and acted as “El Chavo del Ocho” (“The Boy From the Eight”), a reference to the channel that broadcast the show.
1 of 109

Rift with AMU ends  BJP calls-off protest over proposed event59
0
Aligarh: The stand-off between the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday has ended. The BJP has relented and decided to call off the protest that it had planned at the university gates after Vice Chancellor Zameeruddin Shah gave his nod to hold a seminar of Raja Mahendra Pratap.
"The VC has agreed to do a seminar. We are satisfied with it and have decided not to hold a protest outside the campus, we will hold celebrations near the statue," BJP MP Satish Gautam said.
The AMU Vice Chancellor had earlier, made it clear that he would not be arm-twisted. He had written to the Human Resource Development (HRD) Ministry warning that the celebrations on December 1 could lead to "massive student unrest" and had raised a possibility of a communal flare up.
#aligarh #aligarh muslim university #bjp #raja mahendra pratap
The professors from the University said, "why hold seminar under BJP pressure?"
A row had broke out over the birth anniversary celebrations of 'jat leader' Raja Mahendra Pratap - a freedom fighter who donated land for the University Campus. BJP has been alleging that the university is not giving due respect to the Jat leader. However, the VC had said, "there are hundreds of donors, we can't go on celebrating days of donors."
A resurgent BJP in Uttar Pradesh is looking at the AMU as the last bastion to conquer before the big 2017 state elections.
Political war game has begun, with other parties accusing the BJP of politicising the issue. BSP Chief Mayawati accused the BJP of trying to spread communal tension while a local SP MLA Zafar Alam voiced "serious concern" over likely repercussions of the rally. NCP leader Tariq Anwar also accused the BJP of trying to worsen the communal atmosphere in UP.
The BJP, though rubbished allegations that it is politicising the issue to gain Jat votes and maintained that their efforts were only to honour a leader.
21

Noida: I-T raids at Mayawati s aide Yadav Singh s residence  Rs 10 crore in cash recovered21
0
New Delhi: Twenty raids and more than 10 crores in cash and jewellery weighing nearly 2 kilograms has been recovered from Mayawati's aide Yadav Singh's residence. Yet, the income tax department is yet to dig out the full details of this man's ill gotten wealth. The investigation so far has revealed that 30 per cent of the kickback paid for every tender in Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna expressway went into Yadav's kitty.
Even as the investigation into Yadav Singh's illegally accumulated wealth is underway, more murky details are now emerging. Documents found in the chief engineer's possession and details given by several witnesses suggest that not a single tender could be passed in Noida without his consent. Yadav who has now been shunted out of his post apparently received a 30 per cent kickback for every tender he passed.
Investigations have also revealed that Yadav Singh has invested his black money in 18 builder projects in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad and in 2 projects in Agra. The IT department is likely to question the builders soon. The IT department has also found that the CBCID had given a clean chit to Yadav in the 954 crore scam for which he was suspended earlier this year. Based on the verdict, Yadav was reinstated as the chief engineer barely 2 weeks ago. Sources suggest that CBCID officers are also on the IT department's radar now.
#mayawati #yadav singh #black money #noida
The income tax department also carried out raids at Yadav's Noida authority office in sector 6. So far the IT dept has been focusing on tax frauds but considering the huge amount that has been recovered, they are planning to seek an Enforcement Directorate probe into the matter as well. Sources suggest the ED could begin their investigations soon and several arrests could follow.
34

Watch: Cyrus Broacha in an interview with HRD Minister Smriti IraniHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mulayam takes a dig at Modi  Akhilesh meetsAnandibenBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:12 am
Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday made balanced political statements during their trip to Ahmedabad to attend a wedding event of former Medical Council of India (MCI) chief Ketan Desai’s son.
While the father criticised the Narendra Modi government, junior Yadav, as a part of protocol, paid a courtesy visit to Chief Minister Anandiben Patel and exchanged gifts.
Soon after landing at Ahmedabad airport, Mulayam Singh Yadav told the mediapersons that from this trip on they would begin taking dig at the Modi government. “He (Modi) had said that he will fulfil promises in six months. We remained quite for six months. But now we will speak,” said senior Yadav.
“The biggest of all promises was of giving employment to youths. But he has so far failed to do so,” he added. However, in the same breath, he also said that the PM is a hard-working person. “He (Modi) does hard work and remains among the people. But he has failed to fulfil his promises,” he said
Over the issue of the forging family ties with Lalu Prasad, former UP CM said, “It is a personal matter. It can’t be related to politics. And, earlier too, we have worked for the same party for years. I used to visit to Bihar as a colleague when he was CM.”
Replying to quaries on  forming a third front, Mulayam Singh said, “The BJP has come to power because of someone’s weakness. But the SP has not gone weak. Seats may have reduced, but our voting percentage has not gone down. We have maintained our strong position.”
He also said that the Gujarat government should come forward to help the woman from Vadodara who had put herself on sale on social networking site.
Meanwhile, UP CM Akhilesh Yadav met Anandiben Patel at her office in Gandhinagar. For the meeting that lasted for more than an hour, an official release by the Gujarat Information Department said, “UP CM Akhilesh Yadav paid a courtesy visit to the CM”.
Akhilesh Yadav, maintaining that they were in Ahmedabd for a private function, refused to make any comment.

ISIS youth Areeb says they got combat training  were split as per educationalskillsWritten by Meghna Yelluru , Gautam Sandip Mengle , Deepak Joshi | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:21 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 8:57 am
A Special court Saturday remanded Kalyan college youth-turned-Islamic State jihadist Areeb Ejaz Majeed to National Investigation Agency custody till December 8.
Areeb was booked and arrested in the wee hours of Saturday under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
With an FIR lodged against Areeb as well as the three others from Kalyan who are believed to have joined ISIS along with him — naming them “wanted accused” — they would also face arrest if they return.
Despair again descended on Govindwadi-Dudh Naka belt in Kalyan on Saturday as news of Areeb’s arrest spread. His successful return from Turkey on Friday morning, following a covert operation by the government, had raised hopes of the other families that their own sons would come back.
Citing among other things the bullet injuries on Areeb’s right shoulder, the NIA on Saturday sought his custody for 14 days. Areeb was reportedly shot in August, three months after going missing.
Dressed in a kurta and pyjama, Areeb was brought to court with his face covered. As soon as the veil on his face was removed inside the courtroom, the 24-year-old covered his head with a black skull cap. Compared to his photos on social media sites, he looked thinner and had no beard.
Areeb has reportedly told investigators that after basic combat training in Iraq, he and his friends were separated by the ISIS based on their educational qualifications. “Areeb, due to his qualifications as a civil engineering student, was made part of the section in charge of building and construction,” said a source.
No one from the family appeared to have been present for the court hearing Saturday. Areeb looked straight at the judge and not once glanced at the packed courtroom. At times he appeared to be praying, his head bowed low.
When Judge P R Deshmukh asked him if he had secured a lawyer, Areeb said, “Koi mila hi nahi kal se (I haven’t found anyone since yesterday).” However when asked if he had any problems, he replied in the negative.
Prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the four youths, including Areeb, Saheem Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, had “undergone basic training with weapons, firearms and AK-47 rifles” with ISIS.
She said the NIA hoped to “unearth the entire conspiracy” and retrieve information on the weapons used by them, their training methods and the role played by Areeb and his accomplices, with his interrogation. “We asked Areeb about his indoctrination and his journey to Iraq, and he maintains that he did it all by himself, without any help or influence from anyone. He says he viewed radical material online and then, along with friends, went to Iraq as part of a tour, after which they joined the ISIS,” a source said.
Areeb was arrested from his home early Saturday even as the families of the other missing Kalyan youths hoped to meet him to find out about their sons.
On Saturday, the Sarvodaya Society where his family lives on the second floor wore a sombre look, with hardly anyone around. “I was hoping to meet Dr Majeed (Majeed’s father) so I could ask him if Areeb had said anything about Saheem. We are back to wondering what condition our boy is in,” said Saheem’s uncle Kashif Tanki.
Fahad’s mother Zohra added, “We can only pray that our children come back by some miracle, the way Areeb did.”
The families of all the three, Saheem, Fahad and Aman, said they had had no contact with them since August. The last contact was when Saheem had called his family to tell them about Areeb’s supposed death.
“Right now, we have no idea what to expect and what to believe. We can only wait, watch and pray,” said Aman’s father Naim Tandel.

Centre to revive 4 500 sick MSME units:KalrajBy: Express News Service | Vadodara |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 1:51 pm
Union Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME) Minister Kalraj Mishra on Saturday said that the government was working on reviving as many as 4,500 of the nearly 12.2 lakh MSME units that were declared “sick” by the Reserve Bank of India in 2013. He said this while addressing a gathering of representatives of MSMEs at the venue of the ongoing VCCI Exhibition.
Mishra said the government was taking several steps aimed towards strengthening the MSME sectors which formed the “backbone of Indian economy.” Of the existing 3.62 crore MSMEs in the country, over 12.2 lakhs were declared sick units by the RBI based on its guidelines.
“The government is working on reviving as many as 4,500 such units…The government is also planning to open up 1,500 incubation centres to hand-hold innovators and entrepreneurs, and has also opened a couple of skill development centres in Noida and Hyderabad to get entrepreneurs and ITI diploma holders together under one roof to thrash out their ideas for new entrepreneurship. The government has also opened some of the 18 planned tool rooms, which are specially located in areas where facilities for industry are limited,” he added.
Mishra also said the government was planning to make it mandatory for PSUs to make 27 per cent purchases form MSMEs from April 2015 onwards.
The representatives of the MSMEs have come up with several suggestions including implementation of goods and services tax in place of excise, service tax, VAT, etc., revision in the definition of the MEMEs, non-application of the NPA norms for new units up to three years, low interest rates of loans to MSMEs, single point monitoring bodies, MSME service sector be treated at par with manufacturing sector, power subsidy schemes, and financial support to MSME help desk being run by industry chambers.
Mishra said the government was considering all these recommendations, especially the one related to changing the definition of the MSMEs which the industry bodies have demanded should be revised in keeping with inflation.
“We are working on the recommendations. The matter will be discussed soon,” Mishra said. The industry body believes that a micro enterprise should be defined as a one with an investment of between Rs 25-50 lakh; small enterprise as one with upto Rs 10 crore investment; and medium enterprise as one with an investment of Rs 10-20 crore.

News recap: It s a boy for Riteish and GeneliaBollywood Couple Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'souza Blessed With Baby Boy
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Thu 27 Nov, 2014 3:55 AM IST
Share 0
They are loved for their pairing both on- and off-screen; and they are looked up to as one of the most picture-perfect couples in Bollywood. And now, they are also the proud parents of a baby boy. We are talking about Bollywood's sweetest couple- Genelia and Riteish Deshmukh. On November 25, Riteish wrote on his Twitter profile, “It's a BBBOOOOYYYYYY!!!!!!!!” And, this was enough for the couple's friends and fans to send in their love and wishes.
It was earlier this year, while Riteish was promoting his film Lai Bhaari, he officially announced the good news of Genelia’s pregnancy. Riteish in an interview candidly confessed, “Yes, Genelia is pregnant, and we are looking forward to the baby and are very excited about it." (Read more on  Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'souza to be Called Mom and Dad Soon )
The couple first met when they came together for their debut film, Tujhe Meri Kasam, in 2002. They went on to become best friends, fall in love, and eventually, became an inseparable couple. The two have been one of the rare Bollywood couples, to have shared the longest courtship period, devoid of any controversies. They got married in 2012.
Want to know more about this adorable couple's love story? Well, then you must read:  An Eternal Love Story- Riteish and Genelia Deshmukh
According to the industry sources, Genelia was admitted to the Breach Candy hospital, Mumbai, for the birth of her first child. She was accompanied by Riteish, who it seemed had no intentions of leaving his wife’s side at such a beautiful and crucial time.
The couple was last spotted together at Salman Khan’s sister, Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma’s wedding reception that was held in Mumbai on November 21. At the reception, the adorable couple even posed for some candid pictures for the media, where Riteish even held Genelia’s baby bump.
Recommended Read:  Bollywood Celebrity Husbands who took Paternity Leave for their Wives
Images via International Business Times
As soon as Riteish posted the news of becoming a father, his friends from Bollywood also extended their happy wishes to the adorable couple. Here is what some of them had to say:
Karan Johar: “And humongous congratulations to @Riteishd and @geneliad on being proud parents to a baby boy!!!!! Love you lots!!!!!”
Abhishek Bachchan: “Congratulations @Riteishd and @geneliad on the arrival of the greatest gift ever. Welcome to the parents club!!”
Recommended Read: 10 Creative Ways For Wives To Announce Their Pregnancy To Their Husband
Nikhil Dwivedi: “@Riteishd congratulations buddy. What super news n he shares his b'day with me!”
Lara Dutta: “Heartiest congratulations to my dearest @Riteishd and new mama @geneliad!! Welcome to the best time in ur life!!!”
Bipasha Basu: “@Riteishd and @geneliad! Woohoo! Daddy n mommy! Congrats! Lil baby boy! Wow!”
Want to know why we keep calling Riteish, one of the most doting husbands of Bollywood? Well, just read:  Lessons for Men from the 5 Most Loving Celebrity Husbands of Bollywood
Riteish and Genelia are no doubt, one of the most loved couples of Bollywood. This beautiful jodi has even made their mark on BollywoodShaadis.com time and again because of their love and devotion for each other, which is just so infectious and inspiring. Everything from their love story to their wedding ( Read Here ) is just as adorable as a true-to-heart romantic Bollywood film.
Recommended Read: Bollywood Celebrity Couples Who Chose Unique Names For Their Kids
And on December 6, Riteish and Genelia named their son Riaan Riteish Deshmukh, at a private 'Barsa' (naming) ceremony in Mumbai. While it was Genelia who announced this on Twitter, the excited father Riteish shared their son's first picture, though partially.
So, take a look at the youngest Dekhmukh.
Riteish Deshmukh is certainly one of the most loved actors not only for his acting skills, but also the way he openly express his love for his family. And, now, one of the most doting husbands of Bollywood is also an excited father, and we are sure he will excel in this role as well. We at BollywoodShaadis.com would love to congratulate the lovely couple, and would also wish them the best from our hearts!
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ
1 - 4 of 71

Dressing room will never be same without Hughes Michael ClarkeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TWTW: Why Lalu Prasad holds his bungalowHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch: The Week That Wasn t with Cyrus BroachaHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Rajesh   not only me i know quite a few here who bought a few lac yds ...684 Followers
Reposted about 2 days 22 hrs 37 min 20 sec ago by headsett
GM Jays & Friends ...IMHO the Modi Ji driven bull party is mostly over , smart money is selling India & buying China ...except for US nothing else is looking good ...India suffers from matching its deeds to extremely high expectations ..90% chances you will see small upward bumps up after few steep corrections ...market will form new more realistic  opinion on India after budget 2015 , else valuations shrink , what was 6 p/e is now 16 ..will go back to 9 or 11 .
Time to play smart and early  ..to beat the situation you need to buy up stocks with very high upside kickers ..Tanla got one a few days back , Onmobi hit UC yesterday on buy back news ...had advised both , am invested in both my self .
Good sectors to be :  those benefiting from low commodity prices of ...petrochem , cotton , synthetics , rubber etc & hot sectors : Defense , E Com , Logistics , Pharma & lastly the lazy guys who watch TV reaction : Buy well known defensives in  Tobacco, Alcholo , Gambling , FMCG & Pharma ...rgds
In reply to : Jays.Maverick message
6.28 AM Dec 10th

@ guest ji  neo is worse than ester. i know it since 2000  when it was...Platinum Member
180 Followers
@ guest ji, I was a shareholder of Ester since 1995. It had made many ups & downs, no doubt. I said few days ago that I d purchased Neo @ 30p in 2002 and sold @Rs3- 4/ in 2006 after visiting their Regd office. In 2009( if I m correct) ester declared an int. and final div. of Rs2/ each. Later years, not only Ester, Uflex, Jind. Poly, Polyplex etc. all were grounded due to adverse market condition. What I mean to say is: the mngmt. of Ester is more honest than that of Neo. For quite few years, Neo declared a div. of 5%, irrespective of its fin. result.
In reply to : Guest message
7.52 PM Dec 8th

Why this obsession with warmest  she cud be a girl or guy or six er o...Gold Member
15 Followers
think abt this..if i did not hv any share og a co. or not intetested in buying as its going to bust. why d hell will i waste my time in dis mmb..lol.. next ..u wanted to buy sj at 12 or 9? why even at 12 wn u knw its going to be 0? srry all r argyuments only point out to be a case of sour grapes..lol..i

Spectacular photos: Inside Indias most luxurious trainsTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Prepare for tomorrow: Six career insights for 20156 Career Insights for 2015
By Arnie Fertig | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Tue 25 Nov, 2014 8:35 PM IST
Print
Each fall, the Career Thought Leaders Consortium sponsors the Global Careers Brainstorming Day, when about a dozen groups of career professionals gather to discuss what's new and what's next in the world of career management, counseling, coaching and job hunting . The same structured sessions take place simultaneously in locations throughout the U.S., abroad and online. At the Boston gathering, there were about a dozen academic-based and government-funded career center professionals, independent career counselors, résumé writers and coaches.
A white paper that coalesces the insights from all the groups will be published in the first quarter of 2015. Until then, here are six main areas of insight drawn from the Boston session:
1. LinkedIn is essential, but it has limits. The group was unanimous that LinkedIn is key to almost all job searches. It allows a job seeker to present a personalized snapshot, in longer form than in a résumé.
Nonetheless, it remains intimidating to many, and some industries (such as financial services) are limited in their ability to share information.
"Your social media profile has to be not only about what you do, but how you do it. Stories can back up your claims," says Lynn Levy, a career consultant at REA Partners in Transition.
Still, many people who are currently working, but seeking to make a move, are unnecessarily afraid to make necessary changes and updates to their LinkedIn profiles . They fear that their boss or co-workers will note the changes and begin to suspect disloyalty.
Plus, Lily Chryssis, who supports MBA students at Babson College, observes that many of her international student clients from China and Latin America encounter significant language barriers. As Jane McHale, a leading personal brand coach, puts it: "LinkedIn needs a translation service."
Several group members think that down the line, there will be a backlash against LinkedIn's predominance in the job market and something else will emerge to provide competition.
2. It's increasingly important to post work samples online in order to be found and evaluated. If you are a "creative," such as a web designer, graphic artist, architect, photographer or performer, it pays to have your own website and use it to show portfolios of your work. Likewise, if you are a computer coder, it's important to use sites like Github to post examples of your work.
3. Employers are seeking relationships with students years ahead of hiring them. Many employers are drawing students into their orbit years before they're ready to hire them, whether through their employment portals on their websites, LinkedIn relationships or internship programs .
Rather than relying on a single interview, employers look at a person's growth over years. They identify potential top performers early on and build relationships with those students, so that they will become the employer of choice when the student is ready to enter into the employment pool.
4. Supply and demand still rule. When unemployment was high and quality job seekers were plentiful, employers had the luxury of defining very narrow targets that a candidate had to hit in order to be hired. Now that the economy is recovering and the rates of unemployment have decreased, companies need to loosen their requirements and become more reasonable. As this trend continues, employers will be more likely to seriously consider career changers with the appropriate skills than they have been in recent years.
5. Companies and employees are readjusting their mutual expectations. In the past, a person might expect that the vast majority of his (back then it was only "his") career would be at a single company, and he would look forward to a fully funded retirement. Smart employers and employees recognize that this is no longer the case and adapt to it from both sides. A feeling of self-fulfillment in a meaningful job has a much greater priority for younger generations. They typically don't expect to remain at a company more than three to five years.
Smart companies are interested in where their employees are going to end up and brand themselves that way. They will provide ever more opportunities for employees to experiment at different roles within the company and to gain experience that will enable them to move forward with their longer-term career objectives. While this is not yet the norm for most companies, the group of experts in Boston senses that a trend toward this corporate attitude will emerge in coming years.
6. The global employment landscape is changing. Louise Kursmark, one of the CTL leaders and organizers of Global Careers Brainstorming Day suggests that we need to change our vocabulary when talking about work. She argues that we shouldn't even use the term "permanent job" and instead talk about a "full-time job.".
If you are in the job-search mode today, here are a few key takeaways:
-- Make sure your LinkedIn profile is always up to date , and use it to tell your own unique story in an interesting and compelling fashion.
-- Understand that the nature of work is changing, and the mutual obligations of employers and employees are no longer what they used to be.
-- If you are interested in changing careers, make sure you acquire the skills and experience that will be relevant to what you want to do next. Opportunities to jump from one role to another will likely increase as the economy continues to improve.
-- Forget about trying to get a job or work in a company long-term. Understand that your résumé a decade from now will likely include multiple career moves. Be prepared to make those moves in a purposeful, thoughtful progression.
Happy hunting!
Arnie Fertig, MPA, is passionate about helping his Jobhuntercoach clients advance their careers by transforming frantic "I'll apply to anything" searches into focused hunts for "great fit" opportunities. He brings to each client the extensive knowledge he gained when working in HR staffing and managing his boutique recruiting firm.
More From US News & World Report

Chennai civic body to roll out SWOT analysis of all its schoolsUpdated: November 30, 2014 02:27 IST
Chennai civic body to roll out SWOT analysis of all its schools
Evelyn Ratnakumar
Tweet
THE HINDU
The initiative will take a look at the admission statistics of the past three years — Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
In a renewed effort to give Chennai Corporation schools a leg up, the civic body’s officials are making a fresh assessment of all its 282 schools through an admission analysis.
Sources at the Corporation said a SWOT analysis would be conducted by taking into account admission statistics of the past three years in all Corporation schools.
“We are trying to understand why admission may have dropped in certain areas and figure ways to retain the children in our schools,” a Corporation official said.
Senior Corporation officials will be making field visits to schools.
“A senior official visited one of our schools in north Chennai recently, to assess the possibility of converting it into a residential school under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan,” the official added.
About 56 schools had been merged between the period of 1999 and 2011 due to low enrolment. Recently, a resolution was passed at the Corporation council to convert 12 defunct Corporation schools into shelters for homeless persons. Further, unused school buildings have been turned into offices for the Corporation.
‘On a par with private schools’
Corporation officials, however, said that as far as quality of education is concerned, the schools are on a par with private ones.
“Maybe we lack good marketing skills, but our students are doing just as well. We are just facing stiff competition from private schools, as parents believe it is below their station to admit their children in Corporation schools. We need to figure out a way to dispel that myth,” a senior Corporation official said.
An issue faced by Corporation schools in labour-intensive areas is dropout. “Schools in areas such as Taramani and Vyasarpadi have dropouts as parents may be migrant labourers. We are trying to convert such schools into residential ones so that education is not disrupted,” an official said.
Minimum learning material is being prepared for all subjects for students of classes X and XII, based on performance in the quarterly examinations.
“We had a lot of failures in English and Mathematics. We are trying to train these children with the material,” the official added.

District court fines two UT cops for false arrest on theft chargeWritten by Japjeet Duggal | Chandigarh |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:24 am
In a rare case of police personnel fined for making false charges of offence against an accused, an inspector and an assistant sub-inspector of the UT Police were recently hauled up and slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh each.
While acquitting the accused from theft charges, possession of stolen property and trespassing in order to commit a punishable offence of the Indian Penal Code, the court of civil judge, junior division Jaswinder Singh had directed the UT Administration to pay a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the accused and giving liberty to retrieve the amount from the salaries of the two officers.
The court observed that “prima facie the offences under Sections 166 (Public servant disobeying law) and 211 (false charge of offence made intentionally) of IPC are made out” against the investigating officer, ASI Gurdit Singh and then SHO of Sector 11 police stations, inspector Gurmukh Singh. The case dates back to February 8, 2012, when storekeeper of Chandigarh College of Architecture, Ramesh Chander Pal, was arrested while he was allegedly trying to transport seven chairs stolen from the college. While police claimed that these were heritage chairs, the principal testified that these were old broken chairs which he had authoritied Ramesh to take for repairs.
The judgment reads, “Keeping in view the fact that the accused faced a lot of humiliation for more than two years, UT Administration is directed to pay compensation of Rs 1 lakh to him, which shall be deposited within a period on one month from today and the same shall be released in favour of the accused.” Ramesh was caught at a naka near gate number 1 of Panjab University. He was nabbed while he was taking the broken chairs to his residence in Dadumajra. The then CCA Principal Pardeep Bhagat had lodged a complaint with the police regarding the missing chairs a day before Ramesh’s arrest.
According to the judgment, the complainant, Pardeep Bhagat, in his statements to the court held that he was never asked to verify the chairs which were recovered by the police. Also, he was not consulted before the arrest. The judgment reads, “IO (ASI Gurdit) did not make any effort to trace the real culprit and to recommend filing of cancellation report against the arrested accused.” The heritage chairs were also never found. Each chair was worth close to Rs 25 lakh in international market.
It adds, “The then SHO PS-11 is equally responsible for the harassment suffered by the accused because he issued challan against the accused without having any evidence against him.”
Complainant’s deposition
The complainaint, Pardeep Bhagat told the court, “The chairs produced in the court today belong to the boys hostel and the rehri belongs to the mess of our college. I had also got the matter inquired at the departmental level by forming a committee in which the accused, Ramesh Chander, was found innocent. He has been given promotion as Junior Assistant w.e.f. 1.5.2013. The chairs were being shifted on my order.”

Centre to revive 4 500 sick MSME units: KalrajBy: Express News Service | Vadodara |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 1:51 pm
Union Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME) Minister Kalraj Mishra on Saturday said that the government was working on reviving as many as 4,500 of the nearly 12.2 lakh MSME units that were declared “sick” by the Reserve Bank of India in 2013. He said this while addressing a gathering of representatives of MSMEs at the venue of the ongoing VCCI Exhibition.
Mishra said the government was taking several steps aimed towards strengthening the MSME sectors which formed the “backbone of Indian economy.” Of the existing 3.62 crore MSMEs in the country, over 12.2 lakhs were declared sick units by the RBI based on its guidelines.
“The government is working on reviving as many as 4,500 such units…The government is also planning to open up 1,500 incubation centres to hand-hold innovators and entrepreneurs, and has also opened a couple of skill development centres in Noida and Hyderabad to get entrepreneurs and ITI diploma holders together under one roof to thrash out their ideas for new entrepreneurship. The government has also opened some of the 18 planned tool rooms, which are specially located in areas where facilities for industry are limited,” he added.
Mishra also said the government was planning to make it mandatory for PSUs to make 27 per cent purchases form MSMEs from April 2015 onwards.
The representatives of the MSMEs have come up with several suggestions including implementation of goods and services tax in place of excise, service tax, VAT, etc., revision in the definition of the MEMEs, non-application of the NPA norms for new units up to three years, low interest rates of loans to MSMEs, single point monitoring bodies, MSME service sector be treated at par with manufacturing sector, power subsidy schemes, and financial support to MSME help desk being run by industry chambers.
Mishra said the government was considering all these recommendations, especially the one related to changing the definition of the MSMEs which the industry bodies have demanded should be revised in keeping with inflation.
“We are working on the recommendations. The matter will be discussed soon,” Mishra said. The industry body believes that a micro enterprise should be defined as a one with an investment of between Rs 25-50 lakh; small enterprise as one with upto Rs 10 crore investment; and medium enterprise as one with an investment of Rs 10-20 crore.

Rupee falls for 5th straight week; ends at 9-month lowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ISIS youth from Kalyan says they got combat training  were split as per educational skillsWritten by Meghna Yelluru , Gautam Sandip Mengle , Deepak Joshi | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:21 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 8:57 am
A Special court Saturday remanded Kalyan college youth-turned-Islamic State jihadist Areeb Ejaz Majeed to National Investigation Agency custody till December 8.
Areeb was booked and arrested in the wee hours of Saturday under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
With an FIR lodged against Areeb as well as the three others from Kalyan who are believed to have joined ISIS along with him — naming them “wanted accused” — they would also face arrest if they return.
Despair again descended on Govindwadi-Dudh Naka belt in Kalyan on Saturday as news of Areeb’s arrest spread. His successful return from Turkey on Friday morning, following a covert operation by the government, had raised hopes of the other families that their own sons would come back.
Citing among other things the bullet injuries on Areeb’s right shoulder, the NIA on Saturday sought his custody for 14 days. Areeb was reportedly shot in August, three months after going missing.
Dressed in a kurta and pyjama, Areeb was brought to court with his face covered. As soon as the veil on his face was removed inside the courtroom, the 24-year-old covered his head with a black skull cap. Compared to his photos on social media sites, he looked thinner and had no beard.
Areeb has reportedly told investigators that after basic combat training in Iraq, he and his friends were separated by the ISIS based on their educational qualifications. “Areeb, due to his qualifications as a civil engineering student, was made part of the section in charge of building and construction,” said a source.
No one from the family appeared to have been present for the court hearing Saturday. Areeb looked straight at the judge and not once glanced at the packed courtroom. At times he appeared to be praying, his head bowed low.
When Judge P R Deshmukh asked him if he had secured a lawyer, Areeb said, “Koi mila hi nahi kal se (I haven’t found anyone since yesterday).” However when asked if he had any problems, he replied in the negative.
Prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the four youths, including Areeb, Saheem Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, had “undergone basic training with weapons, firearms and AK-47 rifles” with ISIS.
She said the NIA hoped to “unearth the entire conspiracy” and retrieve information on the weapons used by them, their training methods and the role played by Areeb and his accomplices, with his interrogation. “We asked Areeb about his indoctrination and his journey to Iraq, and he maintains that he did it all by himself, without any help or influence from anyone. He says he viewed radical material online and then, along with friends, went to Iraq as part of a tour, after which they joined the ISIS,” a source said.
Areeb was arrested from his home early Saturday even as the families of the other missing Kalyan youths hoped to meet him to find out about their sons.
On Saturday, the Sarvodaya Society where his family lives on the second floor wore a sombre look, with hardly anyone around. “I was hoping to meet Dr Majeed (Majeed’s father) so I could ask him if Areeb had said anything about Saheem. We are back to wondering what condition our boy is in,” said Saheem’s uncle Kashif Tanki.
Fahad’s mother Zohra added, “We can only pray that our children come back by some miracle, the way Areeb did.”
The families of all the three, Saheem, Fahad and Aman, said they had had no contact with them since August. The last contact was when Saheem had called his family to tell them about Areeb’s supposed death.
“Right now, we have no idea what to expect and what to believe. We can only wait, watch and pray,” said Aman’s father Naim Tandel.

@darshan  kaha ho bhai Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

But new airlines are also entering  how will it retain it`s market sha...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stockflash bro im holdng nifty put.will there be any fall atlesst till...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Stockflash # buy reliance at cmp target 1002....1012....1027Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The last three RGIII ThanksgivingsBy Dan Steinberg November 27 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Post archives)
Thanksgiving week has been a fairly signifcant one for Robert Griffin III and the Redskins over the past three seasons.
On Thanksgiving in 2012, they traveled to Dallas and beat the Cowboys on national television, cementing their spot as NFC East contenders. Here’s Sally Jenkins:
How often does a crowd at Cowboys Stadium chant for the  Washington Redskins  quarterback, while booing their own team off the field at halftime? How often does a team get a performance in a must-win game like we saw from  Robert Griffin III , so predatory and timely?
It’s hard to believe these words are landing in hard type: The Redskins are clearly the second-best team in the NFC East. That’s now established, and the division lead is actually in sight.
 
(Post archives)
On the Monday before Thanksgiving in 2013, they hosted the 49ers on “Monday Night Football” and had no chance. Here’s Boz :
After the way the Washington football team played on national TV on Monday night, they may have to change their nickname to the Thickskins.
After this 27-6 loss to the San Francisco 49ers, you can baste Coach Mike Shanahan; roast Jim Haslett, who hasn’t fielded a good defense since the 20th century; stick offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan and his goofy fourth-down call on a spit to rotate; and definitely leave Robert Griffin III in the oven a whole lot longer because he’s clearly not a fully cooked NFL quarterback yet.
You can’t use the Redskins’ offensive line for stuffing because they’ve already had that knocked out of them by the 49ers’ pass rush. The only thing the Washington linemen picked up all night was RGIII after he was knocked down. And after a while, they didn’t even bother to do that, wandering away from their fallen leader as if they didn’t want to be captured in any photographs of the crime.
(Post archives)
(Post archives)
And on the Tuesday and Wednesday before Thanksgiving in 2014, the Redskins benched their supposed franchise quarterback for the second time in two seasons. You probably don’t need any excerpts to be reminded of how that went down.
(Post archives)

E-visa facility will encourage businesses to travel to IndiaTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Indian government’s decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations will encourage more businesses to travel to the country and spur growth, Australia India Business Council has said.
“This certainly is a great initiative as it will encourage many more businesses to travel more readily to India which will in the long run contribute to a stronger Australia- India business & trade relationship,” AIBC national vice chair Sheba Nandkeolyar said.
Welcoming the new Indian government’s decision of offering e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations, including Australia, Nandkeolyar said the new move would contribute to “stronger business and trade ties between the two sides.”
“We often receive desperate calls from Australian businessmen who request us to help them expedite their business visas to visit India for business purposes,” she said.
“E-visas on arrival would make it much easier for businessmen to travel to India,” Nandkeolyar said adding that, AIBC is very pleased with the launch of this new initiative.”
She said the new initiative would also open up medical tourism and spur tourists growth for India.
“Truly a very strong message to the world that India is getting rid of complicated ways and embracing more simplified and easier ways in keeping with today’s lifestyle,” Nandkeolyar said of the decision.
Earlier this week, the government announced the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the US, Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
A tourist from these countries would now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated website and pay the fee online to get an Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA) within 72 hours.
The facility will be available initially at nine airports Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll out and more countries will soon be added.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi on his recent visit to Australia also signed an agreement on promoting tourism with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott.
Modi had further sought Australian investment in the tourism sector, especially cruise tourism.
TAGS: Australia India Business Council E-visa Electronic Travel Authorisation
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Most ignorant nations: Italy tops  US followsIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
THERE’S A fascinating new poll that reveals which nationalities are the most clueless and ignorant about issues that concern them the most. The results of the ‘Ignorance Index’, a 14-country survey conducted by British research company, Ipsos Mori, ranked Italians (and not the usual suspect Americans) as the most clueless about what is happening on their own doorstep regarding issues such as immigration, unemployment and the rate of teen pregnancy. Incredibly, Italians think nearly half of their population is over 65 years old.
Italy does have a relatively old population, but the actual figure is only 21%. Even more bizarrely, Italians also think half their population is unemployed when the real figure is only 12%. One universal trend in the figures was a misconception among the population about the number of Muslims living in their country. As an average across the surveyed countries, respondents thought 16% of the population was Muslim, whereas the correct average is only 3%. The unemployment rate was also overestimated by a factor of three. The average guess was 30% in contrast to the actual rate of 9%. Italians were most misinformed on this point. Top of the class were Swedes who were most clued up about social issues and demographic trends.
The United States fared badly in the survey of 14 developed countries, being the second-most ignorant of reality. Researchers found that on average, the Americans surveyed think 24% of US girls aged 15-19 years give birth to babies every year, whereas the correct figure is 3%. Ipsos Mori surveyed almost 12,000 people aged between 16 and 64 years and said the survey highlighted the need for people to be informed about their society when making decisions like voting intention. In that sense, it is frightening to see Americans, as the sole superpower, being so ignorant about basic issues. Americans guessed that 15% of their population were Muslims when the actual figure is 1%. When asked what percentage of the population were immigrants, a majority said 32%. The reality is closer to 13%. Additionally, 70% of Americans said that the murder rate was rising in the country. It is actually falling.
Americans also believed the annual pregnancy rate was 23.9%, which means that the average American woman would have more than one child by the age of 20 years, and the US population would probably be closer to that of China’s.
Here’s the ranking of countries with the most ignorant on top
1. Italy

IS sent off Mumbai man  paid him $2 000; NIA smells a conspiracySleuths doubt motive of Kalyan youth recruited by IS
Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 30, 2014
First Published: 01:23 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:18 IST(30/11/2014)
Areeb Majeed, the arrested Mumbai student-turned-Islamic State (IS) fighter, was given $2,000 by the terrorist group to get himself treated after being injured in combat, counter-terror sources involved in his interrogation told HT.
 
“We have reason to suspect what Majeed has told us so far. Not only was he given money by IS fighters, he was allowed to leave territory controlled by them. It is quite possible he may have contacted his father on their instructions. We need to verify and re-verify all his claims. That’s why the NIA was allowed to register a case against him,” said a central counter-terror officer requesting anonymity.
 
The officer added that it was also possible that he may have been given a task in India by IS.
Facebook page that appears to have been set up by Areeb Majeed.
A day after he was flown home from Turkey by NIA and intelligence officials, Majeed, 22, was produced in a Mumbai court on Saturday and remanded in the National Investigation Agency’s custody till December 8. He has been booked under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (conspiring and preparing for terror activities) and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (waging war against an Asiatic power that is in alliance with the Indian government).
“Majeed has told his interrogators the IS does all its recruitment online. Its spotters visit jihadi websites and contact possible candidates through social media. That was how he was spotted,” said another officer.
Majeed travelled with three friends — Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, all from Maharashtra’s Kalyan town — to Iraq in May on the pretext of a pilgrimage and was taken to the IS stronghold of al-Raqqa, the officer said. All four were trained in handling weapons like AK-47 and explosives.
 
“During combat, he was shot in the chest while a second bullet grazed him. When a medical facility where he was being treated was destroyed in an air raid, he crossed over to Turkey with other IS cadre,” the official said.
Majeed then got in touch with his father, saying he wanted to come back. He landed in Mumbai on Friday under NIA escort. Maharashtra Police sources said he was still highly indoctrinated and had told his interrogators that he believed the IS’ actions were justified.
 
Based on his interrogation, the NIA is also looking into a travel firm that facilitated the four men’s trip, agency sources said, adding that the firm — with a presence in many Indian cities — helped with visa arrangements. NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to unearth the entire conspiracy.
 
In court, Majeed, dressed in a dark brown Pathan suit, was asked by the judge why he had not hired a lawyer. “I was in NIA custody and didn’t get the time to hire a lawyer,” he answered.
 
Addressing a conference of police chiefs from across the country in the Assamese capital, Union home minister Rajnath Singh touched on the threat from IS, saying, “Some Indian youths have been attracted to IS. We cannot take it lightly.”
(Inputs from HTC Mumbai)

Eyeing vacancies in top culture body  RSS sends govt list of candidatesEyeing vacancies, RSS sends govt list of candidates
Brajesh Kumar , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 30, 2014
First Published: 01:32 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 08:24 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
After the BJP government appointed Y Sudershan Rao, who has openly expressed his belief in Vedic literature and caste system, as the chairperson of the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR), the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and its affiliates  are eyeing its 27 member council, whose three-year term comes to an end next month.
According to sources, HRD minister Smriti Irani has received a list of names who the RSS deem fit for ICHR appointment.
Some names in the list include ex-Archaeological Survey of India director BB Lal, who during his tenure at ASI tried to prove the existence of Mahabharata and Indraprastha, Satish Chandra Mittal, president of Akhil Bhartiya Itihas Sankalan Yojna, a historical research body affiliated to RSS, and Dilip K Chakrabarty, an archaeologist at Cambridge University.
 
Along with ICHR, another important research body in the field of social sciences that is likely to see changes in its council and on which the RSS has its eyes set on, is Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) whose term comes to end this month.
“Both bodies have been dominated by left historians for long, it is time they are replaced with people who help in writing history with Indian perspective, giving more space to Indian icons,” Mukul Kanitkar the organisational secretary of Bhartiya Sikshan Mandal, one of the RSS affiliated body told HT.
ICHR’s council, which consists of 27 members including 18 eminent historians, four government representatives, director generals of ASI and national archives, representative of the UGC and chairperson and member secretary of the research council, is reconstituted every three years.
 
Out of the 18 historians, 8 are eligible for a second term and 10 have completed their maximum of two terms. However, sources say government could opt for replacing all the 18 historians.
“If all 18 are replaced this will be going against the convention according to which half of the members continue to give a sense of continuity in the function of the council,” professor Aditya Mukherjee, a council member said.
 
ICHR chairperson professor Rao when contacted, refused to comment. “I would not be able to say anything on it at this point of time,” he said.    

Family hacks down couple on street near GhaziabadComments
Two months after a young couple got married secretly, the boy was chased down a street and his throat slit by the girl’s brother on Saturday in a UP village barely 75km from Delhi. His bride met the same fate when she rushed to his rescue.
 
Neighbours Sonu Kumar and Danista, both around 20, eloped Friday night after a panchayat in Fatehpur village, close to Ghaziabad, ordered them to separate. The girl’s family was against the union on grounds of religion. Sonu claimed the two had had a court marriage two months ago.
Advertisement
“After the panchayat, the couple eloped but came back Saturday morning. The girl’s infuriated family members, however, murdered them both,” Hapur district SP RP Pandey said.
Danista’s brother, Talib, chased Sonu down the street and attacked him with a knife, Sonu’s brother Sanjeev Kumar told HT. Hearing his screams, Danista also ran out. “But her brother pulled her hair and slashed her throat. Her mother arrived on the scene and instigated Talib to finish off the injured Sonu. Talib then slit his throat as villagers and children looked on,” said Manju, an eyewitness.
The police have arrested both Talib and his mother and lodged an FIR against six persons — including two more brothers of the girl and two of their friends — for rioting, murder and under provisions of the SC/ST Act. The remaining accused are on the run.
The alleged ‘honour killing’ comes just a fortnight after a DU student was strangled to death by her family in southwest Delhi’s Dwarka for marrying a man they didn’t approve of.

Small-town hurdles hit new IIMs and IITsComments
If connectivity is ever considered a top criterion for selecting sites to set up new IITs and IIMs, those in the pipeline will miss the bus.
The squabbling over a suitable site in Odisha following the NDA government’s decision to open five new IITs and an equal number of IIMs has sparked a debate over location because some such national institutes that came up between 2009 and 2011 in small towns were apparently struggling to find and retain good faculty and arrange logistics.
Most of these are located in towns which aren’t connected to good road or rail networks, let alone airports. The nearest airport for Kashipur in Uttarakhand, which has the youngest IIM, is 70km away at Pantnagar. The town has only two daily trains connecting Delhi, about 200km away.
“Getting faculty and companies to visit us is a challenge. Companies need enormous persuasion to visit campuses of new IIMs, especially those at unfavourable locations,” said Gautum Sinha, the director of IIM Kashipur.
IIM Trichy in Tamil Nadu has a similar problem because there are fewer domestic flights from the town than those to Singapore and Sri Lanka.
Mandi in Himachal Pradesh, the site for a new IIT, doesn’t even have a direct train from any major city. Chandigarh, 185km by road, is the nearest railhead and airport.
Gautam Biswas, the director of IIT Guwahati that was established in 1994, said the institute has struggled to attract faculty because no night flight operates from the airport in the Northeast’s main city. “There is seldom a flight from Guwahati after 7pm. Flights (at night) to Delhi and Mumbai are needed.”
For IIT Ropar in Punjab, some member of its staff is always travelling to Chandigarh and New Delhi to either procure equipment or for mundane maintenance tasks.
MK Surappa, the institute’s director, said lack of good schools, hospitals or jobs for spouses in the town have been prompting most of the faculty members to avoid permanent postings.
The institute had 38 vacant teaching positions out of 90 sanctioned posts, according to figures in 2013. “Sometimes teachers quit in the middle of the session,” Surappa said.
The absence of good hotels and campus accommodations are also keeping visiting lecturers away from many such institutes. “Arranging accommodation for faculty from abroad is a problem because there is hardly any good facility here. Most of the new IIMs are still functioning from temporary campuses, which may also deter recruiters,” said P Rameshan, the director of IIM Rohtak.
IIT Bhubaneswar has started offering 30% more pay than the older IITs to plug the faculty drain, while Kanpur has virtual lectures to make up for the shortage. But those in favour of a network of IITs and IIMs attribute the faculty crunch to teaching generally losing its attraction as a sought-after profession. They said institutes located even in the remotest town could bring companies for placement through good public relations.
Sudhir Jain, the director of IIT Gandhinagar gave perspective to the debate: “All institutes have teething problems and these are being overcome.”

How counterfeit art competes with the great ...How counterfeits compete with the great masters in India's fledgling art market
By Suman Layak , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Do not be a lazy buyer Read and educate yourself. The signature of the artist is often easiest to forge. See if you can spot the trademarks of the artists work or identify his/her brushstrokes?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It can happen to the best. As it did to Vickram Sethi, art dealer, auctioneer and chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Art .
Circa 2008, Sethi is sitting in his office in South Mumbai's art district, Kala Ghoda. After carefully looking at a fullsized Husain painting, it dawns on Sethi that he is being duped. Only a few days ago he had paid an advance of Rs 1 lakh after seeing an image of the painting and an art dealer had transported it over from Delhi. After seeing it for real in his gallery, Sethi was 90% sure it was a fake.
What followed was dramatic. Sethi locked up his gallery and refused to pay the balance of Rs 70-80 lakh. He also refused to let the painting be taken out unless he got a refund of the advance. After a few hours the dealer relented.
At the time of the incident MF Husain, the celebrated painter, had already moved to Dubai. Sethi digs deep into his memory to recall why he rejected the painting. The legs and knees of the horses were not right and the shape of the mane was different from Husain's trademark style. A full sheet Husain today can easily cost between Rs 22 lakh and Rs 30 lakh and more (a 4x6 can touch Rs 90 lakh) and there's no upper limit. Taking the "fake" hostage was probably worth it.
Here's a more recent example of a brush with dodgy art. A young lady, recommended by a painter of repute, approached businessman Harsh Goenka with a Husain painting in mid-2014.
Goenka, chairman of RPG Enterprises and one of the biggest art collectors in India, liked the painting. But, on a hunch, he sent it to art dealer Dadiba Pundole, who has dealt with a lot of Husain's work. Pundole pointed out to Goenka that while Husain's English signature on the painting matched, his signature in Hindi was wrong.
Also, the arrows in a scene showing Bhisma Pitamah on his deathbed were pointing upwards, the wrong direction. Husain had done this Mahabharata scene in many of his paintings. Goenka adds: "Also it was too perfect. Husain is never too perfect in his arrangement."
The seller claimed she had no idea that it was a fake and Goenka sent her away with the painting. Not every art buyer is as fortunate. Many end up with duds.
For instance, art consultant Mallika Advani , formerly with international art auctioneer Christie's, talks about a friend who recently came to her with two paintings of celebrated painter FN Souza.
She needed money to tide over a distress. Advani was, however, shocked to find that both the paintings were obvious fakes.
Welcome to the quicksand called the fledgling Indian art market , barely 15 years old, and yet to build its institutions.

How Tuna varieties could resolve India-Lanka...(Tamil Nadu govt brainstormed…)
By: Sandhya Ravishankar
On a misty cool morning, five men set out from Rameswaram on a boat to catch prawns near the Sethusamudram canal.
At 12:40 pm, they heard gunshots. "The Lankan authorities are here, they are shooting, all of you lie down," shouted Sekar, the owner of the boat. The other four, all of them family, ducked. The Lankan Navy boat came closer and the crew asked the fishermen to raise their hands.
"I can't," screamed Sekar. "I can't move my hand. Something is wrong," he cried. Sekar was shot in the shoulder. Brought back to shore, he spent 31 days in hospital and underwent surgery before he was able to head back home.
Six years later, Sekar continues to venture out into the dangerous seas near Rameswaram. "Mannar [in Sri Lanka] is only 25 nautical miles from Rameswaram," he says. "We don't have a choice.
We don't get fish here anymore. All the fish are on the Lankan side. Many of us continue to go despite the dangers. It is a matter of our livelihood," he adds. Sekar's sentiment is echoed by most fishermen along the southern coast of Tamil Nadu.
Around 10 lakh fishermen along the coastline depend on the seas for a living. Southwards of Nagapattinam, fishermen make a beeline for the Indian Ocean and towards Sri Lanka, where the catch is aplenty. Sri Lanka has banned bottom trawling in an effort at conservation of marine life — meaning that fish continue to breed and catch is excellent in Lankan waters.
"Even if we cast our nets here for a whole day, we don't get anything," says a fisherman. "But go towards Lanka and all you need is one hour to come back with a full boat," he says.
 
Border Issues
Today's boiling geopolitical issue has its roots in 1952, when independent India signed an agreement with Norway to introduce trawlers and trawl nets to fishermen. Tamil Nadu's fishermen took to it with gusto. Problems began to appear in the 1990s when the catch started to dwindle. "Trawl nets are like a plough in the sea," says an official at the Tamil Nadu department of fisheries, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
"The Palk Bay area is only 18 metres deep. It is a shallow sea meaning it is rich in marine life. And these trawl nets go right to the bottom and remove the flora and the fauna, even the fish eggs, and damage the ecosystem. Fish and prawns are not able to procreate and they have been depleted beyond permissible levels. Simply put, there is no fish in our part of the Bay of Bengal," he says.
Most fishermen in the state still use trawl nets. "Our wooden boats can only go about 25-30 nautical miles into the sea and not beyond," says Sekar. "Yes, there is a problem and the Sri Lankan fishermen are angry with us," he says.
The fishermen issue has been a political tipping point in recent elections in Tamil Nadu. Narendra Modi, in his whirlwind campaign earlier this year, promised to end attacks on fishermen, placing blame squarely on the UPA government's inadequacies.
AIADMK chief and former chief minister Jayalalithaa has been quick to write letters to the Centre demanding a solution and DMK chief Karunanidhi has pointed fingers at Jayalalithaa for not preventing such arrests.
Last week, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerselvam wrote to PM Modi once again, demanding the release of 38 Tamil fishermen jailed in Lanka. He also demanded the retrieval of 78 boats confiscated by Lanka.
Tuna to the Rescue?
About three years ago, the state government's thinking took a turn. Setting aside politics, officials began to "get real", identifying the root cause of the issue and trying to find an alternative solution to wean fishermen away from Lankan waters.
Enter the tuna! Tuna fish varieties like yellowfin, skipjack and bigeye are available in plenty in the Indian Ocean and near the Andamans. In fact, India's tuna potential is over 2 lakh tonnes, but currently we harvest just one-fifth of tuna potential.
Officials in the Tamil Nadu government brainstormed a scheme to convert existing trawlers into tuna longliners, giving an incentive to the fishermen of Rameswaram to stay within Indian waters.
"The objective is to remove trawlers from the sea," says the department of fisheries official. "Once trawlers are converted into tuna longliners, they can only go to the deep sea. One of the conditions of the scheme is that they cannot reconvert these liners into trawling boats. We need to get these fishermen out of this part of the and allow the fish to grow again," he The state offers 50% subsidy up to maximum of Rs 30 lakh to fishermen who are willing to convert or replace their trawlers.
Groups of fishermen are encouraged to apply, so that the initial investment can be split between them and the scheme itself would benefit more families. Since the scheme was introduced in 2013, over 270 applications have been received but no longliner has yet hit the sea.

J&K elections: Omar accuses Sajjad Lone of warming up to BJPJ&K elections: Omar accuses Sajjad Lone of warming up to BJP
CNN-IBN | Nov 30, 2014 at  07:40am IST
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has accused People's Conference leader Sajjad Lone of warming up to the Bharatiya Janata Party in the election season.
Abdullah's attack on Lone comes after his meeting with PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi earlier in November. The CM has accused Lone of trying to end the special status for Jammu and Kashmir.
But the separatist-turned-politician has denied these allegations saying the Article 370 is not under threat in the state. While speaking to Network 18, he also said that it was a time for a new party to form government in the state. Lone said that his meeting with the PM was being blown out of proportion. "You have to look at it in a certain context. It's not about me meeting the PM and Kashmir politics. You also have to understand that he is the PM of India. Whether you want him or not. He is your PM and my PM. I met the PM of India. Why so much controversy," asked the former separatist.
Abdullah's attack on Lone comes after his meeting with PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi earlier in November.
Meanwhile, Omar Abdullah is confident that his party National Conference will retain power in the state and that too on its own. He has once again denied reports of a post-poll tie up with BJP.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

PM Modi to address annual DGP conference today  lay down policy on terror  security issuesNov 30, 2014 at 07:29am IST
PM Modi to address annual DGP conference today, lay down policy on terror, security issues
33
4
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lay down policy on terror and international security issues during the second day of the 49th All India DGPs and IGPs conference in Guwahati on Sunday.
The meet comes in the wake of the recent arrest of an ISIS terrorist from Mumbai and also the Burdwan blast in Kolkata that has once again brought to light the prevalence of Jammat modules across the country.
On day one of the conference, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had said that growing Islamic terror designs in the subcontinent was a major challenge for India and underlined the need to take the threat posed by ISIS very seriously.
The meet comes in the wake of the recent arrest of an ISIS terrorist from Mumbai and also the Burdwan blast in Kolkata.
"We are concerned about the fact that Indian youngsters are getting drawn to Islamic State," he said.
Rajnath Singh also blamed "state actors" in Pakistan for trying to destabilise India.
Directors general of police (DGPs), inspectors general of police (IGPs) from all states and union territories, heads of all paramilitary forces, officials from the Intelligence Bureau and all chief ministers of the northeastern states are taking part in the two-day conference.
216

ISIS youth from Kalyan says they got combat training  were split as per educationalskillsWritten by Meghna Yelluru , Gautam Sandip Mengle , Deepak Joshi | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:21 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 8:57 am
A Special court Saturday remanded Kalyan college youth-turned-Islamic State jihadist Areeb Ejaz Majeed to National Investigation Agency custody till December 8.
Areeb was booked and arrested in the wee hours of Saturday under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) on charges of conspiring to commit a terrorist act and being a member of a banned foreign terror outfit, and under the stringent Section 125 of the IPC for “waging war against the nation”.
With an FIR lodged against Areeb as well as the three others from Kalyan who are believed to have joined ISIS along with him — naming them “wanted accused” — they would also face arrest if they return.
Despair again descended on Govindwadi-Dudh Naka belt in Kalyan on Saturday as news of Areeb’s arrest spread. His successful return from Turkey on Friday morning, following a covert operation by the government, had raised hopes of the other families that their own sons would come back.
Citing among other things the bullet injuries on Areeb’s right shoulder, the NIA on Saturday sought his custody for 14 days. Areeb was reportedly shot in August, three months after going missing.
Dressed in a kurta and pyjama, Areeb was brought to court with his face covered. As soon as the veil on his face was removed inside the courtroom, the 24-year-old covered his head with a black skull cap. Compared to his photos on social media sites, he looked thinner and had no beard.
Areeb has reportedly told investigators that after basic combat training in Iraq, he and his friends were separated by the ISIS based on their educational qualifications. “Areeb, due to his qualifications as a civil engineering student, was made part of the section in charge of building and construction,” said a source.
No one from the family appeared to have been present for the court hearing Saturday. Areeb looked straight at the judge and not once glanced at the packed courtroom. At times he appeared to be praying, his head bowed low.
When Judge P R Deshmukh asked him if he had secured a lawyer, Areeb said, “Koi mila hi nahi kal se (I haven’t found anyone since yesterday).” However when asked if he had any problems, he replied in the negative.
Prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the four youths, including Areeb, Saheem Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, had “undergone basic training with weapons, firearms and AK-47 rifles” with ISIS.
She said the NIA hoped to “unearth the entire conspiracy” and retrieve information on the weapons used by them, their training methods and the role played by Areeb and his accomplices, with his interrogation. “We asked Areeb about his indoctrination and his journey to Iraq, and he maintains that he did it all by himself, without any help or influence from anyone. He says he viewed radical material online and then, along with friends, went to Iraq as part of a tour, after which they joined the ISIS,” a source said.
Areeb was arrested from his home early Saturday even as the families of the other missing Kalyan youths hoped to meet him to find out about their sons.
On Saturday, the Sarvodaya Society where his family lives on the second floor wore a sombre look, with hardly anyone around. “I was hoping to meet Dr Majeed (Majeed’s father) so I could ask him if Areeb had said anything about Saheem. We are back to wondering what condition our boy is in,” said Saheem’s uncle Kashif Tanki.
Fahad’s mother Zohra added, “We can only pray that our children come back by some miracle, the way Areeb did.”
The families of all the three, Saheem, Fahad and Aman, said they had had no contact with them since August. The last contact was when Saheem had called his family to tell them about Areeb’s supposed death.
“Right now, we have no idea what to expect and what to believe. We can only wait, watch and pray,” said Aman’s father Naim Tandel.

ET Awards 2014: Government firm on reforms despite Opposition roadblocks  says Arun JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IS paid Kalyan youth $2 000; NIA smells conspiracyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Online sales spike on a less chaotic Black FridayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Good morning dear biplab and all friends ! today i have been seeing al...Platinum Member
4592 Followers
Good morning dear biplab and all friends ! Today I have been seeing all the monthly charts. When I saw monthly chart of Nucleus I sensed that in monthly chart it is still in a complex corrective wave 2 ! Just see the chart in monthly time frame 8 years time frame in chartink software .
In reply to : biplabbigb82 message
8.58 AM Nov 30th

Rajesh there is pm for you from me . do read ...rgds684 Followers
Reposted about 2 days 22 hrs 38 min 10 sec ago by headsett
GM Jays & Friends ...IMHO the Modi Ji driven bull party is mostly over , smart money is selling India & buying China ...except for US nothing else is looking good ...India suffers from matching its deeds to extremely high expectations ..90% chances you will see small upward bumps up after few steep corrections ...market will form new more realistic  opinion on India after budget 2015 , else valuations shrink , what was 6 p/e is now 16 ..will go back to 9 or 11 .
Time to play smart and early  ..to beat the situation you need to buy up stocks with very high upside kickers ..Tanla got one a few days back , Onmobi hit UC yesterday on buy back news ...had advised both , am invested in both my self .
Good sectors to be :  those benefiting from low commodity prices of ...petrochem , cotton , synthetics , rubber etc & hot sectors : Defense , E Com , Logistics , Pharma & lastly the lazy guys who watch TV reaction : Buy well known defensives in  Tobacco, Alcholo , Gambling , FMCG & Pharma ...rgds
In reply to : Jays.Maverick message
6.28 AM Dec 10th

India%u2019s solar power potential estimated at 750 gw - - - - -$$$$$<...India%u2019s Solar Power Potential Estimated At 750 GW - - - - -$$$$$
November 29th, 2014 by Smiti Mittal
India%u2019s plan to become of the largest solar power markets in the world has received a massive boost as the latest estimated of its solar power potential.
The National Institute of Solar Energy in India (pdf) has determined the country%u2019s solar power potential at about 750 GW, a recently released document by the Ministry of New & Renewable Energy (MNRE) shows. The solar power potential has been estimated using the wasteland availability data in every state and jurisdiction of India. The estimate is based on the assumption that only 3% of the total wasteland available in a state is used for development of solar power projects.
According to the estimates, Rajasthan and Jammu & Kashmir have the highest solar power potential. Rajasthan, with its healthy resource of solar radiation and availability of vast tracts of wasteland in the form of the Thar Desert, has a potential of about 142 GW. Jammu & Kashmir receives the highest amount of solar radiation in India, and has has significantly large area of wasteland in Ladakh. The state has an estimated potential of 111 GW. However, this estimate may also include the land currently under Pakistan%u2019s control.
Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra both have more than 60 GW of solar power potential. These are among the largest of the Indian states and thus have large wasteland resources. Both these states have ambitious solar power policies and plans to implement large-scale solar power projects.
Gujarat, the leading Indian state in terms of installed solar power capacity, has an estimated potential of 36 GW. The state has large tracts of land covered with marshes but these lands also support a wide variety of wildlife. Gujarat already has an installed capacity of close to 900 MW of solar power and has already started developing utility-scale solar power projects over water canals.
Agricultural states like Punjab and Haryana are expectedly rank low in terms of estimated solar power potential. Punjab would find it difficult to make available land for large solar power projects and has thus decided to concentrate efforts to set up solar power projects over rooftops and canals.
India%u2019s current solar power installed capacity is around 3 GW, or less than 0.5% of the estimated potential. Naturally there exists a massive opportunity to tap this potential. As a result, the Indian government has increased its solar power capacity addition target five-fold. Instead of the initial target to installed 22 GW solar power capacity by 2022, the government now plans to add 100 GW capacity. This includes 20 GW of ultra mega solar power projects, with installed capacity of 500 MW or more, across 12 states.
In reply to : fieryblaster message
8.55 AM Nov 30th

The stock which made even rakesh jhunjhun wala to send his good money ...0 Follower
Reposted about 13 days 2 hrs 23 min 51 sec ago by ajithkumar1970
I understand you wanted to enter at 9 levels however that level was never possible. M not saying evrythng is perfect here however given the crude price airline stock will rise even if balance sheet is messed up
In reply to : ashmaxim message
2.00 AM Nov 30th

Czech micro brewer hops on to independent beer boomSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Finland takes first step towards legalising gay marriageBy: Agence-France Presse | Helsinki |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:15 pm
Finland’s parliament voted in favour of same-sex marriage in a victory for campaigners who gathered thousands of signatures to force parliament to examine the issue. The Finnish legislature approved the “citizens’ initiative” proposal by 105 votes to 92, paving the way for a gender-neutral marriage law in the only Nordic country where gay marriage is not legal.
Anna Saarela, who led the campaign, told AFP that she felt “pure joy” after the vote. “Finland is the last Nordic country where homosexual couples are not allowed to marry. It’s a question of human rights,” she said. While the vote will not automatically result in a change of law, it launches the process for parliament to examine the issue.
The next step would involve a parliamentary committee, which would have to approve the proposed change before it goes to parliament for a final vote. Saarela said that there was “no doubt” that it would go through.
Finland’s Prime Minister Alexander Stubb, who supported the initiative, described it as an example of people power. “It’s a sign of civic activism and indicates that Finnish law is heading in the same direction as the rest of the Nordics and the Western world on this sensitive and difficult question,” he told the YLE public broadcaster.
The initiative got the support of most lawmakers from the conservative and the social democratic parties, members of the governing coalition. All members of the populist and eurosceptic The Finns Party except one voted against, as did most of the agrarian Centre Party. The Greens unanimously voted in favour of the initiative.
Although the proposal was rejected twice by the parliament’s legal committee, an intense campaign in recent weeks helped increase support to bring Finland in line with early a dozen European countries. But some lawmakers were still deeply opposed.
“This is a catastrophe for Finland,” said Pentti Oinonen, a member of parliament for The Finns Party, which opposed the change. “Old traditions and values have been totally trampled on.” The citizens initiative campaign which began in 2013 collected 166,851 signatures, more than three times the 50,000 required by Finnish law to force the parliament to consider the proposal.
Finland has recognised same-sex partnerships since 2002. The new marriage law, if approved, is not expected to come into force before 2016.

Govt says will not harass ISIS jihadistAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Government today said arrest of Arif Majeed, who returned to Mumbai after disappearing in ISIS controlled areas in Iraq, was not an action to harass him, asserting that all such incidents will be taken on a case- by-case basis.
“Our intention is not to harass anybody. We will deal all this on a case-by-case basis,” he said on the sidelines of a conference of police chiefs here.
The Home Minister said interrogation of Arif is going on in Mumbai.
The youth from Mumbai suburb Kalyan, Arif, who until now was believed to have been killed while fighting for militant group ISIS in Syria, was arrested last night hours after he landed in the metropolis.
A case has been slapped against ISIS and its operatives under Section 125 of the IPC which deals with waging war against any Asiatic country which has friendly ties with India, entailing maximum punishment of life imprisonment.
In May this year, four youths from Kalyan – Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Shaikh and Aman Tandel, besides Arif – had left India to visit holy places in the West Asia, but they disappeared thereafter and since then were suspected to have joined the Sunni extremist group.
According to police, the four engineering students flew to Baghdad on May 23 as part of a group of 22 pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq.
After Arif’s return, he was interrogated by the National Investigation Agency and Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad.
TAGS: ISIS
More from miscellaneous

5 000 buffaloes slaughtered in Nepal s animal sacrifice ritualBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: November 29, 2014 5:59 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:41 am
Over 5,000 buffaloes have been slaughtered in a mass animal sacrifice festival in Nepal, believed to be the world’s largest such ritual, despite efforts by animal rights activists to end the “barbaric” practice.
Tens of thousands of devotees, including from India, flocked to the festival, which is held every five years at the Gadhimai temple at Bariyarpur village in Bara district of southern Nepal.
Worshippers believe the animal sacrifice, meant to appease Hindu goddess Gadhimai, brings them luck and prosperity.
5,000 buffaloes were slaughtered by some 400  slaughterers on Friday, the first day of animal sacrifice, according to police.
Thousands of goats, pigs and chickens will also be sacrificed before the festival ends on Saturday.
Organisers and the authorities defend the festival as a generations-old tradition, though animal rights activists decry it as barbaric.
However, in a sign that the campaign to end the practice may have had some impact, the number of buffaloes killed dropped to about 5,000, half the number slaughtered when the festival was last held five years ago.
India’s Supreme Court had recently ordered the government to stop the export of cattle to Nepal during the Gadhimai festival. The organising committee of the festival has banned journalists and photographers from taking pictures of slaughtering.
Meanwhile, a one-year-old child and an elderly woman from Bihar in India died during the festival on Friday.
The child died of cold while the 65-year-old woman died after she was trapped in a huge crowd.

Pharma industry to clock 10-12% growth in FY15: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mohali Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre to celebrate 37th Raising Day on Dec1By: Express News Service | Chandigarh |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:29 am
Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre (PRC), Mohali, will be celebrating its 37th Raising Day on December 1. The governor of Haryana will be the chief guest on the occasion and Maj Gen S K Razdan, the only paraplegic officer, who rose to the rank of a General Officer, will also be present.
Maj Gen R S Rathore, MG AOC, HQ Western Command, said, “PRC Mohali caters to 100 per cent disabled soldiers (paraplegic and tetraplegic) who hail from northern, central and eastern regions of the country.”
The purpose of PRC is to rehabilitate such soldiers and make them self-reliant. Another centre is at Kirkee in Pune. At present, 24 inmates are undergoing treatment at PRC, Mohali. Though the institute has infrastructure to treat 100 paraplagia patients, it can accommodate only 44. The officials are, however, planning to construct more quarters.
“We will construct more quarters so that the facilities can be utilised to the fullest. Further, we are also planning to procure state-of-the-art physiotherapy equipment,” Maj Gen R S Rathore said.

18 youths stopped on way toISISWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:25 am
In the past six months, 18 youths have been stopped while they were about to leave India to join the ISIS.
This was revealed at a two-day meeting of DGPs in Guwahati organised by the Intelligence Bureau (IB) where the threat posed by outfits such as the ISIS was discussed. On Saturday, the IB gave a 15-minute presentation on “strategy to counter radicalisation and foil attempts to attract youth to ISIS and Qaedat al Jihad (the new branch of al-Qaeda created for the subcontinent)”.
In the case of all the 18 youths who were stopped, local police were alerted by the parents or family members. The youths belonged to West Bengal, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.

District court fines two UT cops for false arrest on theftchargeWritten by Japjeet Duggal | Chandigarh |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:24 am
In a rare case of police personnel fined for making false charges of offence against an accused, an inspector and an assistant sub-inspector of the UT Police were recently hauled up and slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh each.
While acquitting the accused from theft charges, possession of stolen property and trespassing in order to commit a punishable offence of the Indian Penal Code, the court of civil judge, junior division Jaswinder Singh had directed the UT Administration to pay a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the accused and giving liberty to retrieve the amount from the salaries of the two officers.
The court observed that “prima facie the offences under Sections 166 (Public servant disobeying law) and 211 (false charge of offence made intentionally) of IPC are made out” against the investigating officer, ASI Gurdit Singh and then SHO of Sector 11 police stations, inspector Gurmukh Singh. The case dates back to February 8, 2012, when storekeeper of Chandigarh College of Architecture, Ramesh Chander Pal, was arrested while he was allegedly trying to transport seven chairs stolen from the college. While police claimed that these were heritage chairs, the principal testified that these were old broken chairs which he had authoritied Ramesh to take for repairs.
The judgment reads, “Keeping in view the fact that the accused faced a lot of humiliation for more than two years, UT Administration is directed to pay compensation of Rs 1 lakh to him, which shall be deposited within a period on one month from today and the same shall be released in favour of the accused.” Ramesh was caught at a naka near gate number 1 of Panjab University. He was nabbed while he was taking the broken chairs to his residence in Dadumajra. The then CCA Principal Pardeep Bhagat had lodged a complaint with the police regarding the missing chairs a day before Ramesh’s arrest.
According to the judgment, the complainant, Pardeep Bhagat, in his statements to the court held that he was never asked to verify the chairs which were recovered by the police. Also, he was not consulted before the arrest. The judgment reads, “IO (ASI Gurdit) did not make any effort to trace the real culprit and to recommend filing of cancellation report against the arrested accused.” The heritage chairs were also never found. Each chair was worth close to Rs 25 lakh in international market.
It adds, “The then SHO PS-11 is equally responsible for the harassment suffered by the accused because he issued challan against the accused without having any evidence against him.”
Complainant’s deposition
The complainaint, Pardeep Bhagat told the court, “The chairs produced in the court today belong to the boys hostel and the rehri belongs to the mess of our college. I had also got the matter inquired at the departmental level by forming a committee in which the accused, Ramesh Chander, was found innocent. He has been given promotion as Junior Assistant w.e.f. 1.5.2013. The chairs were being shifted on my order.”

First Test between India and Australia set to be rescheduledThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt to consult stake holders on new education policy: Smriti IraniIndian rupee below 62 against US dollar for long will be a worry, says official, hints 'not talking about weather'
Set to draft the new education policy, the government will launch an exercise from early next year to collect views from a cross section of the society, involving 2.5 lakh village education councils and organising thousands of meetings at block levels.
The initiative to involve stake holders right from the grassroot level is aimed at making the process broad based, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said here today.
The initiative will involve some 2.5 lakh village education councils and organise 6,600 meetings in the block level to get views and suggestions from cross sections of the society, she said at a function here.
“It would be a top-down approach,” Smriti said.
“Unil now, deliberations on formulation of the new education policy were restricted to only some officers, politicians and some academic experts. And they decided how to educate the country. Today, the world has changed. People should also be heard who are going to be most impacted by the policy,” the Minister said.
She said the best practices across the world also need to be studied as also those practices which have failed “so that we can learn from the failure and course correct”.
Irani said the first meeting would start with the 2.5 lakh village education councils, giving them an opportunity to share their suggestions. This would be followed by deliberations at the block level where the stakeholders can decide how the new policy should be.
At the district level, parents can participate in the deliberations along with the MPs and MLAs, she said.
Stating that education should be channelised for human development and progress of the country, Irani favoured students fostering an emotional connect with their place and their districts for development to happen.
In this regard, she favoured development of small projects by students in their districts, highlighting the unique character of their place and people, which could be shared with the rest of the country.
“Let students do a project on their district like what makes my block my district historical, what do I take pride in. Make a small video clip. Send it to us and upload it and we will share it as a best study across the country. By this, students can know about people from all corners of the country,” she said.
The Minister also talked about plans to connect students of Kendriya Vidyalayas with the best of scientists through information and communication technology to ignite their minds and instill in them a sense of inquisitiveness.
TAGS: Education Smriti Irani
More from industry

HIV risk: NARI finds rural folk artistesvulnerableWritten by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:38 am
Two years after the first-of-its-kind rural research clinic of the National AIDS Research Institute (NARI) was set up at Karad in Satara, scientists and researchers studying the pattern of spread of HIV and associated diseases have a clearer picture of high-risk and vulnerable groups in rural pockets. Researchers conducting a mapping exercise to identify groups and hotspots that accelerate spread of the disease have found at least 15 groups vulnerable to HIV, including some folk dance artistes (Tamasha, Lavani) and migrants in rural areas. The researchers studied data from 11 tehsils of the district, and identified 117 hotspots for spread of the disease.
Scientists have conducted a comprehensive situational analysis covering all 11 tehsils of Satara to understand the status of the district vis-à-vis infant and maternal mortality, reproductive child health services, HIV/AIDS, TB, and sexually transmitted disease, Dr Seema Sahay, senior scientist with NARI told The Sunday Express.
The clinic, the NARI-AIDS Rural Research Initiative in Maharashtra (N-ARRIM), was set up in collaboration with the Satara medical college, after high HIV prevalence in certain rural and semi-urban pockets. The rural research facility is aimed at developing infrastructure and invigorating research capacities, explained Dr R S Paranjape, a senior scientist with NARI.
To build a partnership with local stakeholders, there is a Community Advisory Board (CAB) of 8 members from diverse fields in Satara district. “The situational analysis has given us a lead in pursuing the mapping exercise to understand high-risk and vulnerable pockets,” Sahay added.
The mapping aims at identifying location of high-risk groups in the district and curbing rapid spread of HIV, through prevention and control measures.
“We won’t term some groups as high risk, but put them as vulnerable to avoid stigma and ensure they are not discriminated agains,” a scientist said when they found that among some vulnerable groups were folk dancers (Tamasha, Lavani) and migrant families. The future plan is to initiate studies to identify disease burden and effectiveness of implementation of various programmes in the district. Our emphasis could be on creating a data base,” the scientist added.

Gang war in broad daylight claims another life  cops hunt forMarneBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:26 am
The war of supremacy between criminal gangs has spilled more blood in the city. In the latest showdown, the dreaded Gajanan Marne gang allegedly gunned down a member of the Nilesh Ghaywal gang near Vaikunth crematorium in Navi Peth area in broad daylight on Saturday. This is second death in a gang war this month.
Amol Hari Badhe of Hanuman Nagar, known to be an active member of the Ghaywal gang was killed and his aides Santosh Nagu Kamble and Lakhan Lokhande were injured in the attack.
Primary investigation revealed that about eight members of Marne gang were involved.
On November 4, Santosh Hiraman Gawade (28) a close aide of Nilesh Ghaywal was killed in Lavale.
Police said Badhe, Kamble and Lonkhade had gone to the crematorium on Saturday afternoon to attend the last rites of a friend’s father. After the ritual, the trio were moving towards Rajendra Nagar on motorcycle when they were intercepted by some members of the Gajanan Marne gang. Their four-wheeler knocked the bike down, and the three fell on the ground. The Marne gang opned fire but the trio got up and tried to flee.Some Marne gang members on motorcycles opened fire at them. The killers fled.
On getting to know about the incident, a police team rushed to the spot. Police said the three were found in a pool of blood and were taken to hospital where Badhe was pronounced dead.
The attack took place in Anad Bag area near Vaikunth crematorium. Some people residing in the area were offering prayers at Parmarth Niketan temple nearby, when the attack spread panic in the usually placid area. Top police officials visited the scene of crime.
An offence of murder was registered against Marne and seven aides Vicky Bandal, Rupesh Marne, Sagar Rajput, Balaji Kadam, Sagar Dimble, Vishal Dimble and Nikhil Bubhai, at Vishrambag police station. An extensive search operation was launched for the Marne gang members. Police said it was a well-planned attack. Marne gang got a tip-off that Badhe and his aides were going to atend the rites at the crematorium. The Marne gang kept a watch on them and attacked them.
Ghaywal gang hitman arrested, pistol seized
The anti-extortion cell of the Pune police crime branch arrested Santosh Anand Dhumal (30) of Right Bhusari Colony on Friday. Police said Dhumal was planning to eliminate Gajanan Marne to avenge the murder of Santosh Hiraman Gawade on November 4 for which Marne gang was blamed.
Police recovered a pistol and a live cartridge from Dhumal. Police said there have been several clashes between the two gangs in the past.
In 2008, members of the Marne gang opened fire on Ghaywal and Gawade and attempted to kill them in Shastrinagar area. In retaliation, Sachin Kudle of the Marne gang was murdered in 2010 in Kothrud and Gawade was accused in the case. Marne continued…

Sainthood gives boost to Kerala s religious ...Elevation of two people to sainthood gives boost to Kerala's religious tourism
By S Sanandakumar , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 04.00AM IST
The father has several firsts to his credit. He was the first to say that churches should start educational institutions and contributed in improving the literacy standards of the state.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
When Kerala Tourism coined its famous tagline 'God's Own Country', few would have thought that the land featured in the advertisement campaigns would ultimately live up to its name in the literal sense! Yes, Kerala today is the country of those who have been elevated to the status of gods, thanks to the good work done by the Catholic Church. Two of the chosen ones of the Church in Kerala, Father Kuriakose Elias Chavara and Mother Euphrasia Eluvathingal were canonized by the Catholic Church last week at St Peter's Square in the Vatican City. With their elevation to sainthood, there are three saints in total from the Catholic Church in the country. The first to be canonized by the Church was Sister Alphonsa of Bharananganam about six years ago.
Addressing the nearly 2,000 Indians (around 80% of them were from Kerala) who came to witness the canonization, Pope Francis said Kerala, which is "rich in vocation to the priesthood and religious life" will be able to contribute more blessed ones. Father Chavara, who was born in the first decade of 1800, has a place in Kerala history not just as a priest who pursued spiritual advancement but also as a social reformer. Reputed writer and activist Sarah Joseph told ET Magazine: "Father Chavara is a great soul who demonstrated that spirituality is in the work that we do in this world."
The father has several firsts to his credit. He was the first to say that churches should start educational institutions and contributed in improving the literacy standards of the state. He started the mid-day meal programme for students and set up the first printing press. The orphanages and the neighbourhood groups to help out in case of a death in a locality were first mooted and implemented by Father Chavara.
Though the Church in Kerala has a long history and traces its lineage to St Thomas, Father Chavara's period was marked by the dominance of the Syrian Church. Even the language that was followed was Syrian, says Father Paul Thelakkat, spokesman of the Syro Malabar Church. "As different from the Latin Christians in Europe we had oriental Christians," he said. "It would be true to say that in those days, our Church did not get due recognition from the seat of Christianity in Vatican." According to Father Thelakkat, it was the advent of the Europeans, especially the English, who brought about a change in the practices followed by the Church. The Synod that they called at Udayamperoor decided to follow the local language while performing religious rites in churches. The Syrian Christians lived as a caste within the caste system in the country. But the Synod decided to do away with this practice. The Europeans who came to Kerala also opened the doors to Western thought and culture.
"The relevance of Father Chavara was that he had the opportunity to preside over the Church in the state during this transition phase when three cultural and religious streams fused together, namely, Western, local and Syrian," explained Father Thelakkat. Mother Euphrasia Eluvathingal was born in 1877 and like Father Chavara she showed a great interest in spiritual matters from a young age. She wanted to be a religious sister and she overcame the resistance to it from her family through her prayers and fasting. She joined the Congregation of Mother of Carmel for a life of uncompromising faith in god and intense prayer. She lived 48 years of her life in the Convent of St Mary's at Ollur, near Thrissur. Seeing her intense prayer people called her the "Praying Mother". From an economic point of view the canonization of Father Chavara and Mother Eluvathingal will open the doors to religious tourism , according to Abraham George, chairman and managing director, Intersight Tours and Travels.
There could be a flow of religious tourists to see the places where the saints lived and worshipped, he reckons. For the Church in Kerala, the sainthoods are recognition from Christianity's highest authorities. But Sarah Joseph says that the development is the result of the changes that are taking place in the Vatican. The new Pope is seen as a person who recognizes the poor, the marginalized and the minorities. "It is therefore not surprising that two people of an Asian country were canonized when he is at the highest authority of the Church," she said.

Black Friday: Know about the traditional kickoff to the holiday shopping seasonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ET Magazine | Fifty shades of fakesHow counterfeits compete with the great masters in India's fledgling art market
By Suman Layak , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Do not be a lazy buyer Read and educate yourself. The signature of the artist is often easiest to forge. See if you can spot the trademarks of the artists work or identify his/her brushstrokes?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It can happen to the best. As it did to Vickram Sethi, art dealer, auctioneer and chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Art .
Circa 2008, Sethi is sitting in his office in South Mumbai's art district, Kala Ghoda. After carefully looking at a fullsized Husain painting, it dawns on Sethi that he is being duped. Only a few days ago he had paid an advance of Rs 1 lakh after seeing an image of the painting and an art dealer had transported it over from Delhi. After seeing it for real in his gallery, Sethi was 90% sure it was a fake.
What followed was dramatic. Sethi locked up his gallery and refused to pay the balance of Rs 70-80 lakh. He also refused to let the painting be taken out unless he got a refund of the advance. After a few hours the dealer relented.
At the time of the incident MF Husain, the celebrated painter, had already moved to Dubai. Sethi digs deep into his memory to recall why he rejected the painting. The legs and knees of the horses were not right and the shape of the mane was different from Husain's trademark style. A full sheet Husain today can easily cost between Rs 22 lakh and Rs 30 lakh and more (a 4x6 can touch Rs 90 lakh) and there's no upper limit. Taking the "fake" hostage was probably worth it.
Here's a more recent example of a brush with dodgy art. A young lady, recommended by a painter of repute, approached businessman Harsh Goenka with a Husain painting in mid-2014.
Goenka, chairman of RPG Enterprises and one of the biggest art collectors in India, liked the painting. But, on a hunch, he sent it to art dealer Dadiba Pundole, who has dealt with a lot of Husain's work. Pundole pointed out to Goenka that while Husain's English signature on the painting matched, his signature in Hindi was wrong.
Also, the arrows in a scene showing Bhisma Pitamah on his deathbed were pointing upwards, the wrong direction. Husain had done this Mahabharata scene in many of his paintings. Goenka adds: "Also it was too perfect. Husain is never too perfect in his arrangement."
The seller claimed she had no idea that it was a fake and Goenka sent her away with the painting. Not every art buyer is as fortunate. Many end up with duds.
For instance, art consultant Mallika Advani , formerly with international art auctioneer Christie's, talks about a friend who recently came to her with two paintings of celebrated painter FN Souza.
She needed money to tide over a distress. Advani was, however, shocked to find that both the paintings were obvious fakes.
Welcome to the quicksand called the fledgling Indian art market , barely 15 years old, and yet to build its institutions.

Sewage swamps WashermenpetUpdated: November 30, 2014 09:27 IST
Sewage swamps Washermenpet
THE HINDU
The problem, caused by a damaged pipeline, worsens with rain — Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
Residents of Thandavarayan Mudali Street in Washermenpet, for the past few months, have been regularly contending with stagnation of sewage water.
The problem is not associated with the rains, though the scenario worsens during the showers.
N. Sivaraj, a resident of the street, has been facing difficulty in stepping out of his house because of sewage stagnated right outside. He said the problem had been persisting for more than six months. So far, the only solution worked out by local officials is a vehicle that drains the water. “It has become a way of life for residents to drain out sewage water from their homes with buckets,” he rued.
A senior official of Chennai Metro Water Supply and Sewerage Board said the problem on the street was due to damage to a pipeline, but claimed it had been set right and sewage water removed.
Residents of Cross Road in Tondiarpet also face a similar problem, with local officials failing to take any steps to prevent sewage stagnation. As the road is an important link road to Tiruvottiyur High Road, motorists and pedestrians are also affected by the pools of dirty water.

Ricorso re-creates vintage styles for modern women0
The resulting trench coat, in a navy blue Japanese cotton canvas with shimmering green sequins at the hem and cuffs, is part of Ricorso's inaugural capsule collection, which launched last week. Called "The Ten," for the number of pieces in the collection, it will be available through Dec. 12 at the Gold Coast boutique VMR, 34 E. Oak St..
Ricorso reimagines existing vintage pieces for modern sizes and sensibilities, aiming to maintain the special, one-of-a-kind appeal of vintage finds by offering limited inventory, generally one garment per style per size. (Most styles run sizes 2 through 14 but some are more limited). Prices range from $790 for day dresses to $3,600 for a long silk-wool dress; the trench coat runs $2,895.
Ricorso in Italian means "recourse," but to Sneed, it carries deeper significance.
Three years ago, Sneed lost his business partner and best friend, Richard Morse, a fashion designer with whom he ran the "everyday essentials" clothing lines sp1t and Kirk James , and with whom he had won a Rising Star award from the Chicago chapter of The Fashion Group International.
At the funeral for Morse, who died of a heart issue at 55, Sneed, the business brains of their company, resolved to continue the work they started. Ever since, he has slowly been assembling a team of fashion professionals to create Ricorso — named, in part, for Richard.
The quartet behind Ricorso includes Aubrie Meyer, who teaches fashion construction at the School of the Art Institute, as technical director; stylist Stacey Jones, former fashion editor at Chicago magazine and currently fashion director at New York-based luxury magazine As If, as creative director; and veteran Chicago fashion designer Elda de la Rosa as head of tailoring.
Sneed, who works as chief talent officer at a health care company when he's not starting a fashion line, is bankrolling the project while it gets off the ground.
"I think Richard would be happy with what we're doing," Sneed said.

OMG: World s most shocking photoshoots ever!Photo uploaded by Kripa Parekh
on Aug 06, 2014 , 05:17 pm
50707 Views  |  7  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
This violent and sexist Duncan Quinn suit advertisement depicting a strangled and bloody half-naked woman lying on a car has been deemed by NY Mag as, The most disturbing ad found in December 2008 fashion magazines. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
This violent and sexist Duncan Quinn suit advertisement depicting a strangled and bloody half-naked woman lying on a car has been deemed by NY Mag as, The most disturbing ad found in December 2008 fashion magazines. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Lalit Modis biggest controversies EXPOSEDPhoto uploaded by Shankar Manakkal
on Nov 28, 2013 , 05:04 pm
10177 Views  |  13  Comments  |  
Controversys favourite child, Mr. Lalit Kumar Modi is one of the most scandalous businessman in India today.
Controversys favourite child, Mr. Lalit Kumar Modi is one of the most scandalous businessman in India today.

Bday spl: Fawad Khans SEXIEST photosPhoto uploaded by Samira Kapoor
on Nov 07, 2014 , 12:04 pm
1766 Views  |  15  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
OMG. How hot is this guy really? All you Fawad Khan fans, you have landed on the right page. Image courtesy: Procured via google search
OMG. How hot is this guy really? All you Fawad Khan fans, you have landed on the right page. Image courtesy: Procured via google search

China: 15 killed  14 hurt in attack in XinjiangBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 6:42 pm
An attack in China’s troubled western Xinjiang region left 15 people dead and 14 injured, state media reported Saturday, the latest in a wave of ethnic violence there that has claimed dozens of lives over the past year.
The official Xinhua News Agency said the attack took place at a “food street” on Friday in Shache county, the same region where an attack in July left 96 people dead, including 59 assailants.
The Tianshan news portal said the assailants in Friday’s attack wielded explosives, knives and at least one vehicle. Xinhua reported that 11 of the 15 people killed were assailants.
Xinjiang has been the site of repeated violence over the past year as members of the Muslim Uighur (WEE-gur) minority group have bristled under what they say is repressive Chinese government rule.

Sajid Nadiadwala signs Armaan Kohli for a two film dealBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:55 pm
Armaan Kohli, who was last seen in the 2003 film LOC: Kargil, has been missing from the big screen. However, the actor’s career seems to have received a jumpstart post his appearance in the Bigg Boss house last year. In fact post his stint in the house, Armaan has been signed to play a negative role in Sooraj Barjatya’s next Salman Khan starrer ‘Prem Ratan Dhan Payo’.
Now we hear that Armaan Kohli has also been roped in for a two film deal by producer director Sajid Nadiadwala. Kohli confirmed the development saying that Nadiadwala had called him to the office and requested him to be part of two films from the five that he was intending on starting.
However, though Armaan Kohli is pretty kicked about the multiple films, he refuses to divulge any details of the same.

5 yoga poses that relieve stressShare 0
It is a well-known fact that yoga helps to improve flexibility and stamina. But if you thought these are the only health benefits that yoga can promise you, think again. Recent studies, including one ... more 
It is a well-known fact that yoga helps to improve flexibility and stamina. But if you thought these are the only health benefits that yoga can promise you, think again. Recent studies, including one conducted at the Boston University School of Medicine, have found that yoga is a great form of exercise for anyone looking to positively impact their mood. It has been observed that yoga increases the level of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), a chemical in the brain that helps to regulate nerve activity. This chemical is reduced in people with mood and anxiety disorders. Therefore, rather than going for prescription drugs to increase GABA, yoga proves to be the best way to boost up the mood and get rid of stress and anxiety.
But yoga in itself is vast, and you cannot really do each and every pose or asana every single day! However, you need not worry. We have for you a list of five best poses that have been proved to improve mood efficiently. Read to know more about these. less 
1 / 27

New foreign trade policy will come when time is right: DGFTNew foreign trade policy will come when time is right: DGFT
BS Reporter | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The government will unveil a new foreign trade policy only when the time is right, Director General of Foreign Trade Pravir Kumar has said. He added it was unlikely the government would release it in the winter session of Parliament.
“The draft (foreign trade) policy is still under consideration. The government will announce it only when the time is right. It cannot be announced when Parliament is in session. No policy can be announced outside Parliament,” Kumar said at a conference on foreign trade policy, organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry and CUTS International on Saturday.
He added until the new policy came into effect, the current policy, announced in August 2009, would be adhered to. The current policy was to expire in August this year.
“For preparing the new policy, we have had very extensive consultations…We are pondering on issues that are making it difficult for exporters to export to other countries. Therefore, the focus will be on ease of doing business. We will be looking at simplification of procedures and rationalisation of paperwork and bring in reforms,” he said.
Kumar added one of the thrust areas of the new foreign trade policy would be ensuring taxes weren’t exported and infrastructural deficiencies were addressed. Incentives would be provided for exporting to difficult areas, especially landlocked countries, with optimal usage of natural resources, he said.
This is after many years that the government has delayed rolling out a new foreign trade policy. Typically announced after the presentation of the annual Budget, it is for a period of five years, after which supplements to the policy are released.
“The details of the new foreign trade policy are under consultation and finalisation,” commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman had told the Lok Sabha Friday.
In October, India’s merchandise exports fell 5.04 per cent to $26.09 billion from $27.48 billion in the corresponding period last year. This was the first fall in exports this financial year.
For the April-October period, exports increased 4.72 per cent $189.79 billion from $181.23 billion in the year-ago period.
Industry believes the government should roll out the new foreign trade policy soon to help grab opportunities in international markets.

Sisodia  Rakhi Birla in Aam Aadmi Party s second list of candidatesAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Former ministers Manish Sisodia and Rakhi Birla figured in the second list of the Aam Aadmi Party as it yesterday announced 13 more candidates for the upcoming Delhi assembly elections.
Sisodia will contest from Patparganj and Birla has been fielded from Mangolpuri, seats represented by the two former ministers in their earlier stint as legislators.
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) National convenor Arvind Kejriwal’s name is to be announced at the end after all candidates propose his name as party’s CM candidate.
The party has renominated Madan Lal, Dinesh Mohania and Prakash Jarwal, former legislators from Kasturba Nagar, Sangam Vihar and Deoli areas respectively. Raju Dhingan, with whom the party was unhappy over his ineffective handling of the riots, has also been given ticket from Trilokpuri seat.
The party dropped Veena Anand, who represented Patel Nagar seat, and has nominated Hazari Lal Chauhan in her place.
AAP has also given ticket to Gopal Rai, senior party leader, from Baburpur. Interestingly, the party had decided to change some of its candidates that came third in last assembly election, but Rai, who came third, has been given the ticket.
It has also changed candidates in six constituencies, giving chance to new faces. From Ballimara, it has fielded Imran Hussain, while from Matia Mahal it has nominated Asim Ahmed Khan as the party candidate.
Ram Niwas Goel and Raghuvendra Shaukeen are party candidates from Shahdra and Nagloi Jat respectively. The party had come third and (fourth in case of Ballimaran) in these constituencies in last assembly elections and has decided to field new faces.
It has also changed its candidate from Rithala and has given ticket to Mahindra Goel.
With this list, the total number of candidates declared by the party has gone up to 35 in the 70-member Delhi Legislative assembly.
In the first list of 22 candidates, announced on November 13, the party announced ticket to 12 of its former legislators, which included four former ministers of the 49-day AAP government.
TAGS: AAP Arvind Kejriwal
More from miscellaneous

Crimetown Wasseypur gangs up for clean politics  development‘Crimetown’ Wasseypur gangs up for clean politics, development
Krittivas Mukherjee , Hindustan Times  Dhanbad, November 29, 2014
First Published: 18:30 IST(29/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:26 IST(29/11/2014)
Comments
The spicy scent of stewing meat wafts down the winding alleyways of Wasseypur, where a fine frenzy of daily life jars with its reel image of a decrepit ghetto of Muslim gangsters chopping and blasting each other to bits over the rich resources of a tiny coal town.
Madrasa students at Qamar Maqdoomi Road in Wasseypur, Dhanbad.(Parwaz Khan/HT Photo)
True, blind ambition and vengeance oil the wheels of a long-running blood feud between two criminal dynasties in Wasseypur but such rivalries only play out on the margins of a locality which sees no winner in a gang life.
 
For most of its 200,000 inhabitants, the struggle is for a better life, hoping that clean, honest politicians will help alter its squalid veneer and image of a shadowy slum of petty thieves and armed adolescent fighters.
Like much of life in this town, the coal mafia controls the politics of this mineral-rich region, a bane for people like Feroze Khan who feel criminal-politicians have a vested interest in keeping Wasseypur down.
“That’s the only way their shadowy businesses will survive,” says the 43-year-old owner of a diagnostic centre, wearing a baseball cap turned around.
 
Dhanbad votes on December 14. Two of the six top candidates here face criminal charges, including those of kidnapping and murder.
Winds of change
Virtually bypassed by the economic prosperity around it, Wasseypur is a 2-sq km patch of open sewers, alleyways and bric-a-brac houses in the heart of Dhanbad. A main street lined with tiny shops cuts through the crammed colony.
Until six months ago, the only government presence in Wasseypur was a post office and a state-funded madrasa. Now, a new branch of State Bank of India, the first bank for the locality ever, is being seen as symbol of the coming change.
Now, almost everyone insists prosperity is slowly trickling down. Even so, there is not one hospital here and a lack of enough toilets still forces some to suspend their dignity and squat without privacy on the roadside.
 
If the winds of awareness are blowing through Wasseypur then it is because today more parents are insisting on sending their children to school and colleges.
Here, Qamar Maqdoomi Road is a slice of a lane too narrow for even a car to pass through. On it are the houses of Faheem Khan and Sabir Alam, dreaded gang lords whose families have fought for three-generations, a blood-soaked rivalry that inspired Anurag Kashyap’s 2-part film, ‘Gangs of Wasseypur’. Faheem, now in jail for murder, runs his gang from the prison. Alam too is facing murder charges but is out on bail and on the run from Faheem’s men.
 
It was on this road that Abu Imran grew up. With a festering stew of poverty, exploitation and crime his only inspiration, Imran cleared the civil services in 2007 and is now posted as the district collector of neighbouring Ramgarh. Since then, more youngsters have followed suit.
“Imran’s success became a symbol of hope for our youth,” says Asad-ur-Rehman, his elder brother.
Residence of Faheem Khan at Qamar Maqdoomi Road in Wasseypur, Dhanbad. (Parwaz Khan/HT Photo)
A decrepit coal town
Across Dhanbad, decades of lawless coal trading have left their mark, with coal dust casting a thick film of decay on just about everything from rutted roads to trees and houses. Poor families dig coal in unregulated pits; thousands of people carry sacks of illegally mined coal on their heads or by bicycle to mafia-run depots.
More organised rackets control unions and transport, manipulate coal auctions, extort and bribe or outright steal the resource.
 
In this murky intertwining of the mafia, police, politicians, unions and coal companies, gangland killings are common between rival coal clans, both with the surname Singh.
The two clans are relatives of crime boss Suraj Deo Singh who came here from Uttar Pradesh in the 1970s and rose from coal worker to union boss and then MLA. He counted the late Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar as a friend, who once spent a weekend at the ‘Singh Mansion’, a feared symbol of mafia power.
For the gangs, enjoying the spoils of their sinister trade comes with the pretence of respect for each other’s territory. The Singhs control the coal trade; the Muslim gangs find rich pickings from railway contracts and the scrap iron business, all worth around Rs. 3,000 crore annually.
 
Local say, over the past years, the Singhs’ control over coal trade has been challenged by a rising star in Dhanbad underworld – Dhulu Mahto who too, like Suraj Deo, rose from a coal worker to a union leader and then became an MLA.
In Wasseypur, an army of uneducated, unemployed youth ensure a steady supply of recruits for the gangs.
“About 25% of the youth here join the gangs because there are no alternative options for them,” says Bilquis Khanum, the Congress district general secretary.
Still, she says it’s unfair to paint Wasseypur as a crimetown and blames Kashyap’s film for its infamy.
“The crime rate here is no worse than any other part of Dhanbad,” Khanum says.
“Just as others, for our people too it’s about jobs and development. We too want a good future for our children.”

OPEC challenges shale gas revolution  benefits oil importThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Photos of Hollande and actress Julie Gayet prompt palace job transfersPhotos of Hollande and actress Julie Gayet prompt palace job transfers
AFP
print
Five presidential staff are being transferred after photos appeared of French President Francois Hollande with actress Julie Gayet inside the Elysee Palace, officials confirmed on Friday.
Hollande's affair with the actress made headlines worldwide in January, but photos of the pair on a private terrace of the palace which appeared last week were even more worrying for the embattled leader because they appeared to have been taken from within the Elysee itself.
The celebrity magazine Voici said the three pictures it published of Hollande, 60, and Gayet, 42, sitting together were taken secretly in October.
Voici described the photos as a "tender moment... behind the walls of the Elysee," where Gayet spends "several nights a week".
An investigation into the security breach has failed to identify the culprit, according to the Liberation daily.
But police are convinced they were taken by a member of the president's personal staff on a mobile phone from within his private apartments.
The paper said that four of the five staff had been given their jobs in the palace by Hollande's predecessor, Nicolas Sarkozy, adding to suspicions that a mole was feeding embarrassing leaks to Sarkozy, who is widely presumed to be aiming for an electoral comeback.
"Five staff members assigned to the president's private service are being reassigned," a source in the president's office said, partially confirming the paper's claims.
Paparazzi photos in January of Hollande in a scooter helmet visiting the actress in a Paris apartment set off a media firestorm from which Hollande has never recovered.
His partner at the time, journalist Valerie Trierweiler, published a bestselling tell-all memoir of their subsequent break-up, portraying the president as a cold-hearted egotist and champagne socialist, who was contemptuous of the "toothless" poor.
The 49-year-old Trierweiler also claimed Hollande was ashamed of her modest origins.
"Thank You For This Moment" has now been translated into 12 languages and was published in English last week amid huge hype. The book is top of the French bestseller charts.
A poll published shortly after the book came out in France found only one percent of French people said they had "total confidence" in Hollande "to resolve the problems France is currently facing" and his popularity remains stuck at record lows.
In further fallout from the affair, a French court ordered Closer to pay Gayet 15,000 euros ($18,700) in damages for breach of privacy, when the original claims emerged.

HIV risk: NARI finds rural folk artistes vulnerableWritten by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:38 am
Two years after the first-of-its-kind rural research clinic of the National AIDS Research Institute (NARI) was set up at Karad in Satara, scientists and researchers studying the pattern of spread of HIV and associated diseases have a clearer picture of high-risk and vulnerable groups in rural pockets. Researchers conducting a mapping exercise to identify groups and hotspots that accelerate spread of the disease have found at least 15 groups vulnerable to HIV, including some folk dance artistes (Tamasha, Lavani) and migrants in rural areas. The researchers studied data from 11 tehsils of the district, and identified 117 hotspots for spread of the disease.
Scientists have conducted a comprehensive situational analysis covering all 11 tehsils of Satara to understand the status of the district vis-à-vis infant and maternal mortality, reproductive child health services, HIV/AIDS, TB, and sexually transmitted disease, Dr Seema Sahay, senior scientist with NARI told The Sunday Express.
The clinic, the NARI-AIDS Rural Research Initiative in Maharashtra (N-ARRIM), was set up in collaboration with the Satara medical college, after high HIV prevalence in certain rural and semi-urban pockets. The rural research facility is aimed at developing infrastructure and invigorating research capacities, explained Dr R S Paranjape, a senior scientist with NARI.
To build a partnership with local stakeholders, there is a Community Advisory Board (CAB) of 8 members from diverse fields in Satara district. “The situational analysis has given us a lead in pursuing the mapping exercise to understand high-risk and vulnerable pockets,” Sahay added.
The mapping aims at identifying location of high-risk groups in the district and curbing rapid spread of HIV, through prevention and control measures.
“We won’t term some groups as high risk, but put them as vulnerable to avoid stigma and ensure they are not discriminated agains,” a scientist said when they found that among some vulnerable groups were folk dancers (Tamasha, Lavani) and migrant families. The future plan is to initiate studies to identify disease burden and effectiveness of implementation of various programmes in the district. Our emphasis could be on creating a data base,” the scientist added.

Gang war in broad daylight claims another life  cops hunt for MarneBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:26 am
The war of supremacy between criminal gangs has spilled more blood in the city. In the latest showdown, the dreaded Gajanan Marne gang allegedly gunned down a member of the Nilesh Ghaywal gang near Vaikunth crematorium in Navi Peth area in broad daylight on Saturday. This is second death in a gang war this month.
Amol Hari Badhe of Hanuman Nagar, known to be an active member of the Ghaywal gang was killed and his aides Santosh Nagu Kamble and Lakhan Lokhande were injured in the attack.
Primary investigation revealed that about eight members of Marne gang were involved.
On November 4, Santosh Hiraman Gawade (28) a close aide of Nilesh Ghaywal was killed in Lavale.
Police said Badhe, Kamble and Lonkhade had gone to the crematorium on Saturday afternoon to attend the last rites of a friend’s father. After the ritual, the trio were moving towards Rajendra Nagar on motorcycle when they were intercepted by some members of the Gajanan Marne gang. Their four-wheeler knocked the bike down, and the three fell on the ground. The Marne gang opned fire but the trio got up and tried to flee.Some Marne gang members on motorcycles opened fire at them. The killers fled.
On getting to know about the incident, a police team rushed to the spot. Police said the three were found in a pool of blood and were taken to hospital where Badhe was pronounced dead.
The attack took place in Anad Bag area near Vaikunth crematorium. Some people residing in the area were offering prayers at Parmarth Niketan temple nearby, when the attack spread panic in the usually placid area. Top police officials visited the scene of crime.
An offence of murder was registered against Marne and seven aides Vicky Bandal, Rupesh Marne, Sagar Rajput, Balaji Kadam, Sagar Dimble, Vishal Dimble and Nikhil Bubhai, at Vishrambag police station. An extensive search operation was launched for the Marne gang members. Police said it was a well-planned attack. Marne gang got a tip-off that Badhe and his aides were going to atend the rites at the crematorium. The Marne gang kept a watch on them and attacked them.
Ghaywal gang hitman arrested, pistol seized
The anti-extortion cell of the Pune police crime branch arrested Santosh Anand Dhumal (30) of Right Bhusari Colony on Friday. Police said Dhumal was planning to eliminate Gajanan Marne to avenge the murder of Santosh Hiraman Gawade on November 4 for which Marne gang was blamed.
Police recovered a pistol and a live cartridge from Dhumal. Police said there have been several clashes between the two gangs in the past.
In 2008, members of the Marne gang opened fire on Ghaywal and Gawade and attempted to kill them in Shastrinagar area. In retaliation, Sachin Kudle of the Marne gang was murdered in 2010 in Kothrud and Gawade was accused in the case. Marne continued…

Mohali Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre to celebrate 37th Raising Day on Dec 1By: Express News Service | Chandigarh |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:29 am
Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre (PRC), Mohali, will be celebrating its 37th Raising Day on December 1. The governor of Haryana will be the chief guest on the occasion and Maj Gen S K Razdan, the only paraplegic officer, who rose to the rank of a General Officer, will also be present.
Maj Gen R S Rathore, MG AOC, HQ Western Command, said, “PRC Mohali caters to 100 per cent disabled soldiers (paraplegic and tetraplegic) who hail from northern, central and eastern regions of the country.”
The purpose of PRC is to rehabilitate such soldiers and make them self-reliant. Another centre is at Kirkee in Pune. At present, 24 inmates are undergoing treatment at PRC, Mohali. Though the institute has infrastructure to treat 100 paraplagia patients, it can accommodate only 44. The officials are, however, planning to construct more quarters.
“We will construct more quarters so that the facilities can be utilised to the fullest. Further, we are also planning to procure state-of-the-art physiotherapy equipment,” Maj Gen R S Rathore said.

18 youths stopped on way to ISISWritten by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:25 am
In the past six months, 18 youths have been stopped while they were about to leave India to join the ISIS.
This was revealed at a two-day meeting of DGPs in Guwahati organised by the Intelligence Bureau (IB) where the threat posed by outfits such as the ISIS was discussed. On Saturday, the IB gave a 15-minute presentation on “strategy to counter radicalisation and foil attempts to attract youth to ISIS and Qaedat al Jihad (the new branch of al-Qaeda created for the subcontinent)”.
In the case of all the 18 youths who were stopped, local police were alerted by the parents or family members. The youths belonged to West Bengal, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.

Police officer at center of Ferguson shooting resignsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Raid on Flipkart warehouse; firm deniesYou are here: Home > Collections > Ghaziabad
Raid on Flipkart warehouse; firm denies
ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Also, we found a blank Form…)
NEW DELHI: A warehouse operated by India's largest e-commerce company Flipkart in Ghaziabad has come under the scanner of the Commercial Taxes Department of Uttar Pradesh, which has slapped a penalty of Rs 13.8 lakh on the company, accusing it of non-compliance with the rules related to import of goods. "Two trucks were bringing shoes from outside Uttar Pradesh for the Dasna-based warehouse of Flipkart. However, they were carrying more goods than they had declared. Also, we found a blank Form 38 with them, which is an issue of non-compliance," said an official of the department who was part of the raid.
Form 38 is a document that companies are required to fill when they bring products and merchandise into the state. The authorities found 171 pairs of shoes in the truck that were undeclared. The official added that the department has received several complaints against Flipkart from local traders about evasion of VAT and selling goods below maximum retail price. A Flipkart spokesperson denied the news. "This information is absolutely incorrect. We are in compliance with the laws of the land and there was no raid or seizure of goods in our Ghaziabad warehouse," said the spokesperson in an email. The official added that more e-commerce companies are under the scanner for similar violations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ferguson: Police officer who killed teen resignsprint
The white police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager in a St. Louis suburb has resigned, his lawyer said on Saturday, as activists set out on a 120-mile (193-km) march to protest the killing and a grand jury's decision not to indict him.
The resignation of Darren Wilson from the Ferguson, Missouri, police force comes nearly four months after he killed 18-year-old Michael Brown and days after the announcement that he would not face criminal charges.
The incident, which has led to months of sometimes violent protests in Ferguson, has reignited a debate over race relations and the use of police force in the United States.
Neil Bruntrager, an attorney for Wilson, confirmed that the officer had submitted his resignation, a move that was long anticipated, no matter the outcome of the grand jury's deliberations.
"In terms of his safety, it is probably the best thing for him," said Cynthia Burnes, 26, a nurse's assistant from St. Louis who was among about 50 people gathered in front of the Ferguson police headquarters on Saturday evening. "He is black-listed from this moment on."
A man was arrested at the scene after he knelt in the middle of the street with his hands raised, chanting "Hands up, don't shoot," a common refrain at Ferguson protests.
In a letter published by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Wilson said he had been told that "my continued employment may put the residents and police officers of the City of Ferguson at risk, which is a circumstance that I cannot allow."
Wilson, who said he was acting in self-defense when he shot Brown, said he wanted to wait until after the grand jury's decision before he made his decision to resign, according to the letter.
After a night of arson and looting in Ferguson following the decision, demonstrations this week spread to other major US cities, with some of the protests targeting shopping malls on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, as the holiday shopping season got under way.
On Saturday, activists shifted gears by setting off on a seven-day march from Ferguson to Jefferson City, the state capital. The march, reminiscent of the civil rights marches of the 1960s, was organized by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
The NAACP is calling for a reform of police practices, a new police chief in Ferguson and a national law to prevent racial profiling by police.
More than 150 people set out on the "Journey for Justice" from the Canfield Green Apartments, near the spot where Brown was shot and killed, with some marchers singing the decades-old protest song "We Shall Overcome."
Sandra Henry, 53, a registered nurse from St. Louis, said she was marching to press for reform of police practices. "This isn't just about St. Louis. We are speaking for other cities, other countries too," Henry said.
All told, about 100 marchers were expected to make the entire journey, with about 1,000 expected to be part of the final leg of the march, said NAACP staff member Jamiah Adams.
By nightfall, a dozen people had gathered at the Ferguson police station, the scene of some of this week's worst riots. No police officers were standing out front but a small crew of national guard lingered in the back.
The shooting and its aftermath are taking a toll on the state's finances. Missouri Governor Jay Nixon has called for the state assembly to convene for a special session to approve more funds for the Missouri Highway Patrol and the National Guard after months of protests over Brown's death.
In New York, activists rallied in Harlem on Saturday to draw parallels between Brown's death and what they see as other cases of unjustified police violence.

Watch George Mason hit a 75-foot shot to beat ManhattanBy Des Bieler November 29 Follow @DesBieler
George Mason was in big trouble Saturday. It was down two points with two seconds left, and Manhattan was at the line for the second of a pair of free throws. Even if the attempt missed, the Patriots would have almost no time to get the rebound and then toss a Hail Mary the other way.
But sometimes in sports, prayers are answered, which is exactly what happened at Patriot Center. Take a look (and listen):
That’s redshirt sophomore forward Jalen Jenkins grabbing the missed shot, taking one dribble and then letting fly an exquisitely accurate 75-foot shot that just beat the buzzer. Game over. Patriots win, 64-63.
In fact, the shot by Jenkins was just the last in a remarkable sequence in which the Patriots, who had been down by six with 21 seconds left, went on an 11-4 sprint. Junior guard Patrick Holloway was another hero, hitting two three-pointers during that closing run.
Quite the dramatic victory and one desperately needed by George Mason, which had just returned from the Puerto Rico Tip-Off tournament, in which it lost all three of its games. The first of those losses was a blowout to West Virginia. The second was closer, an 11-point loss to New Mexico, and the third was a one-point loss to College of Charleston that saw Patriots forward Vaughn Gray miss a potential game-winning three-pointer at the buzzer.
So perhaps the win Saturday wasn’t so much a miracle as the next step in a logical progression. Either way, the 2-4 Patriots will gladly take it.
This former editor and part-time writer at The Post is now happy to prove that if you combine 'blowhard' and 'blaggard,' you get 'blogger.' He previously had used 'Desmond Bieler' as his byline, but feels that shortening the first name to 'Des' nicely conveys his ever-decreasing gravitas. He also covers Fantasy Football.

Ferguson shooting: Officer Wilson who killed unarmed black teen resignsBy: Reuters | Ferguson |
Posted: November 30, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 9:48 am
The white police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager in St. Louis suburb has resigned, his lawyer said on Saturday, as activists set out on a 120-mile march to protest the killing and a grand jury’s decision not to indict him.
The resignation of Darren Wilson from the Ferguson, Missouri, police force comes nearly four months after he killed 18-year-old Michael Brown and days after the announcement that he would not face criminal charges.
The incident, which has led to months of sometimes violent protests in Ferguson, has reignited a debate over race relations and the use of police force in the United States.
A demonstrator sits in front of a street fire during a demonstration following the grand jury decision in the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown, in Oakland, California November 25, 2014. The grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager. (Source: Reuters)
Neil Bruntrager, an attorney for Wilson, confirmed that the officer had submitted his resignation, a move that was long anticipated, no matter the outcome of the grand jury’s deliberations. The news was earlier reported by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and the Associated Press.
“In terms of his safety, it is probably the best thing for him,” said Cynthia Burnes, 26, a nurse’s assistant from St. Louis who was among a dozen people gathered in front of the Ferguson police headquarters on Saturday evening. “He is black-listed from this moment on.”
In a letter published by the Post-Dispatch, Wilson said he had been told that “my continued employment may put the residents and police officers of the City of Ferguson at risk, which is a circumstance that I cannot allow.”
A man raises his arms in front of a burning police vehicle after continued…

English Premier League: Chelsea drop points at Sunderland; Manchester United register clinical winThe goalless draw at the Stadium of Lights was the only instance where the London-based club has failed to score. (Source: AP)
London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:57 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:00 pm
Chelsea’s seemingly irresistible march towards the title hit an unlikely roadblock at Sunderland on Saturday as they were held to a 0-0 draw having failed to score for the first time in their unbeaten Premier League season.
Jose Mourinho’s side stretched their lead at the top to seven points but Sunderland’s splendid resistance at the Stadium of Light at least scattered a few crumbs of hope for nearest pursuers Southampton and Manchester City, who meet on Sunday.
Chelsea’s other floundering heavyweight rivals — Manchester United, who beat Hull City 3-0, Arsenal, who won at West Bromwich Albion with a Danny Welbeck goal , and Liverpool, who beat Stoke City 1-0 despite dropping captain Steven Gerrard — were also grateful for Sunderland’s dogged effort.
Gus Poyet’s Sunderland team, who have become rare pests for Mourinho as Chelsea’s conquerors in last season’s League Cup and the side which ended his 78-match unbeaten league record at Stamford Bridge, could even have pinched another win if Adam Johnson had not spurned two late chances.
Chelsea, nowhere near as sharp as in their midweek Champions League dismantling of Schalke 04, dominated proceedings but were held for the third time this term as they moved clear of second-placed Southampton and nine points ahead of champions City.
Mourinho, far from disappointed, felt it was a “a good point” against a Sunderland side which Poyet, a former Stamford Bridge favourite, reckoned had “defended for their lives”.
“Only one team tried to win from the beginning, the other team didn’t. They defended a lot and they defended well,” said Mourinho. “Defending a lot and well is not a crime. They were successful in their approach.”
GERRARD AXED
At Anfield, the inspirational Gerrard was axed on the 16th anniversary of his Liverpool debut but Brendan Rodgers’ surprise decision was vindicated as they arrested their slump.
There have been plenty of questions over the form and effectiveness of Gerrard, 34, during 11th-placed Liverpool’s recent travails but even dropping him to the bench did not seem to alter their sluggish form as they laboured for 75 minutes.
The captain came on with a quarter of an hour left, amid deafening cheers, and Liverpool finally broke through with Glen Johnson’s 85th-minute header.
Arsenal also gained welcome relief amid their worst start to a season for 32 years thanks to Welbeck’s header.
The victory, reflecting Arsenal’s domination, did not stop manager Arsene Wenger having to field questions about a fan banner which said, “Thanks for the memories but it’s time to say goodbye”.
“I don’t want to comment on that. I try to do my best for this club that I love,” responded Wenger.
The win moved Arsenal up to sixth on 20 points as Manchester United consolidated fourth with 22 after first-half goals by Chris Smalling and Wayne Rooney and a brilliant strike from continued…

Carlo Ancelotti on a high after Real Madrid secure 16th consecutive winBy: Reuters | Madrid |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:38 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:30 pm
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said he felt like he was dreaming after watching his team secure a club record 16th consecutive victory with Saturday’s 2-1 success at Malaga in La Liga.
Ancelotti’s side have won all their games across the Spanish top flight, the Champions League and the King’s Cup since falling 2-1 at home to Atletico Madrid in La Liga in September, beating the previous longest winning streak of 15 matches set in 1960-61 and 2011-12.
“This seems like a dream,” Ancelotti told a news conference at Malaga’s Rosaleda stadium after strikes from Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale earned three more points for the La Liga leaders.
“We are very happy with the run and hopefully it will continue,” added the Italian, who led Real to a record-extending 10th European title last season in his first term in charge.
“They will give me the credit for this but I have the good fortune to coach a fantastic team, with fantastic players at a fantastic club.
“I have only admiration for the players but of course this is only one part of a long season.”
Perhaps the biggest surprise of the night was that La Liga top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo did not add to his haul of 20 goals in 11 appearances before Saturday, although the Portugal captain did provide two assists.
“He did fantastic work and he was the key to the match,” Ancelotti said. “It’s unusual for him not to score but he did create two goals.
Real’s next outing is a King’s Cup last 32, second leg at home to third-tier Cornella on Tuesday.
Real have a 4-1 lead from last month’s first leg against the Barcelona-based minnows and Ancelotti is likely to rest several regulars for the game at the Bernabeu.

Court clears former Egyptian president Mubarak in 2011 protesters deaths caseBy: Reuters | Cairo |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:49 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:28 am
Ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was on Saturday acquitted by an Egyptian court which found him not guilty in the killing of hundreds of protesters during the 2011 revolution that toppled his 30-year rule, overturning an earlier ruling. Judge Mahmud Kamel al-Rashidi also acquitted Mubarak of corruption charges for exporting gas to Israel.
READ: Thousands protest Mubarak verdict in Egypt, 1 killed 
The court ruled that Mubarak’s seven former security commanders, including his former interior minister Habib al-Adly, were “innocent” in the killing of anti-government protesters during the 2011 revolution.
The 86-year-old, dressed in his trademark shades and wearing the blue clothes of a convict, was wheeled into the caged dock on an upright stretcher. His two sons were also acquitted from all corruption charges.
Mubarak and his co-defendants were found guilty in June 2012 and sentenced to life imprisonment. The initial verdict was appealed successfully and a retrial began in April 2013. He is serving a separate three-year prison term for embezzlement of public funds.

Sagar this sound very interesting. logically the stock shall crash at ...Reposted about 15 days 5 hrs 19 min 49 sec ago by vishii12
FRIEND
Because they made 4 bulk deals of small quantity to create interest to retailers to  buy the stock,
as soon as retailers started placing orders at circuit and below circuit IDFC sold them,(so the share came from 33.90 to 30.50 the orders of retailers got executed)
the bulk deals might have also got sold out on the same day
IF you think HNI`s bought these shares,they did`nt purchase more than 0.5% if they bought more then 0.5% it will be recorded as a bulk deal but that did`nt happen
the total trade amount might be in between 30-35 crore,it is a very small amount when retailers try to buy any speculative stock

Certainly it will correct by 20 to 30% from the present price...so the...Platinum Member
198 Followers
Ntpc after fpo is qutoing between 109 to 150.... No appreciation.... Ongc after ist fpo it is also quoting narrow range with lower bias.. Iind fpo again is coming... So gauge the value of any stock after fpo... & decide the value of bank stocks after rs. 90000 crs fpo by the govt.....!!!

Stunning photos: Super-yachts with penthouse interiorsYahoo Homes | Photo by Benetti Yachts
Sat 15 Nov, 2014 2:30 AM IST

A dampener for telecom companies with 100% FDIA dampener for telecom companies with 100% FDI
Rajesh Kurup
Tweet
Mumbai, November 27:  
The final guidelines on payment banks could be a dampener for telecom companies such as Vodafone India and Uninor as they have 100 per cent foreign direct investments in their Indian operations. The Reserve Bank of India has allowed FDI up to 74 per cent for payment banks.
Players like Vodafone will have to dilute stake in the payment services venture to an Indian partner if it wants to start to payment services.
Capital clause
The telecom operators had also wanted RBI to drop the clause which states that at least 40 per cent of the paid-up capital should be held by the promoter which shall be locked in for five years from the date of commencement of business. Telecom operators said that such clauses are necessary only in entities which lend and since payment banks cannot lend there was no requirement.
“We wanted RBI to allow us to keep the existing telecom rules pertaining to FDI. Foreign owned companies will now find it tough,” said an industry representative.
To study details
However, telecom operators with less than 74 per cent FDI said they would look at taking a payment licence after they study the guidelines in detail. Operators such as Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular and Reliance Jio could be among those who apply.
Pramod Saxena, founder of mobile wallet service provider Oxigen Services India, said: “There are a lot of positives for the industry, and overall the final policy is in line with considering mobile wallet as serious businesses that are developed over a period of time.”
Concern
One of the biggest concerns of the industry is that cash out is permitted at the point-of-sale (POS) terminal. A positive step is international remittance is permitted.
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related

CA confirms Gabba Test delayBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:21 am
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes will be buried in his home town on Wednesday, Cricket Australia said on Saturday, forcing the indefinite postponement of the Test match against India which was scheduled to begin the following day.
Hughes, 25, died on Thursday as the result of a catastrophic injury he sustained when struck on the head by a ball during a domestic match, triggering a wave of mourning in Australia and around the world.
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said it would have been unreasonable to expect the players to get the four-Test series underway less than 24 hours after Hughes was laid to rest in Macksville, New South Wales.
“Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question,” he said in a statement.
“We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times.”
Ticket sales for the match at the Gabba in Brisbane had been suspended and a new date would be set after consultation with the BCCI, broadcasters and stadium officials, Sutherland added.
Australia captain Michael Clarke earlier gave a graphic illustration of the raw emotions of the players when he broke down repeatedly while paying tribute to his friend.
Battling to hold back tears, he read out a statement on behalf of the players at the Sydney Cricket Ground, where Hughes suffered his fatal injury on Tuesday.
“Words cannot express the loss we feel as a team right now,” Clarke said.
NUMBER RETIRED
“We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green was about and what it means to us all.
“The world lost one of its great blokes this week and we are all poorer for it.”
Clarke said the players had requested that Cricket Australia retire Hughes’s one-day international number, 64.
“They agreed. That means so much,” he added. “His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives.
“Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace bruzzy.”
Cricketers and fans around the world paid tribute to Phillip Hughes via a social media campaign by leaving their cricket bats out and sharing a picture with the message #putoutyourbats on Twitter
Tributes continued to flood in from around the world for Hughes and an indication of how deeply his death has affected his fellow professionals came in Sharjah, where Pakistan are hosting New Zealand in a Test.
The second Test had been postponed for a day after Hughes died and there was no celebration of wickets or centuries when it resumed on Friday.
“The game was irrelevant at that stage, that was just a natural reaction by a group of people whose mind was elsewhere,” New Zealand coach Mike Hesson told reporters in Sharjah.
“We didn’t bowl any bouncers and that was to show respect.”
Back in Australia, Hughes was not forgotten as Saturday morning cricket was played across the country in blazing sunshine, as it has been for more than a century.
ROW OF BATS
Cricket Australia has encouraged teams at all levels to remember Hughes and both the score he had accumulated when the fatal blow struck him, 63 not out, and his Test number, 408, were much in evidence on pitches around the country.
At a match between Sydney Boys and Shore schools in Centennial Park, just a stone’s throw from the SCG, a row of bats topped with cricket caps were lined up beside the pitch in tribute.
Cricket at the elite level has yet to resume with senior club matches cancelled in Sydney and Adelaide, where Hughes played his state cricket for South Australia for the last couple of years.
The fate of the first Test against India had been in the balance even before Hughes died of his horrific injury as many of the Australia team were among his closest friends.
TV rights make an incoming tour by the India Test team by far the most lucrative in the world game so cancellation of the Brisbane match is unlikely.
There is precious little room for manoeuvre, however, with the second Test scheduled to take place in Adelaide from Dec. 12-16 with the third starting on Boxing Day (Dec. 26) in Melbourne and the fourth in Sydney running from Jan. 3-7.

APTEL upholds users  interest in switching to Tata PowerNov 29, 2014, 02.08 PM IST  | Source: PTI
APTEL upholds users' interest in switching to Tata Power
The APTEL today observed that though it has not laid distribution network for supplying power to residential consumers of RInfra, Tata Power has not resorted to cherry picking, the Tata Group company said attributing the information to the order passed by the tribunal, which is yet to be uploaded on its website.

PM Narendra Modi promises to develop Jharkhand as number one stateTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Promising to make Jharkhand the number one state in the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the government would rein in all the looters of minerals and benefit the state to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore in the next few years.
He said the on-going Assembly election in Jharkhand will decide the future of the mineral-rich state and appealed to the people of Jharkhand not to treat it as an ordinary poll.
Likening the tribal state, formed in 2000, to children in the age group of 13-14 years who grow up slowly but mature fast between the ages of 13-18 yrs, he said Jharkhand too has entered the stage where it will take off fast and promised to help it grow and become the number one state of the country if bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was voted to power.
“This election will decide the fate of the state and help it move on the path of development, if you vote for a majority government.
“Jharkhand has enough power in terms of its mineral deposits and can lead the country but unfortunately, the state was looted since its creation 14 years ago,” he said.
Highlighting the coal policy framed by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government, the prime minister said it “would rein in all the looters of minerals and benefit Jharkhand to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore in the next few years”.
Accusing Congress of failing to mend its ways despite the debacle it suffered in the parliamentary poll, Modi said why should the people of the country vote for it when it was not ready to change.
He said India is being respected across the world because it now has a strong and stable government and asked the people to vote for a majority government headed by BJP in Jharkhand.
Addressing an election rally here, he said the country has rejected the dynastic rule and voted BJP to power with full majority.
TAGS: Jharkhand Narendra Modi
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Private investment essential for smart cities: top officialPrivate investment essential for smart cities: top official
BS Reporter | Kolkata Nov 29, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Private investment is welcome and essential for the development of smart cities in the country said a top official of the urban development ministry.
“A substantial amount of investment should come from the private sector. The ministry is in the process of finalising the guidelines for that, so that we can receive maximum investment,” said Shankar Aggarwal, secretary, Ministry of Urban Development on Saturday.
A hundred smart cities is one of the dream project of the Narendra Modi-led government.
Shankar said the private sector was "most willing" to participate in the smart city project but they need to be ensured that they will get returns for their investment. "Although the private investors were willing to take business risks, they would not be eager to bear political peril. Their investments should be safe and also fetch returns," he said. "We can involve the private players by the promise of equity share."
Shankar also said the final policy guidelines on establishing smart cities will be finalised within the next three months.
When asked why West Bengal does not feature in the smart city plan, he said: "The locations of the smart cities have been decided in proportion to the total population.”

Govt to set up toolrooms to boost innovations in MSMEGovt to set up toolrooms to boost innovations in MSME
Rutam Vora
Total 18 toolrooms across the country to be set up at the cost of Rs 150-200 crore each
Vadodara, Nov 29:  
In a bid to encourage entrepreneurs and bring innovation in product designing, the Union government is considering to set up 18 toolrooms across the country on Public Private Partnership (PPP) model.
The Union minister for micro small and medium enterprises (MSME), Kalraj Mishra informed that the government is considering to set up toolrooms at universities with partnership with private players.
"Each toolroom will cost around Rs 150-200 crore. We have laid foundation stones for a few and others will come up soon in partnership with private players," said Mishra in his address at the Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI)'s five-day industrial expo.
Mishra further mentioned that in order to encourage innovations, the government wll also encourage setting up of 500 incubation centers across the country.
Commenting on the Public Procurement Policy of mandatory 20 per cent procurement by PSUs from MSMEs, Mishra maintained that out of the 146 PSUs, only 37 complied to the norm so far.
"We have decided to make this mandatory for PSUs from APril 1, 2015. This will encourage MSMEs to meet the required qualty standards and take up innovations," said Mishra.
On the third day of the VCCI's expo, all industrial federations from Gujarat and several others from states including Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and representatives from Indian SME Forum raised the challenges faced by MSME.
Some key concerns raised by the industries included rollout of GST, rates of excise duty and service tax, labour issues and financing challenges.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Telangana increment for 57 000 RTC staffTelangana increment for 57,000 RTC staff
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Nov 29:  
About 57,000 employees of Road Transport Corporation (RTC) in Telangana will get the special 'increment'.
The increment, referred to as Telangana increment, was announced by the Telangana Rashtra Samithi Government for all the government employees after the formation of the State.
Addressing a gathering after flagging off 80 metro luxury buses here on Saturday, the Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao said there was no question of privatising the corporation.
The Telangana RTC has got a fleet of 10,230 buses, making it one of the top RTCs in the country. The undivided Andhra Pradesh had a fleet of about 22,000 buses and 1.24 lakh employees.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Sri Lanka make easy work of England  take 2-0 leadBy: Associated Press | Colombo |
Posted: November 29, 2014 6:11 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 7:12 pm
Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkara hit unbeaten half-centuries and shared an unbroken 149-run partnership to lead Sri Lanka to an eight-wicket win over England in the second one-day international on Saturday.
The victory at R. Premadasa Stadium gives the hosts a 2-0 lead in the seven-match series.
Players wore black armbands and observed a minute’s silence before the start of play to honor Australian batsman Phillip Hughes, who died in hospital Thursday after being hit in the neck by a ball during a domestic match in Australia. Sri Lankan and English flags flew half-staff on the scoreboard.
Chasing a modest 186 to win the match, which was shortened to 45 overs per side because of rain, Sri Lanka lost two wickets for 37 before Jayawardene and Sangakkara combined to take their team to victory in only 34.2 overs.
Jayawardene blasted an unbeaten 77 off 80 deliveries hitting a six and eight boundaries while Sangakkara was 67 not out in 93 balls including eight boundaries.
They added 149 for the third wicket in only 160 balls.
Sri Lanka had a brisk start to its chase but lost its first wicket in the fifth over with the total on 27. Kusal Perera (9) was caught by Ravi Bopara at square-leg off seamer Steven Finn.
Tillakaratne Dilshan scored 26 off 23 deliveries before a miscue off spin bowler Moeen Ali for a high catch to Chris Woakes.
Sri Lankan spin bowler Ajantha Mendis earlier took three wickets to dismiss England for an unimpressive 185 in 43 overs after choosing to bat first. Spinner Dilshan and seam bowler Dhammika Prasad also took two wickets.
“It has been a difficult day,” England captain Alastair Cook said after the match.
“On hindsight probably I would have changed my decision at the toss. As a batting unit we set our sights too high, playing in a similar wicket as you did two days ago we didn’t adjust enough to think that in a 45 over game with 250 you had a really good chance. But we probably thought again it’s a 300 wicket early and we paid the price.”
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews credited the bowlers’ good start for the win.
“Given the conditions, the wicket played a bit slow and it started spinning from ball one. Dilshan had a brilliant start and we kept taking wickets and we pushed them back. On that wicket 185 wasn’t enough in 45 overs.”
“They showed how to bat on those wickers,” Mathews said of Jayawardene and Sangakkara. “They are vastly experienced and they’ve been in those situations so many times and they know how to handle it. They’ve shown exactly that today.”
Bopara top scored for England with 51, his 14th one-day international half-century, and Joe Root made 42. Both men were continued…

Take your guess: Which car does Mukesh Ambani driveAccording to the Forbes Billionaires List, Mexican telecom giant Carlos Slim Helu is the world's richest man. He drives a Bentley Continental Flying Spur.
1 / 19

Dalal Street nervous on RBI policy reviewDalal Street hopes its RBI guess is right
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Dec 01, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Dalal Street is hoping the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy review meeting on Tuesday will uphold its stand on easing of interest rates.
The benchmark Sensex of the BSE and the banking sector index saw sharp gains last week. The anticipation is that India’s central bank will follow other countries in easing monetary policy, to give a boost to the economy. More so, with the fall in Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation and the slide in global crude oil prices and fall in consumer inflation back home.
“There is a belief in the market that RBI might be forced to consider a rate cut, based on the recent movement in crude oil prices and the improvement in GDP (gross domestic product) and inflation data. The markets have run up in anticipation and bank shares have been a big beneficiary of that,” said Gaurav Bhandari, senior vice-president, Centrum Capital.
Gaining for a third straight week, the Sensex added 1.7 per cent to end at a record 28,694. The National Stock Exchange’s Nifty ended at 8,588. The rate-sensitive BSE Bankex gained nearly three per cent.
However, though the market is pricing in a rate cut, very few economists believe it will happen.
“We believe the RBI is likely to keep policy rates on hold. We assign a very low probability to a rate cut in the meeting,” said Morgan Stanley Economist Chetan Ahya, in a note. “However, we believe the key to watch will be RBI’s language regarding its comfort about achieving its inflation target according to its pre-guided glide path — and, in turn, the implications for timing of the first rate cut.”
According to a Reuters poll, only four of 45 economists said RBI would cut rates on Tuesday. They feel inflation has to be stabilised at current levels before RBI can start bringing rates down.
Market experts say there could be a correction in share prices if there is little comfort from RBI. Traders are bracing for more volatility in the days ahead. “The momentum is positive but volatility would increase due to the events ahead. If there is no rate cut, the markets could react negatively and we could see a correction in the Nifty of about five per cent,” said Sahaj Agrawal, deputy vice-president, derivatives research, Kotak Securities.
Most vulnerable could be the banking stocks, most of which have posted double-digit growth in the past few weeks. Analysts believe companies benefiting from a drop in crude prices, such as in the oil marketing and aviation segments, will continue their positive run. Hindustan Petroleum, Bharat Petroelum, Jet Airways, Asian Paints and SpiceJet are stocks expected to be in the limelight. Also, automobile stocks will remain in focus as they release their monthly sales figures.

Citibank ATM looted of Rs 1.5 cr; guard killedAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
In a daring daylight heist, two unidentified armed assailants looted a cash van of around Rs 1.5 crore after killing a security guard at an ATM belonging to Citibank in Kamla Nagar area of North Delhi this morning.
According to the police, the incident took place near North Campus of Delhi University around 11 AM when custodians of the cash van, belonging to a private cash replenishment company, were in the process of refilling money into an ATM of a leading private bank at Bungalow Road.
“When the cash van reached near the ATM of Citibank, two unidentified bike-borne armed assailants arrived there and attacked its security guard. One of the accused shot at the guard for resisting their robbery attempt,” a senior police official said.
Police said the accused also threatened to kill custodians of the cash van and escaped with a bag containing Rs 1.5 crore kept in the vehicle.
The security guard was rushed to a nearby hosptial where he was declared dead.
“We are scanning the footage of CCTV installed at nearby areas to ascertain the sequence of event. We are yet to ascertain the looted amount and further probe is on,” he added.
TAGS: Citibank
More from miscellaneous

Pune City FC display spirit  hold Atletico de Kolkata to 1-1 drawBy: Press Trust of India | Pune |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:04 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:12 pm
Atletico de Kolkata’s erratic run in their away matches continued as a spirited Pune City FC held them to a 1-1 draw in an 11th round encounter of the Indian Super League, in Pune on Saturday.
Jakub Podany’s 11th strike for ATK was neutralised by Pune’s Greek World Cupper Kostas Katsouranis during the dying moments of the first half as the Kolkata outfit remained firmly in contention for a berth in the semi-finals.
ATK remain in second place in the eight-team table with 17 points from 11 games while Pune are seventh in the table
with 13 points despite being on even keel with Delhi Dynamos and NorthEast United. The reason being their inferior goal difference.
ATK, who were desperate for their fifth victory again fumbled in an away match. Their last victory in an away game
came more than a month ago in Goa.
The visitors got the lead against the run of play in the 11th minute when India U-23 defender Pritam Kotal misjudged a long ball and ATK skipper Luis Garcia sent a measured cross for Podany, who timed his jump to perfection nodding the ball home.
It was a match where ATK coach Antonio Habas made as many as five changes and one of them Podany — a former Sparta Prague left-winger vindicated his coach’s decision.
ATK’s giant custodian Edel Bete had a good match as he pulled off couple lovely saves on either side of the break to
avert danger.
Hungarian Krtian Vadocz took a crack at goal in the 30th minute but the 6feet 5 inches tall Bete was equal to the task.
Pune could have equalized in the 34th minute when Kostas failed to angle a low assist delivered by Jermaine Penant as it was foiled by Bete.
Pune finally got the equalizer in the first minute of stoppage time in the first half. It was corner which ATK defence couldn’t clear properly and Pune skipper Cirillo sent it back in the melee.
With Dudu Omagbemi pressing hard, Spanish defender Josemi’s head went as far as a lurking Kostas, whose powerful shot restored parity. This was Kostas’ fourth goal in the cash-rich league.
The Greek mideo could have added a fifth goal to his tally had Bete not dived full stretch to fist a powerful punch
which was directed towards the top corner of the net.

McCullum  Williamson put New Zealand in control of third TestBy: Reuters | Sharjah |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:26 pm
Captain Brendon McCullum’s blistering double hundred and a record 297-run stand with centurion Kane Williamson put New Zealand firmly in control of the third and final Test against Pakistan in Sharjah on Saturday.
McCullum (202) fell two balls after completing his fourth double hundred in Tests, the fourth fastest ever, but the visitors continued to pile on runs and reached 637 for eight at stumps on the third day, a first-innings lead of 286.
Williamson also reached his eighth hundred in the morning and was out for 192, his highest Test score, by the first ball after tea as New Zealand, trailing 1-0 in the series, continued to score runs at a fierce pace.
Resuming on 249-1, the aggressive duo of McCullum and Williamson hit boundaries off pacemen and spinners at will on their way to breaking New Zealand’s record for the highest second-wicket Test partnership.
The 33-year-old McCullum, who hit 21 fours in his 188-ball knock, got past his double-hundred against leg-spinner Yasir Shah with his 11th six but was bowled round his legs in the same over while attempting a sweep shot.
The celebration was again muted in memory of Australian Phillip Hughes, who died on Thursday after being hit on the neck by a bouncer two days earlier, with both sets of players continuing to wear black armbands.
There was also no jubilation from Williamson after he drove Mohammad Talha for a boundary to bring up his century.
While McCullum was brutal in his strokeplay, the 24-year-old Williamson manufactured his runs with grace and timing.
He continued to drive New Zealand on after his skipper’s departure and added 116 for the third with Ross Taylor (50), who became Yasir’s second victim.
Williamson edged paceman Rahat Ali straight to Younus Khan at the lone slip position after hitting 23 fours and a six during his 244-ball knock.
Rahat (4-89) also dismissed Corey Anderson after the left-hander had scored a quick-fire 50, studded with seven boundaries and two huge sixes.
Yasir picked up his third wicket in the form of Tim Southee but not before he had further dented the morale of Pakistan’s bowlers by hammering another quick-fire 50 for New Zealand, who have already posted their third-highest score in Tests.

For that steady dividend streamThis fund helps you edge past inflation without taking too much risk
November 29, 2014:  
Want a steady flow of income but can’t take high risks?
Reliance Monthly Income Plan (MIP) serves the cause well. It invests in debt to the tune of close to 80 per cent of its portfolio while parking the rest in equity.
The scheme has been extremely regular in paying out dividends in both its monthly as well as quarterly options. It has also been able to deliver 2-3 percentage points higher than its category over the long term.
With expectations of the RBI cutting interest rates, the 10-year G-Sec has already rallied substantially, with yields dropping from 8.8 per cent levels to around 8.15 per cent.
Reliance MIP has been able to ride the debt market well across interest rate cycles and benefit from bond price rallies.
The scheme has delivered 24.3 per cent returns over the last one year and a healthy 10 per cent annually over the past five years.
It has been able to do better than peers such as DSPBR MIP, Franklin MIP and Birla Sun Life MIP Plan II – Savings 5. Investors can buy the units of the fund and take the dividend option for regular payouts.
Higher taxes not a worry
Recent Budget announcements will keep investments in debt funds locked for three years to qualify for long-term capital gains. Also, the tax on dividend payouts is higher at around 28 per cent, up from 22-23 per cent earlier. This should not be a dampener as a longer lock-in would give time for the equity component to play out, besides giving indexation benefits.
Additional taxes notwithstanding, it would still be better to stick to a product that may help you edge past inflation without taking heavy risks.
Across rate cycles, whether in the turbulent times of 2008-09, 2011-12 or in the choppy bond markets of 2013, Reliance MIP has been a consistent performer.
It actively manages the duration of its portfolio so that it is able to take the right yield call.
The fund’s current yield-to-maturity (YTM) is at a healthy 9.25 per cent. It has increased the maturity profile from 6.8 years to 8.9 years over the past couple of years.
In its debt portfolio, sovereign bonds account for nearly 30 per cent of the portfolio.
Highly-rated corporate bonds of Reliance Jio Infocomm, Kotak Mahindra Prime, IDBI Bank, Tata Motors and Sesa Sterlite, among others, find place in the portfolio. Although equity exposure is taken to the tune of 20 per cent, it is fairly diffused and spread across 25 stocks. The portfolio does not carry heavy risks.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

I think News Corp was attracted to our management team: Dhruv AgarwalaI think News Corp was attracted to our management team: Dhruv Agarwala
Itika Sharma Punit & Anita Babu |  Nov 29, 2014 10:29 PM IST
While venture capital investments in Indian technology start-ups are now common, the system is increasingly attracting the attention of multinational companies. After acquisitions of Indian start-ups by some global majors like Facebook and Yahoo!, Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation announced an investment of $30 million in Noida-based real estate website PropTiger.com. It was founded by Dhruv Agarwala and Kartik Varma, classmates at Harvard Business School, along with Prashan Agarwal, an alumnus of Indian Institute of Technology,Kanpur. Dhruv Agarwala spoke to Itika Sharma Punit and Anita Babu about why his team chose the crowded real estate website space and News Corp over a regular VC as an investor. Edited excerpts:
How many institutional funding rounds did you get before the latest one?
We have, in total, raised $7 million so far. We do not segregate rounds or call these Series A, B, etc, as the numberings sometimes have different connotations. Basically, we raised some money initially from small angels (angel investors, meaning persons or entities providing financial backing for small start-ups). And, then, got institutional investors -- SAIF Partners, Accel Partners and Horizen Ventures.
The real estate website space is very crowded in India. Why did you venture into this?
When we started, companies such as 99acres, magicbricks, etc, were already operating. They were trying to solve the same problem, of improving the quality of real estate hunting. There was also Housing.com, which was adding a little more value for the customer. However, we realised that only identifying a property wasn't enough. The process of buying a property and closing a transaction is very cumbersome and required more transparency. We wanted customers to consummate a transaction where data is self-sourced.
How did the three co-founders come together?
Kartik and I went to Harvard Business School together in 2002. After returning, we started a business in 2006 called iTrust Financial Advisors. During that time, we realised real estate was a large part of the investment portfolio and a goal many aspired to have. After we sold iTrust to Karvy in 2011, we decided real estate was an area in which we could do as a standalone business. We started PropTiger.com. We knew Prashan (Agarwal) since 2009 when he was at Allcheckdeals and used to give us leads on home loans.
How do you plan to utilise the funds you have just raised?
We plan to invest these in enhancing our technology capabilities, to improve process gaps in the sales process. Also, we will invest in hiring quality talent to raise the bar of our teams. A part of the investment will also go towards increasing of brand awareness and footprint to other cities. We currently have about 500 people and offices in eight cities.
Why did you choose News Corp over a VC fund?
We have got some fantastic VCs in our company who have added a lot of value for us. But we were very attracted to News Corp's experience in the space. They invested in a real estate portal in Australia at a time when that company was around the same size as we are now and they have nurtured that into becoming a multi-billion dollar company. Also, News Corp now holds investment in Move in the US. I think there will be a lot of learning from these two companies and their experiences in their markets can be applied to India.
What do you think attracted News Corp towards you, when there are several options in the market?
I think it was the quality of our management team and how we have created a differentiated offering in a rather crowded space. I think our mission of making the real estate transaction hassle-free and transparent is also what attracted them.

G. Sathiyan  a force to reckon withUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:18 IST
Ready and Hot
G. Sathiyan — a force to reckon with
K. Keerthivasan
Sathiyan (right) owes his recent run of success to coach S. Raman. - PHOTO: V. GANESAN
TOPICS
table tennis
G. Sathiyan’s phenomenal success in a short period of four months has taken the table tennis fraternity by storm. After completing his engineering (IT) degree last April, Sathiyan decided to focus more on the sport and make up for lost time.
The results started to flow thereafter. In August this year, Sathiyan bagged his first National crown, trouncing his good friend and former National champion Soumyajit Ghosh 4-2 in the final to win the All-India inter-institutional tournament in New Delhi. 
Between October and November, Sathiyan clinched two more National-ranking titles — West Zone, Gandhidham and East Zone, Durgapur — and emerged runner-up in Central Zone (Indore). He soon became the country’s No. 1 men’s player for the first time in his career. 
Sathiyan proved he could well be a force to reckon with on the international circuit when he reached the under-21 final of the Russian Open (Pro-Tour), causing a flurry of upsets on the way. 
The success has been primarily due to the diligent training program devised by four-time National singles champion S. Raman, who is now Sathiyan’s personal coach. 
“There has been a complete transformation in my game after Raman took me under his wings in October 2012,” says Sathiyan. “Now, I am fitter and have a variety of attacking strokes, particularly on my backhand. The key difference is that I have more confidence in my skills.”
The effect of Sathiyan’s game has not gone unnoticed by those in the know. After watching Sathiyan train with Sharath Kamal during the Czech Open a few months ago, Sharath’s Swedish coach Linus Mernsten praised the Chennai youngster’s game, saying “it is consistent and stable now”. 
India’s foreign coach Peter Engel was surprised after Sathiyan trounced Soumyajit in the inter-institutional tournament — few have beaten the former National champion with such ease. 
Training regime
Sathiyan trains six days a week with 46-year-old Raman at the Nehru Stadium’s indoor athletic track, for around two-and-a-half hours. On some days, he practises with Raman; on other days, he trains with the ‘Robot’ or practises serves on his own. 
Raman says devoting quality time towards fitness, which he conceived in consultation with fitness trainer Ramji Srinivas (and mental conditioning coach Badri Narayan) of Quantum Leap Performance has made a whale of difference to Sathiyan’s game. 
“Definitely Ramji has added value,” emphasises Raman. 
Fitness wasn’t Sathiyan’s forte then and all he did was running and a few abdomen exercises. According to Raman, Sathiyan’s fitness was a major issue. “One and a half years ago, when we took his blood test, Sathiyan’s fat percentage was very high,” says Raman, explaining that when Sathiyan started, his heart beat was 120-130 per minute, now it’s risen to 190-200, which means he can push himself hard even after 45 minutes during a hard-fought match. 
With hardly six weeks remaining for the Senior National championship in Puducherry (Jan. 12 to 17 2015), Raman says a technically-sound Sathiyan is “ready and hot.”
(This is a fortnightly column on Chennai’s sporting scene).

Green law to subsume existing authorities mootedGreen law to subsume existing authorities mooted
Nitin Sethi & Somesh Jha | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 10:50 PM IST
A committee set up to review laws related to protection of environment and forests, headed by former Cabinet secretary T S R Subramanian, has recommended an omnibus green law that will not only subsume existing legislation, but also hold the potential to undo existing judicial pronouncements on environmental issues. The proposed law will also do away with all existing authorities created under the Environment Protection Act, 1986.
The panel's report, which hasn't been made public yet, was reviewed by Business Standard . If the proposal is accepted, the government could do away with the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) on forestry issues, as well as the Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA). The two bodies have driven the environmental agenda on urban pollution management and forestry for several years.
The Subramanian has recommended new national and state level authorities, the National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) and the State Environmental Authority (SEMA), be set up under the new law proposed by the committee, the Environmental Laws (Management) Act, 2014.
In its report, the panel also provided a draft of the law. "All (existing) appellate or revising authorities under the environmental laws shall, from the date of commencement of this Act, cease to have power or jurisdiction conferred on them under those laws in respect of matters covered under this Act," said the draft, reviewed by Business Standard .
The panel has also recommended once the new law is in place, suo moto and other powers of courts to intervene in environmental governance be severely curtailed. "Subject to the powers of the National Green Tribunal (constituted under Act 19 of 2010) reserved under the succeeding provision of the decisions of the government, NEMA or SEMA under this Act or matters related thereto shall not be questioned before, nor enquired into by any court or tribunal either suo moto or at anyone's behest on any grounds whatsoever to question the new authorities," the report said
"The provisions of this Act shall prevail over anything to the contrary contained in any judgment or order of any court or tribunal and other enactments, including the environmental laws dealt with under this Act," read the provision of the draft law.
In May 2002, the Supreme Court had formed a CEC, following several instances of environmental irregularities. Since then, the CEC has looked into various critical issues across the country, including widespread illegal mining in parts of Odisha, Goa, Karnataka and the Western Ghats. Based on the recommendations of the CEC, the SC has cancelled many mining leases.
The EPCA, formed in 1998, had, among other moves, recommended a ban on diesel vehicles in Delhi. It had also played an advisory role on issues such as fuel quality and vehicle emission.
Together, these two authorities have been involved with about 3,000 cases that have come up came before the Supreme Court so far.
Even before the formation of the high-level panel, the environment ministry had already discussed dilution of the powers of the National Green Tribunal. It had also held discussions on whether the setting up of a new regulator was a legitimate reason to ask for the Supreme Court to wind down the CEC. Previously, the Prime Minister's Office had also been concerned about litigation on environmental issues in the apex court and the green tribunal.
THE PROPOSED  ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS (MANAGEMENT) ACT 2014
The Act seeks to create an umbrella law to tackle the multiplicity of agencies processing environment and forest clearance and revamp the project clearance procedures
What will it create?
National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) – recommend environment clearance to projects with high potential environmental impacts, presently done at the Central level.
State Environmental Authority (SEMA) -- recommend environment clearance to projects with medium potential environmental impacts, presently done at the state level.
Appellate Authority – to look into appeals related to decision on environment clearance taken by the MoEF or SEMA
Special Environmental Courts in every district to try offences under this Act
What will it subsume?
Central Pollution Control Board
State Pollution Control Board
Existing Supreme Court committees on environment, including the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) and Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA)
Various provisions of the Water Act and the Air Act
Salient features
NEMA and SEMA will act as fulltime processing, clearance and monitoring agency thereby replacing the existing bodies such as Forest Advisory Committee and Expert Appraisal Committee
NEMA and SEMA will be given statutory status to deal with all various environmental Acts administered by the government
NEMA and state governments cannot give directions to the SEMA on project clearances accorded by the latter
The ELMA Act will work on the “utmost good faith” principle where the project developers would be obliged to disclose everything about the project and self-certify the facts; concealing facts will draw heavy punishment
An appeal can be filed with the new appellate authority within 30 days of the final decision taken by the union government on environment clearance
This new authority will lead to ceasing of powers and jurisdiction of existing appellate authorities
The Subramanian panel has also recommended the setting up of an appellate board, to be headed by a retired high court judge; two officers of the rank of secretary in the government, retired or serving, will be the first level of appeal against clearances. Appeals would have to be made within 30 days of a clearance order. As of now, such appeals lie before the National Green Tribunal and can be made within six months of a clearance. The decisions taken by this board will be judicially reviewed by the environmental court --- the National Green Tribunal. But the tribunal won't be able to carry out a technical review of the clearances, as it is empowered to do as of now. The panel has recommended the tribunal's reviews be conducted only "on grounds permissible and subject to limitations applicable to judicial review of administrative actions by high courts and the Supreme Court."
The panel has suggested special environmental courts be set up at the district level. These courts, headed by a judge of the rank of a sessions or additional sessions judge, will be solely empowered to deal with infringement of environmental laws.

Tips for that last-minute dashVisa on Arrival scheme to boost tourism in Goa
PLANNING TO travel over the holidays? Still haven’t made reservations? It’s not too late to find an affordable Thanksgiving or Christmas getaway. You might even end up saving more on a hotel than travellers who booked when it was still beach weather. And while airlines have a captive audience this time of year, there are ways to save. So here’s to the dawdlers and spur-of-the-moment decision makers. This procrastinator’s guide to holiday travel is for you.
Go where the deals are If you want to take a vacation during the holidays, head to Europe.
“Europeans tend to stay at home for the Christmas holiday,” says Gabe Saglie, a senior editor at Travelzoo. That means there are hotel deals to be had in popular destinations. For example, in Paris at Le Meridien Etoile near the Champs-Elysees, rooms at Christmas time are $149 a night on Travelzoo.com and include an upgrade and a 20% discount on food. In Rome, at the Berg Luxury Hotel, near the Via Veneto, you can book a room on Travelzoo through Christmas Day for $126 a night for two-night stays (or $113 a night for three nights or more). Rates include an upgrade, daily breakfast for two, a bottle of wine and discounts at the bar.
“The big secret for both Thanksgiving and Christmas is it is absolutely true that airfare is more expensive, but hotels are a lot cheaper,” says Sarah Gavin, a senior editor at Expedia.
Travellers who waited until December last year to book a hotel room saved about $60 a night compared with those who booked a room in August through October, as per research by Hipmunk.com.
Alas, flights to Europe from the United States are not as affordable. To compare fares, try Google Flight Search, which also tells you how much money you’ll save if, say, you depart a day earlier or fly into a different airport.
“The absolute best way to find a low airfare now is Google Flights,” says George Hobica, founder of Airfarewatchdog.com (one caveat: Google Flight Search does not include Southwest Airlines).
For international flights, Hobica recommends Momondo.com. “They’ll find combinations of flights that you won’t find anywhere else,” he says.
If you prefer to vacation in the US, visit a major business city like New York or Chicago. “Big urban destinations really rely on business travellers,” Gavin says. And during the holidays, leisure travellers can snap up great prices at high-end hotels that usually cater to executives.
“Thanksgiving to Christmas can be a bargain proposition because the business traveller is not booking those hotels,” Saglie says.
Travellers seeking warm weather may want to consider Las Vegas. New Year’s Eve will cost you, but there’s a sweet spot between Thanksgiving and Christmas when rates drop. If you stay over Thanksgiving weekend, the nightly rate will surely jump, but the low cost of the days surrounding that could average out to an affordable week. “Rates will drop in Vegas one day to the next 60-70%,” Saglie says.
To help you decide where and when to travel, use airline fare calendars. For instance, Southwest has a low-fare planning calendar at Southwest.com/flight/shortcut/low-fare-search.html. Yet don’t get swept away. “Just because it’s cheap airfare doesn’t mean it’s the most affordable flight,” says Saglie. You have to factor in incidentals like the cost of checking bags. And multiple stops, which can make flights cheaper, may also ruin a trip because you’re gambling with winter weather. Opt for southern connection points: Dallas, not Chicago. And be sure to leave plenty of time to make a connecting flight; at certain airports, you may have to go through security upon landing.
To see if the first leg of your flight is likely to arrive on time, check FlightAware, which lists performance history. “You can see flights on-time over a four-month period,” Hobica says.
Travel on ‘off’ days
Airfares and hotel room rates are typically lower during the week. And fly early when many families are home sleeping. “Take the 5.30 or 6 am flight,” Gavin says, “because so many people are travelling with kids. You can get much better deals on those flights than a 9 or 10 am departure.”
You can also get a deal by flying on a holiday. On Thanksgiving, fares can be 30% below average for domestic flights and 15% below average for international flights, as per research from Kayak.com. If you can’t do that, try travelling well in advance or after a holiday. “The Monday before Thanksgiving will be cheaper than the Tuesday,” Saglie says. Christmas is tricky. Instead of flying on December 21 (among the most expensive days), try December 23, 24 or 25.
Airlines often have sales on Tuesdays. And last-minute bargains are not out of the question. For hotel rooms, try a last-minute booking app like Hotel Tonight. Such apps can save you 15-40%, says Gavin. If flights are not full in the days before Christmas, you might nab a deal on airfare, but be prepared to have a middle seat, a flight at the crack of dawn, or multiple stops.
“It’s kind of like going to Marshalls at the end of the sale,” Hobica says. “You’ll end up with the orange sweater.”
Fly where there’s competition
Airline competition is great for your wallet. From New York, for example, you’ll find good fares to Nashville, Las Vegas, Chicago and Los Angeles, as per Airfarewatchdog. The site recently found a non-stop, round-trip flight from Kennedy International Airport to McCarran International in Las Vegas leaving on December 23 and returning on New Year’s Day for $344 on Delta.
“The regular, non-peak rates are so low that the peak fares are reasonable, even for holiday travels,” Hobica says.
And keep an eye on Frontier Airlines. “Wherever Frontier competes with other airlines you’ll see some amazing fares,” he says. He recently found a $284 fare on Frontier from Chicago to Washington departing November 26 and returning November 29. On Kayak, the cheapest fare he found was $712. In other words: don’t forget low-cost carriers.
At Christmas time last year, the average ticket from Los Angeles International Airport to Kennedy International Airport was $565, as per analysts at Expedia. Alternatively, if you fly from Los Angeles International Airport to La Guardia Airport, the route is $492. Instead of flying to Reagan National Airport from Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport, fly into Baltimore and you’ll save about $100, as per Expedia. Or fly into Washington Dulles International Airport and save around $80.
Gavin estimates that you generally save 10-20% on airfare when flying to and from big metro areas where you can choose between airports.
Bundle up
“Sometimes package deals are cheaper because they don’t have seven-day or 14-day advance purchase requirements on the airfare,” Hobica says. He recalled a JetBlue hotel and flight package that was so affordable, it paid to buy it even though the traveller who purchased it only used the flight portion.
Gavin says the average savings for travel bundles is $540. For bundles with resort stays in places including Mexico and Las Vegas it’s more like $800 to $1,200. One reason for the big discounts is that hotels can put their rooms on fire sale yet not reveal the nightly rate. “They can give a really good discount and still protect that public pricing,” Gavin says.
Saglie also likes bundling but advises travellers to research the hotel part.
“Just make sure that where the company is sending you,” he says, “is a place you would have picked anyway.”
More from lifestyle
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

The gun carriage: Range Rover Holland & HollandBMW, Mercedes shift gears
BESPOKE LUXURY can be a challenging thing. Expensive jewellery requires an equally expensive safe to store it in. Now, we have a luxury SUV built around a pair of handcrafted shotguns. The SUV is impressive enough, the Range Rover.
The guns are from an equally prestigious maker, Holland & Holland, the British gunsmith used by royalty and those who value brands and can afford them. The result is an ultra-luxury vehicle, a one-of-a-kind, called the Range Rover Holland & Holland. This is the most expensive SUV ever produced in Jaguar-Land Rover’s history.
This special edition—which costs $100,000 more than the top-of-the-line long-wheelbase Range Rover Autobiography Black on which it’s based—is a collaboration between the company’s Special Vehicle Operation (SVO) and Holland & Holland. The new 4×4 is a sign of Tata-owned Land Rover’s plans for extending its reach in the high-end luxury market and also reflects the style of Holland & Holland, a firm which dates back to 1835, holds a royal warrant and specialises in bespoke double-barrelled guns for people with lots of money and class. The average shotgun costs $45,000 and the top-of-the-line ‘Royal’ double barrel shotgun costs $277,000, almost as much as this special-edition vehicle. In this case, the twin shotguns and the SUV it is designed around for will come for $285,000.
What distinguishes the vehicle is the signature Holland & Holland Green livery, which extends to the grille, mirrors and bonnet vent. Even the door accents and the tailgate sport Holland & Holland badging. So what makes this Range Rover worth so much more than any other luxury SUV? The Holland & Holland edition comes with finest soft-touch leather and its interior woodwork is cut from a single piece of walnut. The walnut is also finished with oil to resemble the stocks of Holland & Holland’s classic guns. The inside of the Range also features embroidered Holland & Holland logos and engraved metallic accents.
This is a vehicle to be seen in, and not in the driver’s seat. The rear seats resemble executive jet-style reclining seats, retractable tray tables in matching walnut and two large-sized multimedia screens. It comes with a 500 horsepower supercharged V8 from Jaguar’s XJR supercar. Exclusivity is guaranteed even without the price tag. Only 40 Holland & Holland special-edition Land Rovers will be made initially.
Of course, anyone who buys this ultra-luxury vehicle will have to have access to official game hunting areas whether it is pheasants or partridges or something bigger. The real pleasure in owning this vehicle is going to the tailgate and removing the panel to reveal a carbon fibre and aluminum gun case that slides out. Like the rest of the car, it’s finished in utra-fine leather and polished walnut.
More from automobiles

Gold Council hails RBI move to scrap 80:20 ruleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FSLRC proposals to be enforced soon  says Arun JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Phillip Hughes: An unfinished lifeWill cheap gas last?
Phil Hughes was agricultural in his batting style. But he was humble and affable like a Macksville farm boy. He was a bright and jolly good fellow. He was only 25 years old. We thought he had time on his side… After the initial flurry, Hughes was relegated to a perennial reserve man in the Australian team. He accepted that with a smile, for he thought he had time on his side…
South Africa in 2009 was a magical beginning. A callow left-hander he was then, who upstaged Chris Rogers and Phil Jaques to get into the Test squad. A century in each innings (115 and 160) at Kingsmead, Durban proved to be instrumental in Australia’s series victory. It also vindicated Andrew Hilditch’s (then Australia chief selector) selection policy. But happiness was short-lived.
Hughes went to England and Andrew Flintoff and Co exposed the chinks in his technique against moving ball. He was dropped after scores of 36, 4 and 17 at Cardiff and Lord’s. The return Ashes Down Under in 2010 was even worse. He made 2, 12, 16, 23, 31 and 13 in the six innings he played. Another omission followed.
Hughes had shown signs of returning to form with a gritty 126 against Sri Lanka at Sinhalese Sports Club in September next year. But he failed to build on that, a couple of decent contributions down the line notwithstanding. The Indian summer in 2013 was the worst as Hughes could only manage 147 runs in eight innings against the spin bowling of Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja. Towards the end of that series, however, he had started to unlock the secret which allowed him one more chance at the top level.
Hughes went to England, made 81 not out in the first Test at Nottingham, but his form dipped again. He made 1 and 1 in the second Test at Lord’s, and it turned out to be his last.
A tally of 1,535 runs at 32.65 in 26 Tests and 826 runs at 35.91 in 25 ODIs was pretty average for a cricketer of Hughes’ talent. But we thought he was young enough to make up for lost time…
Hughes was on the verge of Test recall, in place of injured Michael Clarke, when he was taken down by a Sean Abbott—spare a thought for him—bouncer at the Sydney Cricket Ground. What an irony that the ball was, in fact, slow enough to cause the damage. Hughes had already completed his stroke when it arrived. He got his timing wrong.
Former England captain Michael Atherton has rightly reminded us about the brutal nature of the game even in these days of head-to-toe protection. “Even in this helmeted, padded age, cricket remains a brutal game and Hughes’s sickening injury Tuesday was a reminder of that,” he wrote in his The Times column.
Just think about the players then who had faced 90 mph deliveries with very little protective gears. Hughes reportedly was wearing an older, lighter version of his Masuri helmet, but he at least had some protection. Those who stood against Douglas Jardine’s insane Bodyline tactics had none.
Hughes’ injury was an accident and sadly he became a victim of misfortune. As per Tony Grabs, trauma director at St Vincent’s Hospital where Hughes was admitted for surgery, it was one of the rarest of rare cases.
“This was a freakish accident because it was an injury to the neck that caused haemorrhage in the brain. This condition is incredibly rare. It’s called vertebral artery dissection, leading to subarachnoid haemorrhage—that’s the medical term for it,” Grabs told Cricinfo. “If you look in literature, there’s only about 100 cases ever reported, so this is incredibly rare. Only one previous case has ever been reported as the result of a cricket ball,” he added.
Calls for restrictions on the number of bouncers are preposterous. “Without fast bowling, without the physical threat, cricket is a lesser game,” wrote Atherton. Without genuine fast bowling, cricket loses its charm.
In the 1970s, when West Indies fast bowlers were causing mayhem, the great Muhammad Ali was once ushered into the Caribbean dressing room. He picked up a cricket ball and said: “Do you mean to say you play with this stuff, this hard one? It can kill!”
Still, cricket remains a very safe sport. We have seen odd accidents—head injuries, concussions, broken jaws and cheekbones, broken noses and broken ribs. But thankfully, fatal or near-fatal injuries are few and far between. When a solid, hard object, weighing 5.5 ounces, is hurled at 90 mph and the batters have only half a second to adjust, then there will always be an inherent danger. Those who play the game are well aware of it. Hughes’ death is unlikely to change their approach. They won’t be going to the crease with the fear of getting hit.
Of course, Hughes’ death puts the safety issue in the spotlight. Hopefully, more time will be spent to further improve the quality of protective equipment. But nothing in life can be fool-proof. Accidents can happen anytime, even with the best protective gears in place. There’s always an element of luck attached to it.
Hughes was unlucky. His time was up.
TAGS: Phillip Hughes
More from fecolumnist
Monetary policy: How much can RBI ease? RBI may preserve headroom to close CPI-WPI divergence in moving towards medium-term, 4% inflation target

Ukraine authorities ban flights into rebel-h...Donetsk
(Armed Ukrainian forces…)
KIEV: Ukraine authorities on Saturday banned flights to the rebel-held east of the former Soviet republic, the head of Ukraine's aviation authority said.
"Flights are banned for Russian companies to Kharkiv and Dnipropetrovsk for safety reasons," Denis Antoniuk told AFP without elaborating.
The two cities serve the rebel strongholds of Donetsk and Lugansk in eastern Ukraine.
The open-ended ban also affects a Ukrainian airline, Dniproavia, Antoniuk said.
The Lugansk airport has been gutted by fighting between separatists and Kiev forces, while combat continues over the Donetsk facility.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Missouri governor seeks more money for Ferguson securityThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New FTP will focus on trade facilitation: DGFTThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Capitals at Maple Leafs: Game 23 discussion threadBy Alex Prewitt November 29 Follow @alex_prewitt
All pictures of Barry Trotz on the Capitals’ bench look pretty much the same. (AP)
TORONTO — Greetings from Air Canada Centre, down by the shores of Lake Ontario, where the Washington Capitals (10-8-4, 24 points) visit the well-rested Toronto Maple Leafs (11-8-3, 25 points), who haven’t played since Wednesday.
Washington, meanwhile, ended the New York Islanders’ five-game winning streak in authoritative style Friday night at Verizon Center , getting goals from five different skaters, including four at even strength, though the final came with an empty net. The 5-2 victory also helped the Capitals gain some Metropolitan Division ground; coupled with Wednesday’s overtime loss on Long Island, they got three of four possible standing points against the Islanders.
“A regulation win was good,” Coach Barry Trotz said Friday night. “You go into this looking for four points when you play someone. We got three, gained a little ground, but more importantly we didn’t lose any ground. That’s the way I look at it.”
The Maple Leafs, meanwhile, have gone 2-0-1 over their past three games since allowing 17 goals over a tumultuous three-game stretch. They are unbeaten in eight games when scoring first, one of two NHL teams perfect in such situations (Montreal), while Washington is 9-1-1 when lighting the lamp before its opponent.
Saturday afternoon, the Capitals called up defenseman Steve Oleksy from Hershey, a depth-fortifying move with Mike Green (upper body) headed to the disabled list. He is not expected to face the Maple Leafs, however, with six healthy defensemen still available.
The Capitals held an optional morning skate, so the lines below are from Friday’s win, along with your standard scratches, goaltending matchup and injuries. They will take Sunday off, practice Monday and host Vancouver on Tuesday, one of just four home games in December.
LINES
Alex Ovechkin–Nicklas Backstrom–Tom Wilson
Marcus Johansson–Evgeny Kuznetsov–Troy Brouwer
Jason Chimera–Eric Fehr–Joel Ward
Brooks Laich–Andre Burakovsky–Jay Beagle
Defensemen

Thousands protest Mubarak verdict in Egypt  1 killedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Carlo Ancelotti on a high after Real Madrid secure 16th consecutivewinBy: Reuters | Madrid |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:38 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:30 pm
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said he felt like he was dreaming after watching his team secure a club record 16th consecutive victory with Saturday’s 2-1 success at Malaga in La Liga.
Ancelotti’s side have won all their games across the Spanish top flight, the Champions League and the King’s Cup since falling 2-1 at home to Atletico Madrid in La Liga in September, beating the previous longest winning streak of 15 matches set in 1960-61 and 2011-12.
“This seems like a dream,” Ancelotti told a news conference at Malaga’s Rosaleda stadium after strikes from Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale earned three more points for the La Liga leaders.
“We are very happy with the run and hopefully it will continue,” added the Italian, who led Real to a record-extending 10th European title last season in his first term in charge.
“They will give me the credit for this but I have the good fortune to coach a fantastic team, with fantastic players at a fantastic club.
“I have only admiration for the players but of course this is only one part of a long season.”
Perhaps the biggest surprise of the night was that La Liga top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo did not add to his haul of 20 goals in 11 appearances before Saturday, although the Portugal captain did provide two assists.
“He did fantastic work and he was the key to the match,” Ancelotti said. “It’s unusual for him not to score but he did create two goals.
Real’s next outing is a King’s Cup last 32, second leg at home to third-tier Cornella on Tuesday.
Real have a 4-1 lead from last month’s first leg against the Barcelona-based minnows and Ancelotti is likely to rest several regulars for the game at the Bernabeu.

The Last Days of a BeautifulGameWritten by Sandeep Dwivedi | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:20 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 4:02 pm
Like the flame burning bright before its end, this was the year of Roger Federer and the single-handed backhand. As athletes and bodybuilders conquer tennis, Sandeep Dwivedi bids adieu to an age of elegance.
Back in the day, the mid-1980s to early 1990s to be specific, being a Stefan Edberg fan was exhausting and expensive. You were mostly in a minority, fighting long, lonely battles trying to explain the pristine “Edberg grace” to the loudmouths who supported John McEnroe and Boris Becker — they were also hard of hearing. You knew it was futile but you still tried, like you did when you wanted to be “Edberg” on a tennis court. As teenagers, you are entitled to unrealistic dreams.
Trying to pull off the Swede’s heavy top-spin serve, that too with an inwardly locked wrist, would result in the ball hitting the racket frame and the mis-hit leaping over the tall wall beyond baseline. You helplessly watched money being blown away. The precious wooden racket would crack while you foolishly rushed to the net like the fleet-footed champion to counter a speeding, dipping return with a valiant volley. Fresh tight strings would snap after a sloppy attempt to hit that one shot which defined Edberg — the single-handed backhand. Being Edberg really hurt your pocket; make that your father’s pocket.
For us amateurs, those volleys and the backhand, so easy on the eyes when the master played it, were ridiculously difficult to pull off. Settling for an easier alternative was not an option. No first-round exit at a club tournament or any other humiliation on court would lead to thoughts of giving up. You either played like him or you didn’t. With time, the obsession turned into a habit. For years now, I regularly YouTube the Edberg backhand. Back then it was to learn, these days to merely savour.
Then, at the start of this year, out of the blue, Edberg returned to the sports pages and the Grand Slams. His latest assignment was to resurrect the career of his one-time fan and now the most successful tennis player of all times, Roger Federer. They were two of a kind, very similar in temperament, and they both had virtually the same backhand. With the best-ever volleyer as his coach, Federer started approaching the net more often and thus shortening the rallies. He looked charmingly vintage and his ageing limbs less tired.
As the tennis season ended last week, the Swiss with the Swede by his side would be a step away from the No.1 ranking. By finishing the year strongly, the 33-year-old, written off last year, has stayed relevant, and so has his brand of tennis. The delightfully elegant one-handed backhand might be on the verge of extinction, but two of its best exponents has extended its lifespan.
For the uninitiated, or the less-obsessed, here’s a short foreword about the much-hyped Edberg backhand. It starts with a big back swing that peaks well above the head. For a brief moment, just as the racket moves down, the non-playing hand lovingly feels the racket’s neck. It’s nothing more than a quick, limp handshake, a gentle reminder to start the lazy sweep. By then the ball is within striking distance. The knees bend and the racket, held by one hand now, first flows down with the smoothness and energy of a waterfall, and after hitting the ball, climbs up in the follow-through like a rising wave. The racket swoosh can be easily imitated but not that final flick of the wrist that decides the direction and trajectory of the ball. That subtle change of position of fingers and palm can’t be captured on cameras, or seen by fans and is thus immunised to any imitation. You need to be on court to understand it, and spend years to master it. It’s something Edberg and a few of his successors, and my other favourites, seemed to be born with.
Ironically, those “other favourites” and I didn’t really hit it off instantly. I hated Pete Sampras for beating Edberg so consistently in 1993 and 1994. Strangely, within months of the likeable Swedish star’s heart-breaking retirement at Malmo — failing to complete a Davis Cup final match because of injury — there I was cheering for Sampras. His tennis had Edbergian elegance and the same pure backhand; he was also more successful. That helped since you were no longer in a minority in the fan zone. You had for company the fair-weather supporters, who unfailingly root for the No.1. Sampras was an unquestionable all-time great, he was also a nice guy who mostly won.
Then one day, a 19-year-old from Switzerland, wearing a thick, schoolgirl headband and coloured beads around his neck, sprouted on the Wimbledon grass. Shockingly, he ended Sampras’s long streak on that hallowed turf. That was 2001. You hated Federer, called him an upstart and even wished he was another Peter Doohan, the Aussie who upset Becker in 1987 and disappeared after that. Federer didn’t fade away. Thank god, he didn’t and still hasn’t. He ensured Sampras wasn’t missed, he was the reason you watched Grand Slams, he was the only connect you had with the style of tennis you loved. (Disclaimer: the hyper-sensitive among the Rafael Nadal fans should stop reading and move to the next page.
Post-Sampras, in the crowd of men with rippling muscles, towering frames and ultra-flexible limbs, the frail Federer, with his measured footwork, continued to retain the original look of a tennis player and that old-school court demeanour. He was lean, not muscular; agile, not a super-athlete; he floated around the court but didn’t scamper about as if being chased by muggers in a dark alley. That’s because the single-handed backhand was gorgeous, effortless, almost VVS Laxman. Double-handed was laboured, manufactured, and Matthew Hayden.
That poetry in motion was fine, but Federer no longer alluded to as the best. Athletes, bodybuilders and gymnasts conquered the court and won Grand Slams. Tennis had fewer men who could hit those aesthetically enriched strokes which stayed in the mind for years, and far more robots who shuttled on the baseline getting their racket under impossible balls before they bounced the second time.
With time, these tastes have also changed. The standing ovations these days are mostly in appreciation of the tireless “right-left, left-right” regimented backcourt sprints or a gymnast-like split by the ultimate retriever on the baseline. The majority of points end when a tired slugger nets the ball or hits it long. The threading-the-needle impossible pass (Sampras), a stinging cross (Edberg) or a diving volley (Becker) of past that would spark awe in the stands and signal the end of a short, crisp rally are far too few now.
Thrilling contests do take place but monotony has affected the modern game. There are a number of factors responsible for reducing most contests to a baseline slugfest: the courts slowing down, the balls not flying like they used to on Wimbledon grass. But the game-changer has been the “top spin”. New-age rackets, slim polyester strings that guarantee more spin plus better control, semi-Western grips and gym-manufactured arms, all combine forces to make the ball travel in parabola and stand up after bouncing. The top-spin happens to be a far more consistent stroke than the flashier flat slap, the bread-and-butter shot of players till very recently. This highly deceptive shot has a big role to play in making the one-handed backhand an endangered panda on the tennis ecosystem.
Had Nadal been playing in the 1980s, he would have exploited Edberg’s backhand with his top-spin forehand, like he does so often against Federer. When Nadal’s kicking, screaming top-spin forehand that climbs to the opponent’s head is unleashed, it is tough to bring it down and push it deep across the net with just one hand on the grip. As any Indian cricketer abroad, especially the wristy ones, will tell you, it is always difficult to dominate a ball that takes off after pitching. Likewise, the single-handed backhand, with the accompanying exaggerated swing, is tough to pull off against the high ball. Double is better.
On a circuit crowded with top-spinners, Federer has remained competitive and also in the top 3, despite his old ways. But lesser mortals can’t. Go to any local tennis court near your home and you will see coaches teaching children the art of brushing the ball to impart it spin with the forehand and asking them to play the double-handed backhand. A recent survey showed that there are 76 players in the men’s top-100 who used both hands to play the backhand. The corresponding number in the boys’ section rises to 95 and in the girls’ category it’s 99. Contrastingly, till the late 1960s, not really ancient history, tennis was universally played with one hand.
Despite that, 2014, almost magically, proved to be the Year of the Dinosaur, of the single-handed backhand kind. It started with Stanislas Wawrinka, Federer’s country-mate and a single-hander, winning the Australian Open defeating the top biggest top-spinner the game has ever seen, Nadal. Federer, after running Novak Djokovic close, joined forces with Wawrinka to help Switzerland win the Davis Cup final against France.
To see this as a second wind for the single-handed backhand is to again be a teenager with unrealistic dreams. This is just the flame burning brightest before it extinguishes. For years, there hasn’t been an upstart you once hated the way you did Sampras for beating Edberg and Federer for beating Sampras. This long-running show is unlikely to last longer. The day is not far when many a romantic will gather to condone the demise of that delightfully elegant shot. The mourners will have a racket in one hand and the other will be free to raise a toast and, later, wave a heartfelt goodbye.

English Premier League: Chelsea drop points at Sunderland; Manchester United register clinicalwinThe goalless draw at the Stadium of Lights was the only instance where the London-based club has failed to score. (Source: AP)
London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:57 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:00 pm
Chelsea’s seemingly irresistible march towards the title hit an unlikely roadblock at Sunderland on Saturday as they were held to a 0-0 draw having failed to score for the first time in their unbeaten Premier League season.
Jose Mourinho’s side stretched their lead at the top to seven points but Sunderland’s splendid resistance at the Stadium of Light at least scattered a few crumbs of hope for nearest pursuers Southampton and Manchester City, who meet on Sunday.
Chelsea’s other floundering heavyweight rivals — Manchester United, who beat Hull City 3-0, Arsenal, who won at West Bromwich Albion with a Danny Welbeck goal , and Liverpool, who beat Stoke City 1-0 despite dropping captain Steven Gerrard — were also grateful for Sunderland’s dogged effort.
Gus Poyet’s Sunderland team, who have become rare pests for Mourinho as Chelsea’s conquerors in last season’s League Cup and the side which ended his 78-match unbeaten league record at Stamford Bridge, could even have pinched another win if Adam Johnson had not spurned two late chances.
Chelsea, nowhere near as sharp as in their midweek Champions League dismantling of Schalke 04, dominated proceedings but were held for the third time this term as they moved clear of second-placed Southampton and nine points ahead of champions City.
Mourinho, far from disappointed, felt it was a “a good point” against a Sunderland side which Poyet, a former Stamford Bridge favourite, reckoned had “defended for their lives”.
“Only one team tried to win from the beginning, the other team didn’t. They defended a lot and they defended well,” said Mourinho. “Defending a lot and well is not a crime. They were successful in their approach.”
GERRARD AXED
At Anfield, the inspirational Gerrard was axed on the 16th anniversary of his Liverpool debut but Brendan Rodgers’ surprise decision was vindicated as they arrested their slump.
There have been plenty of questions over the form and effectiveness of Gerrard, 34, during 11th-placed Liverpool’s recent travails but even dropping him to the bench did not seem to alter their sluggish form as they laboured for 75 minutes.
The captain came on with a quarter of an hour left, amid deafening cheers, and Liverpool finally broke through with Glen Johnson’s 85th-minute header.
Arsenal also gained welcome relief amid their worst start to a season for 32 years thanks to Welbeck’s header.
The victory, reflecting Arsenal’s domination, did not stop manager Arsene Wenger having to field questions about a fan banner which said, “Thanks for the memories but it’s time to say goodbye”.
“I don’t want to comment on that. I try to do my best for this club that I love,” responded Wenger.
The win moved Arsenal up to sixth on 20 points as Manchester United consolidated fourth with 22 after first-half goals by Chris Smalling and Wayne Rooney and a brilliant strike from continued…

Bengal ahead of nation s growth rate: MitraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Birthday bash: Mulayam Singh Yadav hails Azam Khan for doing  great jobAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav today heaped praise on senior Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan for doing a “great job” in arranging his birthday bash even as he ruled out any action against him over his comment on the source of funding for the event.
The birthday celebrations had drawn a flak from various quarters for the extravaganza associated with it and the controversial comment made by Khan.
“Why should people ask him (Azam Khan) from where money has came (for birthday celebrations)? He has done a great job in arranging celebrations for my birthday. You must have seen how people from different walks of life formed a 16-km-long human chain to greet me that day.
They are not given any money to do so. They came as per their wish,” said Yadav.
Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav were in the city today to attend a function in the family of former Medical Council of India president Ketan Desai. They were accompanied by SP MP Naresh Agrawal and Congress leader Rajiv Shukla.
Yadav celebrated his 75th birthday last week at a grand event in Rampur.
Replying to a query by reporters on the source of money for the flamboyant event, Khan had said, “the event was funded by Taliban and Dawood Ibrahim.”
Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik had suggested that SP president and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav should think over Khan’s statement.
When asked if he intends to initiate any action against Khan following Governor’s statement that there is a feeling among people that so much expenditure should not be done, Mulayam parried the question saying, “You (media) tell me what action should be taken against Azam Khan.”
After landing here at the airport, Akhilesh went to Gandhinagar and held a brief meeting with his Gujarat counterpart Anandi Patel.
TAGS: Azam Khan Mulayam Singh Yadav
More from miscellaneous

Priyanka Chopra  Freida Pinto launch global campaign for girlseducationBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 9:51 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:30 pm
Hail the women power! Priyanka Chopra and Freida Pinto launched a multi-level global campaign, ‘Girl Rising’, on November 29 in New Delhi, which includes a documentary film featuring the two stars and seven other Bollywood actresses, to spread awareness about importance of girls’ education.
The top Bollywood actresses feature in the Indian version of the film, which tells stories of nine unforgettable girls around the world striving against difficult circumstances to achieve their dreams of an education.
Priyanka and Freida are also part of the global feature, which co-stars Oscar-winners Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
“I’ve been a part of the ‘Girl Rising’ campaign since its inception and am honoured to be able to bring this powerful idea to India. I am also extremely humbled by and grateful for the support from my colleagues in the industry.
All it took was one phone call for me to have these amazing seven ladies to graciously agree to join us on this journey. If more girls are educated, all of India stands to gain. The girl rising campaign aims to address that through an innovative initiative that will not only help create awareness but also create a tangible platform to affect change,” Priyanka was quoted saying.
Freida, who made her film debut with Oscar-winning film ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ and is a popular name in Hollywood now, said girls’ education is one of the most important causes for her.
“Too often it is social and traditional ideas that holdgirls back. People just can’t imagine a different future for girls. The time has come where instead of questioning why we should educate girls, we should be asking why not? when we know that educating girl can change the world, why wait? With Girl Rising we will change that,” Freida said.
“Right now it is estimated that there are 270 million women and girls under age 25 in India. Furthermore, by not educating girls equally, it is estimated that India misses out on potential economic growth of about USD 33 billion per year,” Holly Gordon, the co-founder of the campaign, echoed his thoughts.
(With PTI Inputs)

Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson who killed unarmed black teenagerresignsBy: Reuters | Ferguson |
Posted: November 30, 2014 9:32 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 9:48 am
The white police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black teenager in St. Louis suburb has resigned, his lawyer said on Saturday, as activists set out on a 120-mile march to protest the killing and a grand jury’s decision not to indict him.
The resignation of Darren Wilson from the Ferguson, Missouri, police force comes nearly four months after he killed 18-year-old Michael Brown and days after the announcement that he would not face criminal charges.
The incident, which has led to months of sometimes violent protests in Ferguson, has reignited a debate over race relations and the use of police force in the United States.
A demonstrator sits in front of a street fire during a demonstration following the grand jury decision in the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown, in Oakland, California November 25, 2014. The grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager. (Source: Reuters)
Neil Bruntrager, an attorney for Wilson, confirmed that the officer had submitted his resignation, a move that was long anticipated, no matter the outcome of the grand jury’s deliberations. The news was earlier reported by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and the Associated Press.
“In terms of his safety, it is probably the best thing for him,” said Cynthia Burnes, 26, a nurse’s assistant from St. Louis who was among a dozen people gathered in front of the Ferguson police headquarters on Saturday evening. “He is black-listed from this moment on.”
In a letter published by the Post-Dispatch, Wilson said he had been told that “my continued employment may put the residents and police officers of the City of Ferguson at risk, which is a circumstance that I cannot allow.”
A man raises his arms in front of a burning police vehicle after continued…

Never mind Gortat  Walls hat was all thatBy Des Bieler November 29 Follow @DesBieler
The Wizards looked good again Saturday night, snapping a two-game losing streak by defeating the Pelicans , 83-80, at home. Marcin Gortat led the effort with 24 points and 13 rebounds, helping overcome a 30-13 night by the league’s best young player, Anthony Davis.
But nobody looked as good Saturday as John Wall. Not necessarily on the court, mind you, where he scored 11 points on 5-of-14 shooting and added three turnovers to seven assists and three steals. No, it was in the post-game phase that Wall’s effort could not be topped.
— John Wall (@JohnWall) November 30, 2014
Nice outfit! The shoes, the jacket, it’s all very sharp. Also, the sun must have really been beating down in that garage at night, because … you know, that thing on his head? Here’s another look.
John Wall’s hat game. Wow pic.twitter.com/OY9TKA0aA8 — Ben Standig (@BenStandig) November 30, 2014
Take it away, Twitter-verse.

The battle between Netflix and HBO is just beginning. And...The battle between Netflix and HBO is just beginning
Ted Sarandos
Patrick T. Fallon / WP-Bloomberg
Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer of Netflix, says Netflix must produce more original content before more of their competition start following the Netflix way.
Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer of Netflix, says Netflix must produce more original content before more of their competition start following the Netflix way. (Patrick T. Fallon / WP-Bloomberg)
By Cecilia Kang, Washington Post
Baseball
The battle between Netflix and HBO is just beginning, and this man holds the key
Ted Sarandos, the man who decides what shows and movies run on Netflix, was on a stage recently interviewing Norman Lear, the creator of some of television's most controversial and groundbreaking shows, like "All in the Family" and "Good Times."
Sarandos asked Lear if he considers himself a "provocateur" in the world of television.
Lear demurred. Then he turned to the audience and pointed to Sarandos.
"Does everyone in the audience know what this guy is up to?" Lear asked. "At one time it was Milton Berle," he said, referring to the legendary comedian and actor who became known as "Mr. Television." "Today it could be Ted Sarandos."
Remember that "Seinfeld" in which Elaine tries to drive one boutique out of business by spending tons of money at a similar shop nearby, only to discover they're both owned by the same person who irked her to begin with? ( Phil Rosenthal )
Sarandos is the Internet's Mr. Television, the man who has quietly amassed power in the deeply entrenched television industry and reshaped how consumers view television and movies online from his perch at Netflix, launching hits like "House of Cards" and "Orange is the New Black."
But after a decade as pretty much the biggest player in the world of Internet-streamed television, Netflix is getting some new competition, and from some of the country's most powerful companies. Time Warner's HBO, CBS, Sony, Showtime and Amazon are all aping the Netflix model: Let people skip cable and give them their favorite shows over the Internet.
With so many alternatives coming online, the question is whether Netflix will continue to be as important for its 36.2 million U.S. customers, many of whom have relied on Netflix as an alternative to cable. Netflix says its recommendation technology, which helps guide viewers to what else they might want to watch on the service, will give it an edge. But for the Silicon Valley company, its future will largely lie in the hands of its Hollywood guy.
8
Sarandos's rise symbolizes a new reality in the entertainment world. With the waning influence of cable bundles, and viewers picking and choosing what they want to watch from all over the Internet, the future of television has become a cutthroat race for whoever can produce the best shows. Netflix has spent $3 billion on acquiring content alone in 2014, even as subscriber growth in the United States is slowing.
Now with HBO and others treading onto Netflix's turf, the 50-year-old Sarandos, an affable, TV-obsessed college dropout turned Hollywood dealmaker, has a target on his back.
"When his first original, 'House of Cards,' came out, I joked with Ted, 'You're going to think this is easier than it really is by hitting a grand slam home run right away,' " said Leslie Moonves, chief executive of CBS, whom Sarandos considers a friend, mentor and sometimes a business rival. "But it's hard. It's about the negotiating process, how people view the content and many other things."
A TV-obsessed dealmaker
You're going to think this is easier than it really is by hitting a grand slam home run right away. - Leslie Moonves, chief executive of CBS
Sarandos could be cast in someone's show as the slacker hero. He was the fourth of five children of working-class parents. Their Phoenix home had the television running at all hours, "to deal with the chaos," he said.
His life revolved around TV. He rushed home from school on Tuesdays to see early afternoon episodes of "Happy Days." He kept track of time — when to study, when to eat — by the television schedule. He slept just three to four hours to watch Jack Benny and Dick Van Dyke shows slotted for overnight hours.
When Sarandos's sister and brother-in-law moved to Houston, he processed his grief through "All In the Family." He wept along with the television patriarch Archie Bunker as Gloria and Meathead left Archie and Edith's home.
0
He once watched five back-to-back episodes of "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman" with his family on a local Sunday broadcast, what he calls his first exposure to binge watching shows the way fans of "House of Cards" do now.
He enrolled in the local community college and worked on the school newspaper. But he spent more of his time writing about movies and TV than studying and eventually dropped out because of poor grades.
Sarandos was also having more fun at his job working at a local video store, bantering with customers about films and offering recommendations. Soon he took over management of the store and eventually ran the company's chain of eight locations. He learned about contract negotiations with Hollywood distributors. He widened his network. He drew closer to the orbit of television and film.
"I didn't realize then that I wanted to get into the business, but I knew I wanted to meet those people, those people in that little box," Sarandos said.
In 2000, he joined Netflix, which was then reinventing how people rented movies and taking on Blockbuster. From his spot as the chief content officer — the same job title he holds today — Sarandos began building his reputation as a behind-the-scenes operator in Hollywood, cutting deals for what shows and movies would be distributed through Netflix.
With rosy cheeks and a Sunday service haircut, Sarandos has a chipper demeanor that has helped him cultivate powerful and older allies.
He has powerful ties — his wife of three years Nicole Avant was a bundler for the Obama campaign and served as ambassador to the Bahamas. Sarandos and his wife are friends with other power couples in Hollywood, including Moonves and his wife, Julie Chen. He became friends with studio head Harvey Weinstein of the Weinstein Company and says he tries to model himself after friend Ron Meyer of Universal Pictures, who he says "never loses his temper or raises his voice."
"I've discussed the most obscure movies and documentaries with him that when you talk to somebody in our industry or even some the other heads of a studios, they have no idea what I'm talking about, but Ted knows everything from the film's plot to behind-the-scene production facts," said Weinstein in an email. "He's a true cinephile."
It was remarkable for any outsider — particularly from an unusual company like Netflix — to break into the upper ranks of Hollywood. It also helped that he had a blank checkbook from Netflix's chief executive, Reed Hastings, to license programs from companies like CBS and then create shows.
Now, Sarandos can't go to a lunch or cocktail party without getting pitched to pick up a film or television idea. His team in Beverly Hills weeds through dozens of email, phone and mail pitches each day. They bring about three or four ideas to Sarandos each day.
"Was there suspicion at first?" said Moonves, of the possibility that Netflix would somehow threaten CBS's business. "Sure. But here was a company willing to pay a fair price for our content. And that's really what CBS is all about, making sure our content is distributed on as many platforms as possible for a fair price."
The HBO threat
Netflix may have created a new mold for how people watch TV, but plenty of other companies are now imitating it.
Sarandos has long considered HBO to be Netflix's biggest competitor. He has said the company needs to become more like HBO, with its premier content, before HBO becomes like Netflix with compelling online technology.
And now, with HBO unveiling a new Internet-only service next year, that moment is arriving.
Netflix says it's ready for the threat of HBO, which will roll out its stand-alone Internet service next year. Netflix has more U.S. subscribers than HBO but lags in overall global users with 50 million subscribers compared to HBO's 130 million.
HBO, for its part, rejects the idea that it will compete directly with Netflix for online customers. Most consumers, HBO believes, will see the online services as complementary.
"Obviously we are a premium offering," said HBO chief executive Richard Plepler at a recent event in New York. "I think everybody understands while Netflix is a wonderful . . . option to catch up on shows . . . HBO is a very, very unique premium service and I don't think there is any confusion about that."
To stay ahead of the pack, Sarandos has his eye on upending the movie business.
He has argued to studios that the strategy of delaying the television and online releases of films many months after they show in theaters hurts creators. Why not bring the biggest audiences possible to movies, he has argued to studio heads, with simultaneous releases on Netflix?

Another interesting point is biocon has clearence of glargine in 10 em...Gold Member
114 Followers
How can Malaysia cater to EM for glargine when the approval was sought from Bangalore !!!! This approval process must be initiated from the sourcing site - all over again...bridge process is faster so Beazil may approve in 6 months...
In reply to : akrmr message
2.56 PM Nov 30th

Hi kenchi welcome to jindal poly board.how r you after many month we a...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sirji  i am always here....i really don`t left anyother choice for my ...Platinum Member
18 Followers
Sirji, I am always here....I really don`t left anyother choice for my self in market...I have sold so many bluechip companies shares and invest in Binani since last 2 / 3 years....I really believed and till date believe that It can cross 400 to 500 marks for sure...But right now its looks much more time consuming....Which stocks i sold are double right now...and thats the reason if binani cross 300 marks it will makes me happy....
10.27 AM Nov 30th  | Track

Moderator pls note this chap kavi53 is posting personal attacks n also...Platinum Member
684 Followers
GM Friends ..some one here is working very hard !...hope some here benefit ..Now the commentary : Smartest of the  money thinks moving out their billions  once the indices hit the top , specially those who do not expect Modi to walk the talk fully, the indicators say this  , China another big market is up 40% from the bottom .
If you are a money manager today with a few billions in India profits to protect ...and looking at a Modi budget 3 months away ..you have two simple  choices 1. stay put 2. sell and wait for the budget . I would logically  prefer option 2 as even if the budget delivers as expected , can enter at a far  lower point than today while the FM speech is on and TV experts are driving up the indices ...rgds

Omar Abdullah accuses Sajad Gani Lone of ganging up with BJPAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today accused Sajjad Gani Lone of ganging up with the BJP, which he alleged wants to end the special status of the state, a charge which the separatist-turned-politician said was “shameless”.
“Today, suddenly one of the leaders (Sajad Lone) sees a brother in (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi. The brother who wants to remove Article 370, the flag and the constitution of this state.
“The brother who wants to bring down our mosque and construct a temple there, a brother who wants to remove the Shariah law (Muslim Personal Law) and replace it with uniform civil code,” Omar said addressing an election rally in Handwara area of Kupwara district.
Lone, who joined mainstream politics by contesting 2009 Lok Sabha polls, is making his debut in Assembly elections by contesting from Handwara segment which goes to polls on December 2. BJP has not fielded its candidate from Handwara segment.
Omar said people of Kashmir do not need such “brothers” and wished Lone “all the best”.
“If I had been Bilal Lone (Sajad’s elder brother), I would have been scared today,” said Omar.
Lone also hit out at Omar saying his allegations against him were “shameless”.
“I do not want to get personal against Omar but his remarks against me on Article 370 and other issues are just shameless. I do not need tutoring from Omar on Article 370. He is talking about preserving the cultural identity when he cannot even speak Kashmiri. He has lived all his life outside the state and got power on a platter,” Lone said.
The separatist-turned-politician said Omar should ask his father how he and his grandfather sold the soul of Article 370.
Lone had met Modi on November 10 and after the meeting described the Prime Minister as “elder brother”.
Lone, who joined mainstream politics by contesting 2009 Lok Sabha polls, is making his debut in Assembly elections by contesting from Handwara segment which goes to polls on December 2. BJP has not fielded a candidate from Handwara segment.
“What have I done? I have never entered the Assembly. Article 370 has been eroded by National Conference and Congress,” Lone alleged.
He said Omar has made a public speech but it was the people who would decide on December 2, when polls would be held.
Omar had asked the people to give a verdict for their honour by voting for National Conference and voting against those who used the separatist platform to exploit thousands of young boys right to their youthful graves to reach a stage where they could impetuously jump in to the lap of RSS.
The JK Chief Minister said National Conference would not allow any political force to toy around with the political sentiments, aspirations and rights of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
Meanwhile, BJP spokesman for Kashmir, Khalid Jehangir said Omar was frustrated at the prospects of losing in the Assembly elections.
“He has lost relevance in Kashmir politics. With nothing to show for in his six year rule, he was making such statements,” Jehangir said.
TAGS: Omar Abdullah Sajjad Lone
More from miscellaneous

Happy Birthday Fawad Khan: The  Khoobsurat  prince turns 33Written by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 2:34 pm
He’s yet to make it big; but has already made it large, for his demeanour, his baritone just wins you over.
Of all the ways Fawad Afzal Khan impresses you with, the one that really stikes a chord and leaves you mighty ‘bowled out’ is the way he smiles. And if you question him anything, as far as I have observed in his interviews, he smiles less (Thank Goodness for this… Smiles can kill!) and speakes even lesser.
A self confessed shy guy and a die hard romantic at heart, this Pakistani actor celebrates his 33rd birthday today and we can’t help but gap in awe of this. He doesn’t look like 33, does he?
Born into a Punjabi family in Karachi, Pakistan, Fawad’s childhood was way more interesting that anybody else’s. He lived in Athens, Dubai, Riyadh and Manchester till the age of 13. A good student, Fawad was studying Computer Sciences when he decided to take up modelling and acting. He went to act in stage plays. His first tele series ‘Satrangi’ and ‘Dil Deke Jayenge’ didn’t do much for him.
The first breakthrough in his career came with the tele drama ‘Humsafar’ in which he co-starred with actress Mahira Khan. The show, the actors and the chemistry of the lead pair – everything about the show was appreciated by one and all. Since then, there has been no looking back for this talented actor as he went on to amass critical acclaim as well as the love of the audiences for his portrayal of Ashar in the series.
Next came ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ with Sanam Saeed which kind of cemented his place in the Pakistan industry.
We, the people of India, got the privilege to have a dekko of his acting demeanour when Zee Network launched its special channel to showcase tele series from that part of the border – Zindagi.
And Fawad dawned like a shimmering light.
With every emotion he portrayed in ‘Zindagi Gulzar Hai’ and ‘Humsafar’, be it of the romantic husband, the possessive lover or the obedient son, girls swooned over him and he apparently, as the reports say, earned Sanam and Mahira a herd of many an envious girls. And with the repertoire of being the eye witness to many such incidents, I totally vouch for this – “Oh I wish I were in her place!”
And when the whole world was going gaga over Fawad, how could the BTowners survive the Fawad wave?! Shashanka Ghosh decided to cast him for her debut directorial venture ‘Khoobsurat’ opposite Sonam Kapoor. The movie did quite well at the Box Office and better for Fawad as he was noticed for his portrayal of the Regal Prince – Vikram Singh Rathore – in the movie. Even during the promotional duties of the movie, Fawad was seen garnering more attention than Sonam and for the first time, we could see somebody, and that too a male co star, shouldering the responsibility of dressing up well for the events.
Fawad, as he puts it, is living a dream and has indeed become a dream guy for many women in the country. But hold your horses! Fawad Afzal Khan is already taken!
Fawad married his wife Sadaf in November 2005, even before entering the industry. He had met her when he was 17 and decided to spend the rest of life with her. Too SRKish, right? Well, maybe that’s why they say, Fawad is Pakistan’s answer to Shah Rukh Khan!
But if you thought this was IT to this upcoming superstar, you just might be wrong. Wait till you here his deep baritone for he can actually sing! He began his music career with Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm as the lead vocalist. His first album ‘Irtiqa’ received wide critical appreciation, especially the popular romantic track ‘Rahguzar’. He is also the owner of one of Pakistan’s most popular fashion labels – Silk by Fawad Khan, looked after by his wife.
And there’s a very sad fact about this actor too. The actor whose sweetness drips and trips over many a girl is a diabetes patient. In an interview, Fawad said that diabetes is the reason why he could not concentrate both on singing and acting simultaneously.
The actor-singer, who has taken the Indian Film Industry and the women folk by storm, in equal measures, is as expected climbing up the stairs of success. It’s reported that his next venture will be Amrita Pritam’s biopic. Sonakshi Sinha will be seen reprising the poetess in the movie, while Fawad will play her husband Imroze.
The more said, the lesser it is for this shining star. So until the time he gives us another reason to write about him and another tune to hum and sing, I play ‘Woh Humsafar Thha’ on loop again and wish the hailed ‘connecting bridge between India and Pakistan’ a very happy birthday!

Manoj Bajpayee in  Jazbaa  alongside Aishwarya Rai BachchanBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:52 pm
Though doing off beat films are his forte, Manoj Bajpayee is equally active when it comes to commercial cinema and he will be soon seen in the masala entertainer ‘Tevar’. But what comes as a surprise is that this actor now will be sharing screen space with none other than the former beauty queen and now yummy mummy Aishwarya Rai Bachchan in Sanjay Gupta’s ‘Jazbaa’.
However, just like his other films with Sanjay Gupta including the recent ‘Shootout At Wadala’, Manoj will reprise the role of a gangster. However, from what we hear, though he will not be playing the lead, he will be playing an important part in the film. The character that the actor is playing will also have many scenes with other members of the cast and is crucial to the story. Though Sanjay Gupta stated that Manoj is a part of the film, he mentioned that the actor is yet to put his confirmation on paper.
‘Jazbaa’ has an ensemble cast with Aishwarya playing the role of a lawyer, Irrfan playing the role of a suspended cop and Shabana Azmi as his mother and a renowned professor. On the other hand, the film will also see John Abraham in a special appearance. The film is expected to go on floor in January 2015 and it seems that Gupta is aiming at Cannes to premiere the film.

Mulayam Singh attacks Modi  Akhilesh pays Anandiben courtesy visitBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: November 29, 2014 8:32 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:05 pm
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday tried hard to be diplomatic about their political and social moves in Gujarat, as the father took a critical note of the Narendra Modi government and son paid a courtesy visit to chief minister Anandiben Patel the same day.
The Yadav clan, which also includes Mulayam Singh’s younger brother Shivpal who is the SP general secretary, were in Ahmedabad to attend the pre-wedding event of former chairman of Medical Council of India (MCI) chief Dr Ketan Desai, daughter Erika, in Ahmedabad Saturday.
Soon after landing at Ahmedabad airport, Mulayam Singh Yadav told journalists, “He (Modi) had said that he will fulfill promises in six months. We remained quiet for six months. But now we will speak”.
He further said, “The biggest of all promises was of giving employment to youths. But he has so far failed to do so”. In the same breath he said,  “He (Modi) does hard work and remains among the people. But he has failed to fulfill his promises”.
Over the issue of the forging family ties with Lalu Prasad Yadav, former UP Chief Minister said, “It is personal matter. Cannot be related to politics. And, earlier also we have for years worked for the same party. I used to visit as colleague to Bihar when he was CM”.
Replying to questions of plans of third front, Mulayam Singh said, “The BJP has come to power because of someone’s weakness. But SP has not gone weak. Seats may have reduced, our voting percentage has not gone down. We have maintained our strong position”.
Yadav had reportedly batted for the former MCI chairman who had been arrested and was investigated by the CBI in an alleged corruption case in 2010. In December 2013, Yadav is learnt to have written to the then union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, to reinstate him in the MCI .
The senior Yadav also took note of the issue of the Vadodara based Gujarati actor Chandani Rajgaur, who had put herself up for sale on facebook to earn money to medically treat her parents. Yadav said, that that government should come forward to help the woman from Vadodara .
Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav met Patel at her office in Gandhinagar Saturday afternoon for over an hour.  The Gujarat Information Department sent out pictures of the two chief ministers calling it a “courtesy visit”. However Akhilesh refused to say anything about the meeting, saying he was in Ahmedabad “for a wedding” and would not take any questions.

Govt plans N-revival  looks for answers to investor concernsComments
The Narendra Modi government is working on plans to unshackle the country’s nuclear energy programme by resolving an issue that has frightened away foreign and domestic equipment suppliers alike: The prospect of potentially ruinous payouts in the event of an accident.
Government sources said Prime Minister Modi is understood to have asked his officials for an urgent solution to the problem which has all but neutered the landmark Indo-US nuclear deal of 2008 because equipment suppliers aren’t willing to risk liabilities  that could bankrupt them. The law is unusual in that it holds suppliers, and not just the operator, liable if an accident occurs.
Options the government is considering include: Setting up an insurance pool, fixing a limit on reactor components for the purpose of determining liability, and the PM providing a personal assurance that vendors won’t be harassed unnecessarily in the event of an accident.
 
Ironically, the BJP, which is now in power, found common cause with the Left in rooting for the stringent supplier liability clauses in the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act, 2010. The law was passed before US companies, which were eyeing a big chunk of the Indian market after the N-deal, could make any investments.
Now, the $85 billion civil nuclear programme to increase N-capacity to 63,000 MW from 4,780 MW currently through 30 nuclear reactors is being linked to Modi’s flagship Make in India initiative. US President Barack Obama, due in India in January as chief guest for the Republic Day festivities, would dearly love to see his country investing in the sector.
The insurance pool is proposed to have all stakeholders, both operator and suppliers, contributing to the fund to cover high insurance costs. And size of the fund will depend again on the government’s own contribution, as state-owned Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) is the sole operator of nuclear power plants in the country.
The ministry of finance and the Department of Atomic Energy are working together to give final shape to this proposal. Foreign suppliers, including the American ones, wanted the liability attached to particular components to be fixed so as to ensure that their creditworthiness was not damaged because of the fact that they were operating in India.  That is being addressed as well, sources said.
Former chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, Anil Kakodkar, told HT:  “Both domestic vendors as well as international suppliers have been raising concerns about the liability law. Though many proposals are being discussed by NPCIL and the Department of Atomic Energy to address these concerns, I doubt the language in the law would ever make them happy. But all will have to respect the law of the land.”
The latest trigger for the government’s rethink is the unwillingness of even domestic firms to participate in the 2800 MW, Rs. 23,000-crore Gorakhpur nuclear power project in Haryana.  Private players like Larsen & Toubro (L&T) and Walchandnagar Industries Limited (WIL) have made no secret of their opposition to the liability law.
“As per international practice entire liability is channelised to operator on no fault basis and suppliers are not held liable beyond a specified limit and value,” said MV Kotwal, wholetime director and president (heavy engineering) at L&T.
“WIL has been a long standing nuclear equipment supplier, helping to build the domestic nuclear power capacity. The equipment are manufactured as per the design of NPCIL and it is inspected & cleared by NPCIL engineers at each stage. In which case, the manufacturer should not even qualify for the liability clause,” said GK Pillai, managing director & CEO of WIL.
 
NPCIL CMD, executive director in-charge of the media, and TR Arora , project director Gorakhpur project, didn’t respond to email queries from HT and repeated calls to their offices.

MH17 victims mother takes Ukraine to human rightscourtBy: Agence-France Presse | Berlin |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:12 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 1:46 pm
The mother of a victim of downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 has begun legal proceedings against Ukraine at the European Court of Human Rights, accusing Kiev of failing to close the country’s airspace, a German daily reported on Sunday. The woman, who lodged her complaint at the Strasbourg-based court “last week”, is suing Ukraine for USD 1 million in damages for negligent homicide, the Bild newspaper said.
The Boeing 777 exploded over insurgent-held east Ukraine on July 17, killing all 298 on board, 193 of them Dutch. Four were German, according to the airline. Kiev and the West have accused separatists of shooting it down with a surface-to-air missile supplied by Russia – a charge Moscow denies.
The plaintiff in the case claims that Ukraine should have closed its airspace to civilian flights when fighting raged in the east of the country, Bild reported. The woman argues that Ukraine chose not to close its airspace because it did not want to lose out on overflight fees.
At the time, some 700 flights were thought to be crossing Ukrainian territory per day, bringing in several millions of dollars a month in revenue, Bild added. The woman is being defended by German lawyer Elmar Giemulla, a professor of aviation law. Giemulla announced in September he would represent three families of German victims of MH17.
“By keeping its airspace open for transit by aircraft from other countries, the state must ensure the safety of the flights. If this is temporarily impossible, it means that it should close its airspace,” he told AFP at the time.

Phillip Hughes never dropped his head  never once complained in his bad times: MichaelClarkeBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:31 pm
Devastated by his tragic death, Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke on Sunday penned a poignant birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes, saying that the late batsman was like a little brother who helped him become a better man.
Clarke, who broke down while reading out the team’s tribute to Hughes on Saturday in a press conference, poured his heart out in a tribute to his close friend, who would have turned 26 on Sunday had he survived after being hit on the head by a bouncer during a domestic game earlier this week.
“I don’t have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him,” Clarke wrote in ‘The Daily Telegraph’.
Clarke said he was struggling “to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life’s true characters and gentlemen”.
“His cricketing achievements — of which there were many — really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited. Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child like verve for life… I really could go on and on,” wrote the batsman.
The tragedy has led to the postponement of Australia’s first Test against India. The match was scheduled to start on December 4 but has been put off for the time being to allow the players to mourn Hughes’ loss and attend his funeral on December 3.
Recalling Hughes’ amiable personality , Clarke said the youngster was easy to get along and went on become the brother he never had.
“He was a country boy at heart, with honest values and a work ethic second to none. And it is easy to tell where those qualities come from. His parents are salt of the earth Aussies, who have handled the past several days with a dignity and grace I could only admire. They will have my support, and the support of the entire Australian cricketing family, whenever and wherever they need it,” he said.
“I was drawn to him instantly, falling for his cheeky grin and love of life. Phillip truly was uncomplicated — what you saw was what you got. I don’t think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate,”
“Whenever Hughesy suffered adversity — if he was replaced in the team or if he wasn’t scoring as many runs as he wanted — he never dropped his head, never once complained,” Clarke said.
Clarke described Hughes as a tough continued…

Egypt: Thousands protest against the verdict of Mubarak  onekilledBy: Press Trust of India | Cairo |
Posted: November 30, 2014 9:54 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 1:04 pm
At least one person was killed and nine others injured when police clashed with demonstrators who were protesting in Cairo to denounce an Egyptian court’s verdict to drop a murder charge against ousted president Hosni Mubarak .
Over 3,000 protesters took to the streets and gathered near Tahrir Square on Saturday evening, after Mubarak was acquitted of a murder charge by a court which found him not guilty in the killing of hundreds of unarmed protesters during the 2011 revolution that toppled the former strongman’s nearly three decades-long regime.
Health Ministry spokesperson Hossam Abdel-Ghaffar confirmed that one protester died while nine others sustained injuries. The protesters held country’s flag and chanted slogans against the verdict. Police closed Tahrir square to prevent protesters from entering and fired water cannons, teargas and birdshot to disperse the crowd, media outlets reported.
In a dramatic reversal of fortune, Judge Mahmud Kamel al-Rashidi on Saturday overturned the life sentence Mubarak received in June 2012, which means he will face no punishment for allegedly sanctioning the murder of 846 protesters during Egypt’s 2011 uprising or for allegedly profiting from the export of gas at below-market rates.

Cos strip India of vital drugs despite monop...MNCs deprive India of vital drugs despite getting monopoly rights
By Rupali Mukherjee, TNN | 30 Nov, 2014, 10.07AM IST
Japanese firm Otsuka Pharmaceuticals, Myers-Squibb, Novartis are deferring launch of medicines critical for treatment of serious non-communicable diseases. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Some multinational companies (MNCs) have been delaying the launch of life-saving drugs in India years after getting monopoly rights, while cheaper generic versions of exorbitantly-priced medicines are going off the shelves under the product patenting law.
Corporates such as Japanese firm Otsuka Pharmaceuticals, US-based Bristol Myers-Squibb (BMS) and Swiss firm Novartis are deferring the launch of medicines critical for treatment of serious non-communicable diseases like cancer, HIV, hepatitis C and TB.
"MNCs keep prices of their breakthrough treatments unaffordable for many in India, and in certain cases delay the launch here, worried that the country may become a good example of reference pricing for others to follow," a public health activist said. These MNCs target the more lucrative mature markets as against treating those in the developing world.
For instance, a scrutiny of regulatory documents made available to TOI by legal experts reveal how Otsuka, which has a patent for delamanid since December 2011, has not imported even a single pack into India yet. The drug, used to treat multi-drug-resistant (MDR) TB, has not been imported in enough quantities even for the mandated local trials. This, even as WHO estimates that India is home to the most number of MDR-TB patients in the world.
Novartis's respiratory medicine Onbrez is another example. Similarly, affordable versions of anti-cancer drugs such as sunitinib and dasatinib have been taken off the retail shelves in accordance with the patent law . Those made by MNCs — GlaxoSmithKline's lapatinib and Novartis's nilotinib — are exorbitantly priced.
BMS, for example, got a patent for dasatinib in November 2006 and has effectively blocked generic competition, filing infringement suits in the Delhi HC against Hyderabad-based Natco Pharma. Natco's Dasanat, priced at Rs 9,000 for a month's treatment as against BMS's Rs 1.66 lakh, has been withdrawn from the market.
Significantly, data submitted by BMS to the government for its dasatinib version, Sprycel, shows that the maximum number of patients that could have been provided a single year's treatment for CML in 2011-12 and 2012-13 was 300 and 508, respectively.
"Nearly 10 years have passed since India introduced product patenting and slowly (the number of) medicines that are patented are growing. It is critical that provisions in the Patent Act are fully and properly implemented," Leena Menghaney, South Asia manager for global humanitarian organization Medecins Sans Frontieres said.
Under the law, if a firm gets a drug patent, it is obligated to locally "work the patent", that is, make the drug accessible at a reasonable price.
Recently, generic drugmaker Cipla asked the government to revoke five patents held by Novartis on Onbrez (indacaterol) and launched a cheaper version. It alleged that Novartis had patents on the medicine since 2008 but has not produced it in the country. Instead, Cipla alleged, Novartis had imported negligible quantities of the drug, leading to a shortage in the market.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

IS paid Kalyan youth $2 000  let him leave; NIA smells ploySleuths doubt motive of Kalyan youth recruited by IS
Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 30, 2014
First Published: 01:23 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:18 IST(30/11/2014)
Areeb Majeed, the arrested Mumbai student-turned-Islamic State (IS) fighter, was given $2,000 by the terrorist group to get himself treated after being injured in combat, counter-terror sources involved in his interrogation told HT.
 
“We have reason to suspect what Majeed has told us so far. Not only was he given money by IS fighters, he was allowed to leave territory controlled by them. It is quite possible he may have contacted his father on their instructions. We need to verify and re-verify all his claims. That’s why the NIA was allowed to register a case against him,” said a central counter-terror officer requesting anonymity.
 
The officer added that it was also possible that he may have been given a task in India by IS.
Facebook page that appears to have been set up by Areeb Majeed.
A day after he was flown home from Turkey by NIA and intelligence officials, Majeed, 22, was produced in a Mumbai court on Saturday and remanded in the National Investigation Agency’s custody till December 8. He has been booked under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (conspiring and preparing for terror activities) and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (waging war against an Asiatic power that is in alliance with the Indian government).
“Majeed has told his interrogators the IS does all its recruitment online. Its spotters visit jihadi websites and contact possible candidates through social media. That was how he was spotted,” said another officer.
Majeed travelled with three friends — Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, all from Maharashtra’s Kalyan town — to Iraq in May on the pretext of a pilgrimage and was taken to the IS stronghold of al-Raqqa, the officer said. All four were trained in handling weapons like AK-47 and explosives.
 
“During combat, he was shot in the chest while a second bullet grazed him. When a medical facility where he was being treated was destroyed in an air raid, he crossed over to Turkey with other IS cadre,” the official said.
Majeed then got in touch with his father, saying he wanted to come back. He landed in Mumbai on Friday under NIA escort. Maharashtra Police sources said he was still highly indoctrinated and had told his interrogators that he believed the IS’ actions were justified.
 
Based on his interrogation, the NIA is also looking into a travel firm that facilitated the four men’s trip, agency sources said, adding that the firm — with a presence in many Indian cities — helped with visa arrangements. NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to unearth the entire conspiracy.
 
In court, Majeed, dressed in a dark brown Pathan suit, was asked by the judge why he had not hired a lawyer. “I was in NIA custody and didn’t get the time to hire a lawyer,” he answered.
 
Addressing a conference of police chiefs from across the country in the Assamese capital, Union home minister Rajnath Singh touched on the threat from IS, saying, “Some Indian youths have been attracted to IS. We cannot take it lightly.”
(Inputs from HTC Mumbai)

Sonakshi Sinha lost oodles of weight specially for the Radha song  says BoneyKapoorBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:46 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:37 pm
Boney Kapoor is a very proud producer. For his latest production ‘Tevar’ where he has cast his son Arjun Kapoor for the first time, it’s the film’s leading lady Sonakshi Sinha, whom a section of the media has linked with Arjun, that Boney is raving about.
“Look at her in ‘Tevar’. Sonakshi has never looked more stunning. She lost oodles of weight especially to shoot the song ‘Radha Nachegi’. Look at how gracefully she has performed the song. Very few contemporary leading ladies can carry off a semi-classical number so fluently,” raves Boney, and adds that he will work with her again “very shortly.”
The ‘Radha Nachegi’ song is one of the most expensive song-and-dance sequences to have ever been shot.
Says Boney, “We had to recreate the banks of the river Yamuna on a studio floor. It wasn’t easy…or cheap.”
Boney will be casting Sonakshi in the Hindi remake of yet another South Indian hit again directed by a fresh director.
Boney who has in the past burnt his fingers with Hindi remakes directed by the original South Indian directors sees more sense in signing a fresh director for the remake. “For Tevar we chose Amit Sharma to do the Hindi version of the Telugu hit ‘Okkadi’ because we wanted to change the flavour and mood of the original.”

PCI appoints panel to investigate assault of media persons outside godman RampalsashramBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:45 am
A PCI-appointed panel looking into the journalists assault issue outside ‘godman’ Rampal’s ashram has observed that Haryana Police employed “unconstitutional” tactics to prevent media from doing its duty and recommended investigation by administrative officers into the episode.
In its report submitted to PCI, the four-member committee is learnt to have said that police and local administration failed to rise to the situation and resorted to “brute force” against media persons doing their duty.
“This showed lack of training and discipline, and a complete disregard to human rights,” the committee said.
Clashes between police and Sant Rampal supporters in Bharwala in Hisar. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Several media personnel were among those injured on November 18 as clashes erupted at Rampal’s ashram in Barwala in Hisar district with police lobbing teargas shells and using batons to disperse his supporters.
The PCI had set up the committee comprising Sondeep Shankar (Convenor) and Kosuri Amarnath, Rajeev Ranjan Nag and Krishna Prasad (all members) to probe the incident.
In its recommendations, the committee has sought investigation by administrative officers in to the incident and compensation for injured media persons as well as for those whose equipment was damaged during the incident.
The Police has to resort to lathicharge to disperse Rampal’s supporters who allegedly fired back. (Source: IE photo by Praveen Khanna)
It also sought identification and suspension of the policemen responsible for the attack on media persons and fast tracking their cases. The panel also said that false cases foisted on media persons should be withdrawn immediately.
The panel observed that TV channels were airing disturbing visuals of people injured in the police action being dragged out of the operational area by policemen in a most inhuman manner.
“Haryana Police employed unconstitutional and inhuman tactics to prevent the media from discharging its duties,” the panel added.
The committee said the assault on media personnel and equipment amounts to a “prima facie violation of fundamental freedom guaranteed to the media under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution”.
Rampal being taken into police custody.
After speaking to media persons who were on the spot in Hisar, the panel noted that it appeared that it was a very well coordinated and well-timed attack on media persons.
The report said that it took just 30 minutes for police to clear the operational area of media persons continued…

CAG raps Railways for loss of Rs 314 cr on p...CAG raps Railways for loss of Rs 314 crore on parcel cargo
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
CAG
(CAG has found that railways…)
NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has found that railways suffered loss to the tune of over Rs 314 crore due to under-utilisation of parcel cargo express trains (PCET) and blamed the Railway Board for the lack of coordination and non-enforcement of the scheme.
The railways authorities had in February 2007 decided to attract piecemeal parcel traffic by providing value-added door-to-door services through private operators and evolved a policy for leasing out of parcel cargo express trains.
The CAG, in its latest report, observed that Southern Railway failed to ensure the availability of satisfactory operational arrangements for running of parcel cargo express trains with fixed path and time schedules.
This adversely impacted the revenue earnings to the tune of Rs 314.64 crore on four routes due to non-commencement of PCET , it noted.
Review of records at Railway Board by the CAG revealed that operational constraints encountered by Southern Railway were also not communicated to the Board for their solution. "This resulted in failure of the scheme in Southern Railway," the national auditor noted.
"It is evident that the Southern Railway administration could not coordinate with other zonal railways for removal of operational constraints encountered in running of PCETs and thus failed to solve the issues either through coordination with zonal railways or through intervention of higher authorities," the CAG observed.
The Comptroller and Auditor General has also rapped railways for not having its own weighbridges at more than 700 loading centres which lead to the risk of revenue loss in carrying freight.
Bulk commodities such as coal, iron ore are transported loose and are required to be weighed at the originating station by weighbridges, enroute or at the destination points to plug the leakage of revenue and also to discourage overloading of wagons. This also avoids damage to rolling stock and track.
Though the national transporter has emphasised that all loading points should be covered by weighbridges for weighing of all rakes, the CAG observed that out of the total 1,176 loading points, 759 did not have weighbridges.
"Such loading points were largely dependent on privately owned weighbridges for weighing especially for bulk consignments like coal, iron ore," CAG noted in the report submitted in Parliament.
The federal auditor also observed that there were deficiencies in the proper upkeep and maintenance of weighbridges and performance of these weighbridges was not being regularly monitored.
Railways to a large extent neglected the testing of weighbridges. This increased the risk of under assessment of weight and likely loss of revenue.
There was also no system or procedure put in place for monitoring of bi-monthly joint inspection by Railway Board. "This led to risk of revenue loss in carrying freight," the CAG said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now get Aadhaar number through EPFONew Delhi, November 30, 2014
Updated: November 30, 2014 10:52 IST
Now get Aadhaar number through EPFO
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) wants to seed over 4.2 crore portable Universal PF Account Numbers issued by it, with the Aadhaar number of subscribers.
TOPICS
personal data collection
Retirement fund body EPFO has decided to become a registrar of the Unique Identification Authority of India to facilitate enrolment of its subscribers who don’t have Aadhaar numbers.
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) wants to seed over 4.2 crore portable Universal PF Account Numbers issued by it, with the Aadhaar number of subscribers.
EPFO wants of leverage its over 120 field offices for the seeding of Aadhaar numbers with UAN to facilitate the body in improving delivery of services to subscribers on real time basis which includes online settlement of PF claims.
In order to deliberate upon the strategy to seed more Aadhaar numbers in UAN database, a meeting was held between EPFO and UIDAI in the presence of UIDAI’s Director General & Mission Director Vijay S Madan and EPFO’s Central Provident Fund Commissioner K.K. Jalan.
“During the meeting, it was decided that EPFO should sign up as registrar to enrol EPF members, who do not have an Aadhaar number to facilitate the enrolment process for such members,” an office circular said.
It was noted during the meeting that under UAN programme, the seeding of Aadhaar number in the UAN database is very low.
At present for 4.2 crore UANs issued by EPFO, only around 42 lakh Aadhaar numbers of members have been uploaded and about 21 lakh Aadhaar numbers of members have been digitally verified by the employers.
It was also decided that till the process for EPFO to become Registrar and engagement of Enrolment agencies is completed, the field offices of UIDAI would facilitate setting up of enrolment camps at all the offices of EPFO coming under their jurisdiction immediately.
The availability of an enrolment camp at each of its field office would facilitate the EPF members to enrol conveniently at these camps, as per the circular.
EPFO has planned to launch a facility of submitting online application for settlement of PF withdrawal claims next month.
The facility, however, would be available to all those members whose PF account is seeded with Aadhaar number as biometric details would help to facilitate the big financial transactions.

Starting a business to become easier by April 2015You are here: Home > Collections
Government moving to online approval system for over 200 permits needed to start business
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 07.06AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Seth
(This initiative could be…)
NEW DELHI: By April 2015, starting a new business in India would no longer require budding entrepreneurs to make multiple trips to myriad government offices, with the Narendra Modi government moving to an online approval system for more than 200 permits required by different industries from central and state government departments.
The new system for registering and seeking clearances for any business would allow entrepreneurs to apply for and track the status of all permits and licences online to start with, and eventually on mobile phones, in line with PM Modi's vision of bringing governance to people's fingertips.
This initiative could be highlighted when Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth meets India Inc on Friday with the commerce and industry secretaries to discuss measures to improve the ease of doing business. India is currently ranked 142nd on the World Bank's index for this and the government is committed to improve this to 50.
Promising to simplify business processes and regulations in six months, the PM had told US businesses in October: "Whatever may have been India's ranking on the ease of doing business index, I have now told officials that I don't want to be so low on this ranking."
PM Modi told US businesses in October that he had given officials "specific parameters to improve quickly".
While the Modi administration has stoked a revival in investor interest in India, foreign investors spooked by policy uncertainties and the country's notorious red tape are still looking for tangible signs of change in the business environment. This initiative could be a key enabler in changing the narrative, feel experts.
"The cabinet secretariat is prodding all ministries and state governments to complete the exercise by March 2015, so that anyone setting up a new venture in any sector or state can apply for the requisite permits and even pay fees online," said a senior government official aware of the development.
The proposed national portal for registrations and clearances would also free up entrepreneurs from the guesswork associated with seeking clearances in India's cumbersome and uncertain bureaucratic landscape, a system that spawns brokers and agents who charge for helping out aspiring businessmen.
"There will be a start-up matrix on the portal that will tell applicants what permissions are needed for which sectors. So if you are about to set up a pharma unit in Gujarat, it will tell you what are the permits needed from the health ministry and the state government," the official explained.
As of now, 81 state-level clearances, including those relating to acquiring land, setting up a factory and associated nods such as registering a boiler and operating a diesel genset are being digitised.
Another 133 clearances granted by different central ministries and departments, including tricky security nods from the home and defence ministries, will also be put online. More than 50 of these central clearances pertain to the railway ministry alone.
"Moving to an online system for granting clearances is a good start, after years of creating multiple single windows for investors that only sent them to other official windows," said former Boston Consulting Group chairman and Planning Commission member Arun Maira. "But it's equally important to re-engineer the processes involved in the clearances and create an intelligent back end. If people using the new system have a bad first experience and throw their hands up saying even this doesn't work, it could backfire," he told ET, stressing the importance of doing things in the right order.
  Under the new system, entrepreneurs would be able to track their applications digitally and would be informed any time there is an inter-departmental consultation on their file, through the portal being developed by the cabinet secretariat with the National Informatics Centre.
In pharmaceuticals, for instance, the health ministry's different approvals for new drugs and clinical trials, import and export of drugs and pricing approvals for generic drugs would be accessible online.
While a similar initiative was launched by the industry ministry with software company Infosys Technologies five years ago, it has so far digitised only two permissions granted by its own department — industrial licences and industrial entrepreneur memoranda.
The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion grants three other licences — for using explosives, gas cylinders and import and storage of petroleum products. These are now being put online at the behest of the cabinet secretariat, which has been mapping the multiple clearances required for different sectors with the help of industry groupings such as Ficci in recent months.

Intel wants govt to strengthen protection for trade secrets under IPRIntel wants government to strengthen protection for trade secrets under IPR policy
Dilasha Seth, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bengaluru
(Intel has a design and development centre in Bengaluru for…)
NEW DELHI: Intel, the world's largest manufacturer of computer chips, has called on the Indian government to strengthen protection for trade secrets under the intellectual property rights policy, raising concerns that the current regime is not strong enough. It has even asked for criminal sanctions to discourage theft.
Information is vulnerable to theft by employees or to being leaked when regulatory filings are made, said an expert.
"A lot of vital information of MNCs gets leaked in Bengaluru. It is indeed a concern for these global IT players. As they expand their R&D and innovation in India, a tough law to protect trade secrets will give these companies confidence," said the person.
US Trade Representative Michael Froman had also raised the issue of trade secrets with his Indian counterpart Nirmala Sitharaman at the bilateral trade and investment dialogue on Tuesday.
Intel has a design and development centre in Bengaluru for key products and is expanding its high-end technology research and development efforts. It sought a tightening of the rules in its letter to the government and the panel that's drafting the country's intellectual property rights (IPR) policy.
"As India continues to grow in IT and innovation, it needs to depart from the British model of contractual protection and to elevate trade secrets to a genuine IP right with statutory protection with specific criminal sanctions," Intel said.
Intel said such a move would increase investor confidence. The company didn't specify any particular incident of secrets being stolen. Intel couldn't be reached for a response on any specific cases related to this matter.
The Narendra Modi government is looking to attract foreign investment through its 'Make in India' drive and is also urging overseas companies to set up R&D facilities in the country.
California-based Intel argued that unlike patent rights, which eventually expire, trade secrets need to be protected for an unlimited duration.
Trade secrets protection may be important for startups as they may not the have resources to patent their innovation, it added. The letter included comments related to other aspects of IPR as well, such as copyrights and patents.
The US Uniform Trade Secrets Act is a state law enacted by 47 states so far. Besides, the US expanded the jurisdiction of the federal courts last year over cases related to misappropriation of trade secrets by enacting the Theft of Trade Secrets Clarification Act.
According to reports, an ex-Intel employee in the US was sentenced to three years in prison for stealing secrets worth $1 billion and using them to help a rival company in 2008.
On the discussions with USTR Froman at the bilateral trade policy forum, a government official said that while India does not have trade secrets protection legislation, the country has a law of contracts, which is what the courts rely on. "We said we will exchange our papers on the legal regime. We will exchange legal documents, to better understand each other's laws," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart to launch Flipkart Fashion FilesBy: Press Trust of India | Bengaluru |
Posted: November 28, 2014 10:31 am | Updated: November 28, 2014 10:34 am
E-commerce major Flipkart announced the launch of the ‘Flipkart Fashion Files’ – an exclusive lifestyle content page on its platform on Thursday.
Flipkart has joined hands with the Conde Nast Group to co-create high quality fashion content for its young and dynamic customers, the Bengaluru-based company said.
Targeted at fashion savvy Indian shoppers, ‘Flipkart Fashion Files’ will host a range of exclusive fashion diva/celebrity interviews, trend boards, brand and product stories along with lifestyle articles, it said in a release.
Mukesh Bansal, Head – Fashion (Flipkart), said, “… With this we aim to enhance the shopping experience of our style savvy shoppers by introducing fashion content curated by experts in this field. This is a true combination of high quality commerce and content which will add new dimension to our fashion category…”
Alex Kuruvilla, Managing Director of Conde Nast India said: “This is a very exciting opportunity for us as we add Flipkart to our global portfolio of Conde Nast’s international contract publishing clients that include Audi, Mercedes, Ferrari, Mandarin Oriental, among others.”

Silver futures down 0.90% on weak globalcuesGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Silver prices fell by 0.90 per cent to Rs 35,563 per kg in futures trade as speculators engaged in reducing their positions largely in tune with a weakening trend overseas.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, silver for delivery in December contracts traded lower by Rs 324, or 0.90 per cent, to Rs 35,563 per kg in business turnover of 947 lots.
Similarly, the white metal for delivery in far-month March next year contracts declined by Rs 270, or 0.74 per cent, to Rs 36,445 per kg in business volume of 435 lots.
In the international market, silver fell 1.20 per cent to USD 16.05 an ounce in Singapore, the lowest since November 20.
Market analysts said a subdued trend in precious metals in the global markets as crude oil at the lowest level in four years increased prospects for a cooling of consumer prices, reducing demand for an inflation hedge, put pressure on silver futures trade here.
TAGS: Silver
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

MediGain to up head count in IndiaUpdated: November 28, 2014 22:52 IST
MediGain to up head count in India
Sanjay Vijayakumar
India and Sri Lanka will be the major international markets in which the firm is looking to expand.
U.S.-based MediGain LLC plans to increase headcount in India by five times to 1,500 employees by 2016.
The firm provides revenue cycle management, medical billing and reimbursement services to physicians offices, ambulatory surgery centers and hospitals across the U.S. healthcare industry.
Funding
In October, the firm raised $38 million from Prudential Capital Group.
“India is central to MediGain’s future growth strategy. A good amount of this funding will be utilised to strengthen our Indian operations in Chennai,” said MediGain Chairman Dinesh Butani said.
Through the funds, MediGain also acquired another U.S. revenue cycle management firm Millennium Practice Management Associates earlier this week for an undisclosed sum.
MediGain does not share its revenues, but said it had grown tenfold over the past four years.
At present, the firm’s total headcount stands at 1,000 — with 400 employees in the U.S., 300 in Chennai and 300 in Colombo.
“We continue to build out and target to have between 2,000 and 3,000 employees by end 2016,” said Mr. Dinesh Butani. India and Sri Lanka would be the major international markets in which the firm is looking to expand.

Italian furniture major Chateau dAx teams up with VantoHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Italian furniture major Chateau d’Ax teams up with Vanto
Our Bureau
Adith.L(left) , Chief Operating Officer , Vanto and Cledwyn Passanah of Chataeu d' Ax at the opening of the latest Italian furniture showroom in Hyderabad on Friday. --PHOTO: P. V. SIVAKUMAR
Hyderabad, Nov. 28:  
Chateau d’Ax, the Italian maker of upholstered furniture and Hyderabad-based furniture retail chain Vanto have inked a joint venture agreement, to set up a chain of stores, with a range of branded Italian products.
The €800 million Italian major will provide the license and designer products, while Vanto will invest in the physical infrastructure of stores. In the long term plans are to set up a manufacturing facility as well said Cledwyn Passanah a senior executive of Chateau d’Ax.
The flagship Milano & Design (M&D) showroom was launched in Hyderabad by the JV partners. The next store in Bengaluru will be started in a week. By end of March 2015, Pune and Delhi also will have our presence, said Adith L, Chief Operating Officer of Vanto (which comes from the Italian word Vantare meaning to boast or pride).
"Plans are to open at least 4 stores every year with a target of 40 in the next five years. Each store will typically see an investment of Rs 2-3 crore", he told newspersons here today.
The stores will showcase collections from internationally known Italian brands such as Flou, Alessi, Hub Italia, Pianca, Driade, Nomon. The range will include sofas, beds, kitchen, artefacts etc, both retail and designer.
In addition to retail sales, the JV will focus on contract business with hotels, hospitality groups and family owned business houses. The offering would be to design an entire house, hotel, property etc with customised solutions. The segment is very promising, said Passanah.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

High Court orders status quo to proposed merger of Financial Technologies withNSELGold, silver dip on sluggish demand, weak global cues
The Bombay High Court ordered `a status quo’ till December 22 to the proposed merger of Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) with the National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL).
The order was passed by a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Anuja Prabhudesai while hearing a petition filed by Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) challenging the proposed merger.
The court asked National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL), Union Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Investors Forum to file replies to the petition by December 22.
Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) has questioned the order issued by the Corporate Affairs Ministry on October 21 with regard to the amalgamation/merger.
The government has ordered the merger of the bourse with its parent firm FTIL in order to ensure faster recovery of dues for entities hit by the Rs 5,600 crore fraud at National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL).
Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) owns 99.99 percent of National Spot Exchange Ltd. (NSEL), on which trading was suspended after the fraud came to light in July 2013.
The proposal of merger would take a final shape after taking into account submissions or objections made by the shareholders and creditors of the two companies. Comments have been sought from them till December 20.
TAGS: Financial Technologies India Ltd. National Spot Exchange Ltd.
More from markets
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Department of Space gave  certain benefits  to Tata Sky: CAGProperty portal Housing.com raises $90 mn from SoftBank Group, Falcon Edge, others
The transponder lease agreement Department of Space had with Tata Sky gave “certain benefits” to the company which were not offered to any other DTH service providers, the Comptroller and Auditor General yesterday said.
The report of Management of satellite capacity for DTH service, which was tabled in Parliament, said that since the DoS could not launch communication satellites on time, most of the DTH service providers opted for foreign satellites. The DTH service providers did not prefer to return to INSAT system due to “trust deficit”, it said.
During 2004 to 2007, DoS entered into lease agreements with Doordarshan, Dish TV, Tata Sky, Sundirect DTH, BIG TV (Reliance), Airtel Digital TV (Airtel) and D2H (Videocon) for hiring of satellite transponder capacity for providing DTH services.
CAG said, “Transponder lease agreement with Tata Sky gave certain benefits to Tata Sky which were not offered to any of the other DTH service providers.”
The “certain benefits” which were not extended to other DTH service providers were having an open ended commitment for satellite capacity with the provision for additional transponder capacity whereas in other agreement, the commitment for satellite capacity was for the period of lease only, the report said.
Tata Sky also had the provision for inspection of its earth station by DoS. This facility was also not extended to other service providers, the CAG said.
“DoS launched GSAT 10 satellite in order to swap with capacity allocated to Tata Sky on INSAT 4A, which was functioning with reduced power.
“Tata Sky subsequently declined the proposal but DoS did not allocate capacity on GSAT 10 to any other service provider apprehending litigation, as Tata Sky was given exclusive first right of refusal on Ku Band capacity of INSAT 4A satellite,” the report said.
Apart from many objections, the report said, the chairman of the Tata Group was one of the “non-functional directors” in the board of directors of Antrix.
“Although there might be no direct impact on the decision making process within Antrix, allocation of Ku band transponders of INSAT 4A on exclusive basis to Tata Sky does raise the question of conflict of interest,” it said.
It added that an agreement was entered with Sun DTH for 6.25 transponders units in INSAT 4B at the rate of Rs 4.75 crore per transponder, but DoS charged the company for only six transponders, resulting in a loss of Rs 46.92 lakh.
More from companies

Edit: Why shifting processes online won t ease up businessSearch for:
To clear business hurdles, fix political funding
November 29, 2014, 5:48 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Companies , Edit Page , India , Times View | ET
21
The government’s plan to move to an online system for project clearances by April next year is welcome. A transparent and hassle free regulatory environment will aid investment and growth, but the government should not be under the illusion that paperwork alone creates delay. Businesses suffer due to corrupt politics — that is the root cause of India’s low score in international rankings in the ease of doing business. The sad reality is that the proceeds of corruption fund Indian democracy. Hurdles in the path of setting up and running a business are in place so that rents can be collected for their removal. These rents go to fund politics and politicians, with civil servants as ancillary beneficiaries. Unless this system of funding politics changes, it is difficult to see business getting done with anything that can be called ease in India. Institutionalising political funding is the key.
To expect politicians to mend their ways on their own is naïve, although the Aam Aadmi Party has shown that parties can, indeed, be funded openly and transparently. Industry must take the lead, and finance political parties only through transparent, fully accounted and audited ways. Investors will find India hospitable when industry stops releasing funds that feed into the pool of corruption. Today, some of India’s biggest industrial houses make zero political contributions. On paper, that is. In reality, industry is the largest financier of politics but chooses to remain anonymous. Modesty alone does not explain such reticence. State favours remain business fixes
The proposed national portal will allow entrepreneurs to apply for and track the status of all permits and licences online, and eventually on mobile phones. That’s welcome, but the government also needs to slash the number of approvals — currently 81 at the state-level and another 133 at the Central level. Projects are stuck because of complex and outdated state regulations on land acquisition, mining rights, environment and so on. Other factors responsible for India’s low ranking that include inefficient enforcement of contracts and outdated insolvency laws should also be fixed.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Christie Vetoes Pig Bill With Iowa And 2016 On The HorizonChristie Vetoes Pig Crate Bill In Controversial Move
 | By                                                                JILL COLVIN
Updated:
11/28/2014  7:59 pm EST
VERO BEACH, FL - OCTOBER 16:  New Jersey Governor Chris Christie campaigns with Florida Governor Rick Scott as they make a campaign stop at a Vero Beach Field Office on October 16, 2014 in Vero Beach, Florida. Republican Governor Rick Scott is in a race against former Florida Governor Charlie Crist in the November 4, 2014 election.  (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images) | Joe Raedle via Getty Images
reddit
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Republican Gov. Chris Christie has vetoed a politically charged bill that would have banned the use of certain pig cages in his state, a move many observers see as aimed at appeasing Iowa voters ahead of a potential 2016 presidential run.
In a veto message issued Friday, Christie called the bill opposing gestation crates a "solution in search of a problem."
"It is a political movement masquerading as substantive policy," he said.
The crates, which are so small that pregnant pigs can't turn around in them, have been criticized by animal welfare activists as cruel. Pigs can spend years in them, and advocates say they don't want their use to spread.
The bill had overwhelming support from Republican and Democratic state lawmakers but would have had little to no impact in New Jersey, whose roughly 300 pig farms don't regularly use the crates.
But the crates are widespread in Iowa, which is home to millions of pigs and the nation's first presidential nominating caucuses. Christie has invested significant time building relationships in Iowa, campaigning on behalf of its Republican governor, Terry Branstad, who had urged him to squash the bill.
New Jersey state Sen. Raymond Lesniak, a Democrat and the bill's lead sponsor, expressed disappointment after the veto and accused Christie of "capitulating to political influences in a state thousands of miles away."
"Obviously, the governor is putting his personal political ambitions ahead of the humane treatment of animals," he said.
The fight over the legislation had become one of the most heated in recent memory.
Animal welfare advocates launched a public relations blitz, complete with celebrity endorsements, and staged events at which activists stood inside cages. They also commissioned polls to show support for the ban in New Jersey and Iowa and said they flooded the governor's office with thousands of phone calls and emails.
The National Pork Producers Council, based in Washington, D.C., sent a lobbyist to New Jersey to try to scuttle the attempt. It was pleased with Christie's action.
"Gov. Christie recognized that it's the hog farmers not national animal rights groups who know best how to ensure the well-being of pregnant sows," Council spokesman Dave Warner said in an email.
The Humane Society of the United States' vice president of farm animal protection, Paul Shapiro, characterized Christie's decision as a "cynical political calculation."
But Christie said it was the other way around. In his veto message, he urged lawmakers to stop "using their lawmaking authority to play politics with issues that don't exist in our State" and shilling for groups that "want to use the law making process as a political cudgel on issues outside our borders."
New Jersey is "at the vanguard of protecting domestic livestock from animal cruelty," he said.
Christie vetoed similar legislation last year, but advocates had hoped changes would address his concerns. Instead, Christie said he would leave state policy in the hands of the Board of Agriculture and the Department of Agriculture.
"I will rely on our in-state experts rather than the partisan politicians who sponsor this bill," he said.
More:

 Gold at 2-Week Low on Easing of Import Curbs by RBIConsultations Underway on Revision of Royalty Rates on Coal: Report
New Delhi: Gold prices today plunged by Rs 270 to trade at over two-week low of Rs 26,400 per ten gram in the national capital after the Reserve Bank yesterday eased curbs on import of the precious metal.
Silver also extended losses for the third day and tumbled by Rs 820 to Rs 35,380 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Easing restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank yesterday scrapped the controversial 80:20 scheme.
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, at least 20 per cent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Bullion traders attributed the fall in gold prices to easing restrictions on gold imports by the RBI by scrapping the controversial scheme, which is likely to enhance supplies and check smuggling of the precious metal.
"The RBI move will improve supplies in the market and bring down gold prices further in coming days," All India Sarafa Association vice-president Surinder Kumar Jain said, adding the strengthening dollar, however, will limit fall in prices.
He said the import curbs had restricted availability of the basic raw material for the jewellery sector.
Besides, a weak global trend where gold weakened as a stronger dollar and falling crude prices, curbing demand for the precious metal, weighed on the gold prices.
Gold in global market, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 1.80 per cent, the biggest fall since November 5, to 1,175.50 an ounce in New York.
Silver too tumbled by 6.3 per cent, the biggest drop since June 2013, to $15.55 an ounce in yesterday's trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 270 each to Rs 26,400 and Rs 26,200 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on November 12.
Sovereign traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight gram.
In line with weak trend, silver ready also recorded a hefty fall of Rs 820 to Rs 35,380 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,085 to Rs 34,525 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins remained steady at Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 16:28 (IST)

Vodafone  Airtel Fined Most for Tariff and MNP Rules ViolationsYou are here: Home Industries
Vodafone, Airtel Fined Most for Tariff and MNP Rules Violations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 29, 2014 17:13 (IST)
No Rollback of Excise Duty Hike on Diesel, Petrol: Finance Ministry
New Delhi: Telecom operator Vodafone has been fined the most for tariff rule violations till date, while Bharti Airtel has been penalised the maximum amount for breaching mobile number portability norms.
Country's second largest telecom operator Vodafone has been penalised over Rs 6 lakhs for charging customers on new tariff without informing regulator TRAI in time, as per details presented in a written reply to a Rajya Sabha question.
Other companies fined for this include Aircel (Rs 2.3 lakh), Reliance Communications (Rs 2 lakh) Airtel (Rs 50,000) Tikona (Rs 25,000), Loop Mobile (Rs 20,000) and D-Vois broadband (Rs 30,000).
"The Telecommunication Tariff order provides that all tariffs are to be reported to TRAI within 7 working days from the date of implementation. It also provides for financial disincentive of Rs 5,000 per day for each day delay subject to a maximum of Rs 2 lakhs," Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in the Rajya Sabha.
With regard to mobile number portability, which allows subscribers to change their service providers while retaining the same number, all the telecom operators, except state-run firms BSNL and MTNL, have been found to have violated rules.
The maximum penalty for contravention of MNP regulation has been imposed on Airtel (Rs 4.6 crore), followed by Aircel (Rs 1.57 crore).
Incidentally, Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular are among the biggest gainers of MNP regime in terms adding new subscribers from other operators.
Idea's net gain of subscribers at the end of October 2014 stood at over 1.25 crore, Vodafone 1.04 crore, Airtel 50 lakh and Reliance Telecom over 3.84 lakh, as per the data released earlier.
Vodafone has also been fined Rs 1 crore for MNP norms violation, while Idea has been penalised about Rs 54 lakh, Tata Teleservices (Rs 19 lakh), Loop Mobile (Rs 2.41 lakh) Reliance Communication, including Reliance Telecom, (Rs 55,000, Uninor Rs 12,500 and Videocon (including Quadrant) Rs 29,000.
Separately, around 13 companies have been penalised for violation of telemarketing call and SMS rules.
"TRAI has imposed financial disincentives on 13 companies for over Rs 27 crore. The amount outstanding as of now is over Rs 19 crore. The outstanding is because of various representations from the telecom service providers," Mr Prasad said.
Penalties of over Rs 6.5 crore have been imposed on telecom operators for providing below standard quality of service. The name of telecom service providers were not disclosed in the reply.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 17:11 (IST)

Public sector bank Boards get to choose statutory auditorsPublic sector bank Boards’ get to choose statutory auditors
K.R.Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 29:  
Public sector bank (PSB) Boards will now have a say in the selection and appointment of its statutory central auditors.
In a policy change, the Finance Ministry has delegated the work of selection and appointment of statutory central auditors to individual PSBs for the year 2014-15 onwards.
This move will provide autonomy to bank boards' in selection and appointment of statutory auditors, said an official release.
Hitherto, Boards of PSBs had virtually no say and were required to accept the name of the chartered accountancy firm referred to it by a panel set up by the department of financial services (DFS) in the Finance Ministry.
The Panel comprised among others representative of DFS and Chairman of the Indian Banks’ Association.
Under the new framework now put in place, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will provide to the PSBs the criteria for selecting the statutory central auditors.
The office of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) will provide the list of eligible auditors available with them and PSBs can make the selection out of the list with the prior approval of RBI.
This latest Government move to allow PSBs to select its statutory auditor is seen as victory of sorts for bankers, many of whom were keen to get the authority to appoint statutory auditor.
Not all endorse this move with some even wondering what had prompted the policy change when the earlier system of DFS panel deciding on the statutory auditor worked well.
“This is a surprise move as nobody seemed to have demanded this change. The earlier system of the Finance Ministry panel deciding on the auditor was a better one”, Sunil Goyal, former CA Institute President told Business Line.
Amarjit Chopra, Chairman of National Advisory Committee on Accounting Standards, said the latest Government move will "impair" the independence of auditors.
No statutory auditor will be bold enough to look for NPAs if his appointment squarely hinges on the senior management of the bank, Chopra said.
"I feel the earlier system of finance ministry appointed panel deciding on the statutory auditor is better. It is always better to have third party appointing the statutory auditor", he said.
Chopra, who is a former CA Institute President, expressed concern over "hidden NPAs" not coming out in the open in the latest system.
srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Gold prices reverse overnight on withdrawal of 80:20 schemeGold prices reverse overnight on withdrawal of 80:20 scheme
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 09:11 PM IST
In a sharp reversal, spot gold was sold at a discount of 1-1.5 per cent in Zaveri Bazaar here on Saturday, following the government’s move to scrap the 80:20 import scheme. Until Friday evening, the commodity was being sold at a premium of $12.
Bullion dealers hoarding gold amid fear of fresh restrictions have now started releasing the commodity into the market gradually to cut losses.
In Mumbai, standard gold was quoted at Rs 26,300/10g, against the cost of import of Rs 26,600-26,650/10g, a discount of $5-6. In the London market, gold fell $24/ounce on Friday to settle at $1,167.9 an ounce.
“Mostly, jewellers hedge their risk in the spot market and book the quantity equivalent to their daily sales to maintain the inventory equilibrium. But in special cases, we avail of bank credit to buy additional gold in anticipation of a surge in occasional spot demand. Bullion dealers who book the quantity at prices lower than the prevailing price, extend the difference to their customers,” said Kumar Jain, partner, Umedmal Tilokchand Zaveri, a city-based bullion dealer.
Till Friday evening, bullion dealers were holding inventory, anticipating the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) would tighten gold import norms. However, the central bank scrapped the 80:20 scheme, 14 months after its imposition.
The decision has led to jewellers being unsure about the unsold quantity that was imported and stored in Customs warehouses by Friday evening. “We are awaiting a clarification from RBI on whether the imported gold will be distributed according to the pre-80:20 system or whether a new set of guidelines will be issued for distribution of the stored quantity. Until then, jewellers will have to wait for the fresh purchase lot,” said Vipul Soni, chairman of All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation.
A clarification is also awaited on the quantity of exports already committed by Indian jewellers. Most jewellers had stopped using the overdraft facility (availing of gold loans as working capital from banks) due to non-availability of adequate gold under the 80:20 scheme, squeezing operations. Now, with adequate availability of gold, the abandoned operational capacity will be restored. Investment demand in gold, at a near standstill due to jewellers staying away from coin and bar sales, will also get a fresh lease of life. This will result in a rise in imports through the official channel.
In October, gold imports stood at 150 tonnes, against 143 tonnes in September as buyers built stocks at lower price to meet the upcoming festive and wedding season demand.

Karnataka sugar mills agree to start crushingKarnataka sugar mills agree to start crushing
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Nov 29, 2014 09:08 PM IST
Sugar mills in Karnataka have decided to begin cane crushing for the current season (October 2014-September 2015) from Sunday. The move comes after the South Indian Sugar Mills Association (SISMA) representatives met Chief Minister Siddaramaiah at Kalaburagi on Friday.
Earlier this week, the state government had warned sugar mills that it would take over the control of sugar mills if they fail to resume crushing by Sunday.
“We had a meeting with the chief minister at Kalaburagi and requested for more time to pay arrears to farmers for 2013-14. He has agreed to give us additional time to make the payment in two instalments. Mills will pay the first instalment of Rs 200 a quintal in the next few days. The government has agreed to give us a moratorium of two years for the payment of second instalment of another Rs 200 a quintal,” Pawan Kumar, president, SISMA told Business Standard.
He said mills expressed their inability to pay the entire arrears amounting to Rs 1,803 crore immediately, considering fall in sugar prices. The realisation has come down to Rs 2,250 a quintal in the open market, he said.
However, for the current sugar season, the government has directed mills to pay as per the fair and remunerative price (FRP) announced by the Central government. The FRP is fixed at Rs 2,200 a tonne for a recovery of 9.5 per cent as first instalment and after the close of crushing season, they have to calculate profits from the sale of sugar and by-products and share 70 per cent of it with farmers as second instalment.
About 40 mills out of 60 operational mills had either suspended or deferred crushing for the current year after the Karnataka High Court, in its order on November 6, directed mills to pay state advisory price of Rs 2,500 a tonne for 2013-14 season. A large number of mills had paid up to Rs 2,000 a tonne last year and kept arrears pending, which exceeded Rs 3,000 crore. Subsequently, some mills had made a part payment at the end of the last crushing season.
Meanwhile, farmers in Belgaum, Vijayapura and Bagalkot districts had started supplying their cane to mills in Maharashtra for better prices. “As the standing crop had started wilting, it was inevitable for us to cut it and supply to mills in the neighbouring state,” said Shrimanth Duddagi, a farmer in Vijayapura.
Karnataka is the third largest producer of sugar in the country with annual share of 13 per cent. For 2013-14, Karnataka produced 4.18 million tonnes of sugar compared to 3.39 million tonnes (mt) in the previous year, showing a growth of 23.3 per cent. The recovery of sugar went up 58 basis points to 10.98 per cent. Cane crushing went up 16.6 per cent to 38.1 million tonnes during the year compared to 32.7 mt in 2012-13 season.
About 60 mills were operational with a combined capacity of 273,950 TCD (tonnes crushed per day) during this year as against 57 last year.

Solemn mood at India s Adelaide practiceLATEST PHOTOS
India train at Adelaide Oval
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014.
Prev Next
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - NOVEMBER 29: Virat Kohli of India leaves a bat and cap at a memorial for Phil Hughes outside the Adelaide Oval during an India training session at Adelaide Oval on November 29, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. Cricket player, Phil Hughes passed away aged 25, as a result of head injuries sustained during the Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the SCG on Tuesday. (Photo by Morne de Klerk/Getty ... more 
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - NOVEMBER 29: Virat Kohli of India leaves a bat and cap at a memorial for Phil Hughes outside the Adelaide Oval during an India training session at Adelaide Oval on November 29, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. Cricket player, Phil Hughes passed away aged 25, as a result of head injuries sustained during the Sheffield Shield match between South Australia and New South Wales at the SCG on Tuesday. (Photo by Morne de Klerk/Getty Images) less 
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
New Zealand vs Pakistan OD...
Australia vs India, 1st Test
Tue 9 Dec, 2014 5:44 AM IST
Action images from the 1st Test between Australia and India played at Adelaide between December 9-13, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 1st Test
Sri Lanka vs England, 6th ODI
Sat 13 Dec, 2014 1:12 PM IST
Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Virat Kohli had to play peacemaker to the warring Indians and Australians on the fourth day of the Adelaide Test. It all happened in the post-Tea session when David Warner was called back after being bowled off a Varun Aaron no-ball. Having been accorded a huge send off by the bowler, who was obviously … More » Flare Up: Warner vs Indians
5th ODI: Sri Lanka vs England
Fri 12 Dec, 2014 7:18 AM IST
Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 PM IST
India captain Virat Kohli received a bouncer to his helmet on the first ball of his innings in Adelaide today. Kohli was shaken as was Mitchell Johnson, with memories of Phil Hughes fresh in everyone's minds. Kohli overcame the incident to score a fine hundred. Johnson too bounced back by dismissing … More » Johnson Hits Kohli: The Bouncer Incident
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Cricket Photos of The Week 7.12.14
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 3:58 PM IST
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]

Modi calls for next-generation infrastructure to help check Northeast youth migrating to other citiesWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 29, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:04 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi on Saturday called for developing such next-generation infrastructure including setting up of optical fibre network in the Northeast which would create immense job opportunities within the region, in the process checking large-scale emigration of youth from here to other states.
“What the Northeast needs now is next-generation infrastructure including information highways that would create immense employment opportunities within the region. Improved connectivity on the other hand will trigger off huge domestic tourist flow to the region. With our government already allocating Rs 28000 crores for the region in the last railway budget, the Northeast is definitely heading for new heights of development,” the prime minister said.
He was flagging off by remote switch the first train from Mendipathar (in Meghalaya) to Guwahati as also laying foundation stone of the Bhairabi-Sairang railway line in Mizoram.
“Times are changing, and so is the world. Northeast today needs gas grid, safe drinking water, round-the-clock electricity. And finally optical fibre network. Infrastructure has to be built keeping in mind the requirements of life of changing times,” he said. Once optical fibre is in place, young people from the Northeast will not require to flock to places like Bangalore and Hyderabad in search of jobs. Call centres can then come up even in remote corners of the Northeast,” the prime minister said.
The Prime Minister said India now needs next-generation infrastructure – consisting of both highways and i-ways (information ways). He said there should be no digital divide, and the vision of Digital India also encompasses the Northeast. Why should there not be a gas-grid, why should we not get electricity for all 24 hours, Modi asked, expressing confidence that next-gen infrastructure would be the key to building a modern India. He said a good optical fibre network would lead to immense opportunities for the Northeast.
“Digital India’s dream must definitely include the Northeast too. Once I-way connectivity is established, remote corners of the Northeast will also be at par with other parts of the country,” he said.
Modi also described railways as a development tool and said railways not only connect people and places but also empower the community. “Railways constitute the backbone of India’s economy. Right now we do not look at railways holistically but only see it as station here and a stoppage here. We want to bring about both horizontal and vertical development of railways by upgrading technology. Railways have to be made the engine of India’s economic growth,” he said.
Pointing out that the NDA government was laying more stress on development of the Northeast, Modi also recalled that during his recent visit to Myanmar he had also explored possibilities of better connectivity between the two countries with special emphasis on how youth from the Northeast could continued…

Bingtao youngest ever world championUpdated: November 29, 2014 22:47 IST
Snooker
Bingtao youngest ever world champion
Ashwin Achal
sport
Keeps his cool in a tense contest
Yan Bingtao showed maturity beyond his years to prevail over Pakistan’s Muhammad Sajjad in a tense IBSF World snooker championship final here on Saturday.
With Sajjad just one frame away from clinching the title, the 14-year-old Bingtao — who became the youngest ever world champion — realised that he was going nowhere with the safety battles that had dominated the majority of the match. The Chinese youngster decided to back his shot-making ability, and split the reds early in the final two frames. The move paid off, as Sajjad had no answer to the clean potting of Bingtao, and conceded the encounter at 8-7 after a solid 60-break in the decider.
Both players failed to showcase the big breaks, but the close nature of the match sustained a high degree of interest until the end.
Bingtao had initially fought his way to a 6-4 lead in the best-of-15 fixture, but Sajjad pulled a rabbit out of the hat to mount a comeback.
Staring down the barrel at 15-65 in the 11th frame, the Pakistani cueist was offered a tough chance after Bingtao missed a red. Sajjad needed a 50-clearance — with three reds on the table — to tie the frame and he did just that.
The 28-year-old first sunk the reds with the black, before moving the cue ball like a puppet on a string to pot the colours. With momentum on his side, the black ball playoff went Sajjad’s way.
Bingtao led in the next frame as well, but the teenager miscued on the rest to allow Sajjad onto the table. A neat 35-break was enough this time, and the finalists came to an even keel at 6-6. A 60 in the 13th brought Sajjad — the bronze medallist last year — within touching distance of the title, before Bingtao decided to do it his way.
“I was worried at 6-7 down, but I kept telling myself to hold it together,” Bingtao, who trains at the China Billiards and Snooker Association (CBSA) at Beijing, said. The Shandong-born player is keen to enter the professional tour as soon as possible.
In the women’s section, Belgium’s Wendy Jans took her third consecutive title with a 5-2 victory over Russia’s Anastasia Nechaeva.
The 31-year-old Jans, the only woman to have achieved this feat, stated that her semifinal win over two-time champion Ng On Yee gave her immense confidence ahead of the final. Phisit Chandsri of Thailand recorded a memorable 6-5 win over the in-form Darren Morgan — a former professional player — in the masters summit clash.
The result (finals): Men: Yan Bingtao (Chi) bt Muhammad Sajjad (Pak) 71-59, 16-81, 22-75, 67-53, 77-13, 4-93, 63-38, 0-86, 76-9, 70-37, 65-72, 38-76, 16-107, 72-21, 61-15.
Women: Wendy Jans (Bel) bt Anastasia Nechaeva (Rus) 31-76, 72-02, 25-65, 74-35, 72-32, 82-23, 60-31.
Masters: Phisit Chandsri (Tha) bt Darren Morgan (Wal) 67-59, 73-15, 25-64, 18-55, 16-71, 30-58, 81-29, 65-44, 57-28, 7-64, 72-34.

Bollywood eyes a box office beyond the Great WallBollywood eyes a box office beyond the Great Wall
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Nov 29, 2014 11:13 PM IST
The Chinese box office, projected to be worth $4.9 billion this calendar year, is attracting a bevy of Indian producers, especially the Bollywood ones. While this year's Diwali release Happy New Year is set to get a grand release on at least 2,500 screens in that country in the January-March quarter of next year, Eros International is scouting for a Chinese partner to set up a production & distribution joint venture to crack the restricted market there.
According to the Chinese Film Producers' Association, box-office collections have been growing at a 37 per cent annual rate in that market. By contrast, the Indian film industry is projected to be worth $2.2 billion in 2014, according to the Ficci-KMPG Report on media & entertainment in 2013-14.
The Chinese government, which regulates the film industry there, has predicted that the country's box-office collections will exceed those of the US (estimated at $10 billion in 2014) in three years. And the target appears set to be achieved, with annual screen and revenue growth rates stable at around 30 per cent.
Eros International Group CEO Jyoti Deshpande says: "The scale of the Chinese box office is huge. Imagine the possibilities if one could tap both Indian and Chinese markets together. The opportunity that China provides is lucrative. If the Eros (equivalent) of China and we were to join hands, it would open a lot of global avenues." Deshpande believes the Indo-Chinese content will have appeal in the two countries, as well as globally.
So far, Indian films have made sporadic entries into China. In the 1950s, Indian content went past the Great Wall with films like Awaara. But in the years to follow, there was long dry spell that broke only in the early 2000s, when Aamir Khan's Lagaan was released in China. After that, a few other Bollywood films like 3 Idiots, My Name is Khan, Chennai Express, Krrish 3 and Dhoom 3 hit Chinese screens.
One reason for few Indian films getting released in China is that country's strict regulation. The China State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, the body that governs the entertainment industry, has capped the number of foreign releases there at 34 a year, to encourage local films. Almost 90 per cent of the 24 foreign films released in China are usually the Hollywood ones; Indian movies have traditionally found it difficult to tap the market there.
In the first nine months of this calendar year, local Chinese films have dominated the market with a share of 51.4 per cent by collections, show media reports.
However, India film makers now seem to have found a way to get there. For instance, when Yash Raj Films (YRF) took Aamir Khan-starrer Dhoom 3 to China earlier this year, it tied up with HGC Entertainment, a Chinese company that specialises in bringing and distributing foreign film content. It brings two to three foreign films to China every year.
According to Indian film makers, getting into joint ventures with Chinese companies and jointly producing Indo-Chinese films will enable them to get past the foreign content restrictions.
YRF, the distribution partner for Happy New Year, is planning to partner with another Chinese company for the launch of the Shah Rukh Khan-, Deepika Padukone-starrer. Avtar Panesar, the company's head of international distribution, says:
"These non-traditional markets allow a film only when you convince your local partner that it could be mutually worthwhile." So, Bollywood films undergo customisation to better suit the Chinese market. For example, Happy New year will be dubbed in Mandarin and its run time will be reduced.
The movie, which is currently a little under three hours long, will be edited and shortened.

Compensation model for cancelled coal mines settlementCompensation model for cancelled coal mines settlement
Shreya Jai | New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The government will adopt a compensation model to settle the claims of stakeholders in the coal mines, whose allocation was recently cancelled by the Supreme Court. The mines will be up for fresh bidding through the e-auction route.
The bidding amount, which the government is yet to calculate, would be segregated into two parts - fixed and variable. The fixed cost part will constitute value of land and other assets associated with a particular mine. The valuation committee, under Pratyush Sinha, former chief vigilance commissioner, is compiling the asset valuation data of all the mines with cancelled allocation.
According to the priority of disbursal of proceeds to the parties involved with the operational mines, the government would first pay the dues of the employees and then extend the payment to the secured creditors.
COMPENSATION HIERARCHY
Dues of employees
Payment to secured creditors
All revenues, taxes, cess and rates due to the central/state govt and/or local authorities by the prior allottee
Any other claim that arises before a specified date to be issued by nominated authority soon
Prior owner of the mine
All the revenues, taxes and rates due from the prior allottee to the central or state government or local authority would also be paid off from the revenue earned as the fixed part of the bidding amount. "The balance amount would then go to the prior owner of the mine as compensation," said a government official.
In what could be a trickle-down flow of compensation, the rules for conducting the re-allocation of mines mentioned any liability with regard to a matter specified in a lower category would arise only if surplus is left after meeting all the liabilities specified in the immediately higher category. The other part of the bidding amount - variable cost - would be the reserve price of coal for which the government is deciding a methodology. It would be based on the geological reserve of the mine put out for bid. "This is the revenue which would go the states where the mine is located," said the official.
The reserve price for the auction is yet to be decided, with the government awaiting data on the value of assets and the formula under consideration.
Anil Swarup, secretary, ministry of coal, had earlier said the methodology of bidding would remain the same for all end-users in the cement, steel and power industries. But for projects that generate power under a pass-through mechanism, the government would formulate a cap on tariffs to keep electricity prices in check
In the first phase of re-allocation, 42 operational mines and 32 in line to start production will be offered to developers with notified end-use projects. The government is looking to award the blocks by the end of February to meet the court's deadline. As per the rough timeline, coal ministry would try to issue 'request for proposal' by 22 December to invite bids, bidding procedure during mid-February and letter of allocation by at least 10 March.

Game s on: Two companies sow seeds for growth of struggling startupsProperty portal Housing.com raises $90 mn from SoftBank Group, Falcon Edge, others
EVEN as the nascent Indian gaming industry is yet to make its mark in the global arena — with companies struggling to monetise their offerings and come out with any gaming title worth a reckoning, and most users unwilling to pay for the games they play — two leading lights of the business are now offering a ray of hope. Dhruva Interactive led by CEO Rajesh Rao and Nazara Technologies led by Nitish Mittersain have joined hands to launch India’s first seed fund, Nazara Game Fund, for gaming companies.
Simply put, fund-starved early-stage gaming outfits, which struggle to survive — with venture funds unwilling to back them — will now have a shot at the exploding gaming market.
Globally, only the top 20 companies make 80% of the revenues. And the rest are always on the lookout for revenues; majority of them don’t survive. One big missing piece of the ecosystem was funding along with mentoring support for the gaming companies that was so easily available to other startups. The scene, it seems, is set for a change now.
Apart from the seed fund, Dhruva Interactive’s Rao, a gaming industry veteran, has set up the country’s first incubator for gaming startups, called Game Tantra, in Bangalore. Rao is also the chair of the Nasscom Gaming Council and has been spearheading many gaming industry initiatives. So, while the funding will come from the Nazara Game Fund launched by Nazara Technologies, a mobile game developer and publisher, Game Tantra will bring in the mentoring.
The Nazara Game Fund is a R10-crore fund for supporting young mobile gaming startups and providing them funding in the range of R25 lakh to R2 crore. Nazara made its first funding with a Series A round of investment in HashCube, a gaming company based in Bangalore.
Rao soft-launched Game Tantra recently and has shortlisted a few for incubation. These are startups from small towns and cities, which have found it challenging to move to incubators as they did not have the resources to survive in a city like Bangalore. “They needed ‘Vitamin M’. We launched the fund so that money is not a constraint anymore,” says Rao.
He hopes more youngsters will now be encouraged to start their studios. Rao’s incubator can house seven companies at a time and they change every six months. Selected companies will get R12.5 lakh to start off. Game Tantra has got 40 to 50 applications for the six month incubation programme. The fund was formally launched at the Nasscom Game Developer Conference 2014 in Pune on November 14.
Reliance Games, the gaming division of Reliance Entertainment, is also launching a incubator for startups and game developers, offers its CEO Manish Agarwal. Reliance Games operates four studios which have come out with popular games such as Real Steel, Pacific Rim, Robot Boxing and Hunger Games. Reliance Games would be operating the incubation centre out of its Pune gaming studio. “The incubation centre will spur game developers and also bring in some fresh independent thinking into the business. We are looking at incubating companies that have products reaching at least the beta-testing stage,” adds Agarwal.
Reliance has the reach and muscle to take these games across the globe, something which small-time game developers struggle to do. Apart from developing its own games at its studio in Pune, Reliance Games is also looking at publishing the games by other companies and startups to expand its offerings. Reliance Games is present on almost all app stores and has a presence across 40 countries through 80 mobile networks.
“Up to 90% of the games flop. Around 1% may see success, up to 6% do average business, while the rest eventually die,” adds Agarwal.
Another boost to the gaming ecosystem has come from Nasscom under its ‘10,000 startups’ programme, for which it has tied up with Game Tantra. All gaming companies that come to Nasscom for the programme will be funneled to Game Tantra. Software company AutoDesk has come forward with special pricing for Indian gaming companies for their products and are making some of the tools available on a subscription model to improve access to technology. “The gaming industry in India has now arrived at an inflection point with explosive growth,” says R Chandrashekhar, president, Nasscom, adding: “Gaming studios are growing at 40% in India and now employs close to 90,000 people.” As per Chandrashekhar, there are 200 gaming studios in India currently and the industry revenues are pegged at $230 million. “However, India is still at number 21 on the list, and the US at number one with gaming revenues pegged at $20 billion in the country. Apart from entertainment, gaming is now getting serious with ‘gamification’ of everything from education, training and healthcare to e-governance,” adds Chandrashekhar.
More from companies

Protests erupt against Israel s  Nation Stat...Huge protest erupts against Israel's 'Nation State' bill
AFP Nov 30, 2014, 02.57AM IST
Tags:
Benjamin Netanyahu
(A dog sits near signs that…)
JERUSALEM: Hundreds of leftwing Israelis have demonstrated in Jerusalem against a controversial draft law enshrining Israel's status as the Jewish national homeland.
The rally was organised by Israel's Peace Now settlement watchdog and held across the street from the residence of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , yesterday night.
Peace Now said the rally was "an opportunity to let the democratic camp's voice be heard" against the draft law, which embodied "nationalism, racism and aggression" threatening to "ruin our country."
As the demonstration got underway, police said that arsonists had torched an Arab-Jewish school in Jerusalem and scrawled racist anti-Arab slogans on its walls.
"Go home, release us from your oppressive, racist, extremist and inciting regime," MP Tamar Zandberg of the opposition Meretz party said at the demonstration.
Critics say the new bill - endorsed by the cabinet on Sunday - will come at the expense of democracy and institutionalise discrimination against minorities, including Arabs.
Netanyahu insists the law would balance Israel's Jewish and democratic characteristics.
Protesters held signs reading "we won't let you ruin the country" and "the nation-state law of the right-wing government is democracy for Jews only" in the crisp evening.
Police said approximately 800 people attended the demonstration.
Meanwhile firefighters extinguished the fire at the "Hand-in-Hand" school, a short distance from Netanyahu's residence.
Slogans such as "death to Arabs" and "no coexistence with cancer" had been scrawled on the walls of the Arab-Jewish school, police said.
Several Israeli officials condemned the arson attack. Education Minister Shai Piron described it as a "violent and despicable incident, which could undermine the foundations of Israeli democracy".
It is "a serious affront to the fabric of Jewish-Arab relations," he said in a statement.
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said: "We won't let pyromaniacs and radicals disrupt public order."
"We will continue to denounce extremists and do everything necessary to restore security," he said in a statement.
The school has been targeted with racist graffiti in the past, most recently during Israel's summer war with Hamas militants in Gaza.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Anti-Mubarak protesters denounce court rulingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Financial reforms on courseThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi s Aus & Fiji trips suggest keenness to play larger role in Asia-PacificAustralia
(Aspiration of becoming…)
The aspiration of becoming a power in Asia-Pacific or as some would say Indo-Pacific is not a new one as India has made quiet but sure moves in the last few years in this key region of the globe. Yet India could not make a splash and project its presence — not at least the way neighbouring China has been able to make inroads.
The trend, however, seems to be changing with Narendra Modi's recent trips to Australia and Fiji — the first by an Indian prime minister in three decades — signalling that Delhi is keen to share greater responsibility in the region. And his earlier trip to Japan combined with meetings with top Vietnamese leaders further reinforced that India is not shying away from expanding defence and security partnerships, hoping to bring stability and balance in the region amid China's growing ambitions and assertions that have been a matter of concern in various capitals.
Relations with Fiji, notwithstanding that 38% of its population is of Indian origin, were never part of mainstream Indian discourse. So when Modi announced he would visit Suva for a day to not only meet local leadership and civil society but also leaders of 13 other Pacific islands, it came as a surprise to a domestic audience as well as the international community, particularly major powers in the region. However, according to a senior Indian official this visit was in the pipeline and needed a political push which this government gave.
"After all, we have shared historical and cultural linkages besides the fact that both are members of the Commonwealth and are democracies. Fiji is the heart and hub of our outreach in the Pacific and playing a critical role in our space, security and exploration activities in the region. Strong ties with Fiji strengthen Delhi's partnership with other Pacific island states where we are keen to play the role of a catalyst in their nation building," the official explained to ET Magazine.
Chinese Checkers
There is no denying that cash-rich Beijing has been offering largesse to the Pacific island states, including creating port facilities in Fiji to safeguard its naval assets. Fiji's central location between Shanghai and Latin America works to Beijing's advantage. But what has gone largely unnoticed amid PM's Asia-Pacific outreach is that while Modi met 14 Pacific island states' leaders, Chinese president Xi Jinping who visited Suva on a similar mission two days later had a summit meeting with eight leaders of the region. A lesser known fact remains that the six Pacific island states which were not part of the summit with Xi recognise the Republic of China or Taiwan. The People's Republic of China or mainland China though has been trying to woo these states.
Officials in Delhi point out that India's strategy is just the opposite of China. "Instead of imposing ourselves on these Pacific states or any country, we offer support to the respective countries based on their requirements. And this is exactly what the PM did when he announced support for Pacific states during the summit, which was heartily welcomed," an official recalled. According to Tomohiko Taniguchi, special adviser to the Japanese Cabinet and a close aide of PM Shinzo Abe, India has always been responsible in providing security in the Indo-Pacific region. "Modi's visit to Fiji was a remarkable idea. Delhi should now be active in the Western Pacific arena.
India's strategic interests span from Andaman & Nicobar Islands, cover Malacca Straits and stretch all the way to the Pacific. An India-Japan-Australia-Indonesia partnership that builds trust in the region is desirable to hedge unilateral moves by China." Taniguchi alluded that India-US-Japan-Australia partnership is also desirable to provide stability in the region. Sources in the Indian government told ET Magazine that the much-desired Framework for Security Cooperation that was signed during Modi's Australia visit is a comprehensive document to maintain power balance in Asia.
Challenged by Beijing in the South China Sea region, Vietnam has also emerged a key pillar in the security architecture in the region. Hanoi's growing security and defence cooperation with Delhi is testimony to this fact. A senior security affairs analyst from the region told ET Magazine that China wants to project maritime power in the Indian Ocean region and is espousing expansionism and nationalism in East China Sea and South China Sea region. 'Under such circumstances it is imperative for India to expand its footprint in the ASEAN region and beyond and collaborate with Vietnam, Indonesia, Australia and Japan. Half of India's trade to West Pacific passes through South China Sea region. Delhi must pursue vibrant naval diplomacy in the region," the official explained.
Bringing the Region Closer
It may be noted that during the visit of Vietnamese PM Nguyen Tan Dung to India in October and later during Modi's statements at the East Asia Summit, India reiterated that freedom of navigation and overflight in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means in accordance with universally recognised principles of international law.
But it is not just hard power, Indian officials say Delhi is also making concerted efforts to bring the region closer through its soft power. "India has historical, civilisation and cultural linkages across the Asia-Pacific region. We are now presenting this soft power through its modern forms to draw the region closer," said a senior official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet the peace entrepreneur who lost family ...Meet Kia Scherr, a peace entrepreneur, whose husband & daughter were killed in 26/11 terror attacks
Nov 30, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
(Revenge isn’t a word in…)
By: Jyoti Pande Lavakare
What do you do when you are living a peaceful life as a modern meditation retreat presenter on a farm in rural Virgina with your family, and your husband and daughter go to India on a spiritual mission over Thanksgiving and are shot and killed by terrorists?
First, you try not to go insane with grief and rage. You turn to meditation to keep you strong through the horrific challenges you have to face to piece your life back together. You try and make sense of the tragedy, of the irony of your peace-loving family being shot by terror activists, of your life, or whatever is left of it. You try and understand the why of something that seems so senseless.
And then, if you're Kia Scherr, you turn into a peace entrepreneur. You join hands to co-found a global peace initiative that works to bring tools of peace to education, business and government. You learn about the Global Terrorism Index Institute Peace and you devote your life to promoting non-aggression in every aspect of community from extremist activity down to behaviour in daily interactions.
I met Scherr at a Goan Pub Crawl last week. The event is much more unique than it sounds, not just because it is run by two Brits, Sylvia and Greg Johnson, who have lived on and off in India for almost 18 years, but because it makes almost no money for anyone, is meant mainly for local expats (not for tourists), isn't advertised or marketed and yet refuses to die.
Out on a Mission
Scherr looked pensive. On that day — November 14 — exactly six years ago, Scherr had dropped off her husband Alan and daughter Naomi to the Dulles International airport after a happy breakfast of eggs, toast and a last cup of coffee, which she mentions in a moving haiku on her blog (see Tragedy in Verse).
Alan, an art professor turned-meditation-proponent and Naomi, their only daughter, homeschooled on a modern meditation sanctuary on the Blue Ridge mountains and readying to go away to a boarding school in New York, were excited about visiting India.
"I dropped them at Dulles. We hung out there together for awhile, reluctant to say goodbye too quickly. Our last words were 'I love you, see you in two weeks'!" says Scherr. That was the last time she saw them alive.
Scherr's calm when she speaks is almost unreal. She is willing to talk about her sorrow, her experiences in India, her work and her life — as long as it helps her mission of spreading peace.
And she has the ability to stare out of the window of the bus we're travelling in for long periods of utter, reflective quiet, right in the middle of a drunken pub crawl, of which she is a willing participant.
This is so much in alignment with her "Letter to a Terrorist," which was made into a short film with her reading the letter in which she says she feels "with each passing day, more alive than I have ever been".
The film was banned in Pakistan and threats were made to those who wanted to show it, says Scherr. Her story was also included in Nobel Peace Prize winner Desmond Tutu's latest book, The Book of Forgiving, which he wrote with his daughter.
Scherr has developed a foundation programme to increase individual and collective awareness of the benefits of cooperation.
"This establishes an operating system that will shift the way we teach, learn, do business and govern. It creates a new mindset based on respect, resulting in peace and tolerance in everyday life," she says.
She calls this her Pocketbook of Peace. Instead of taking refuge in revengeful feelings, Scherr tried to make sense of the senselessness of what had happened to her.
  "When I was in Washington DC last year, I took a class at the Embassy of Pakistan called Understanding Pakistan. Voice of America interviewed me at the beginning and the end of the three-week session. They said this would air all over Pakistan," she said.
"It was aired again this summer and I was contacted by a Pakistani educator who wanted to include the Pocketbook of Peace material into his program for teachers and students."
According to Scherr, acceptance is key. So although she was in Goa with friends at an event last week that could only be rambunctious and fun, she was also very aware of the approaching anniversary of the day she "lost her life", as she puts it.
"I am determined that my legacy from the loss of my life (which it was, to me) in India, is not to shun India. I have thought long and hard about why terrorism — and other forms of aggression even in every day life — happens. Clearly it is utopian to dream that I can change the world but small beginnings reach big ends," she said. This is from a mother whose daughter chose to come to India because she came across Mahatma Gandhi's saying "be the change you want to see".

PM Modi receives Guard of Honor in GuwahatiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deceitful marriage through website: Man sentenced to 7-yr jail forrapeBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:49 am
A married man, who deceitfully tied a knot with another woman through a matrimonial website, has been sentenced to seven years in jail by a Delhi court which held his second marriage “invalid” and said his physical relation with her “amounted to rape”.
Additional Sessions Judge Kaveri Baweja awarded the jail term to the man, a Delhi resident, while observing that he had a child from his first marriage. “The prosecutrix obviously gave her consent for physical relations with the accused believing that he is her lawfully
wedded husband and the accused also established physical relations with her knowing fully well that he was already married and this so­called marriage with her, was not a valid one,” the judge said.
The court said that consent of the victim to establish physical relation with the man, whom she married in 2009, was invalid as she was unaware of his first marriage. “The consent of the prosecutrix, in these circumstances, can certainly not said to be a valid consent… Consequently, the accused in these circumstances, is liable to be convicted for committing rape upon her punishable under section 376
(rape) of the IPC,” the judge said.
According to the prosecution, the woman’s father got her married to the accused after finding him on a matrimonial website in February 2009. She alleged that after around 10 days, the accused told her that he had been transferred to Pune and later stopped responding to her phone calls and threatened that she and her family members would be killed if they tried to find him, it said.
It also claimed that jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh and Rs 1.50 lakh cash, besides other articles were given to the accused as dowry. It was further alleged that the man had made several fake profiles on the matrimonial website. During the trial, he denied all the allegations and
claimed that he was falsely implicated by the woman and her father.

NGT verdict: Over 29 lakh vehicles set to go off DelhiroadsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:35 am | Updated: December 2, 2014 3:17 pm
More than 29 lakh vehicles will go off the capital’s roads following a National Green Tribunal order putting a ban on plying of vehicles older than 15 years, the Delhi government has said. Dismayed at the increasing level of air pollution in Delhi, the NGT had on November 26 barred all vehicles – private cars, bikes, commercial vehicles, buses and trucks – over 15 years old from plying in the capital.
“After the NGT’s order, we studied the number of vehicles which are over 15 years old and found that there are more than 29 lakh such vehicles, including over 8 lakh four-wheelers (including cars) and more than 20 lakh two-wheelers (bikes and scooters), plying across the national capital,” said a senior government official.
The official said NGT has called a meeting on December 2 and “we will put up the numbers of these vehicles there”. In this meeting, officials will also devise modalities for implementation of the green tribunal’s order. According to the government, there are several vehicles that are over 15 years old and have been issued five-year fitness extension. “We will also have to decide the fate of such vehicles… In Tuesday’s meeting, this matter will also be discussed,” he added.
PWD said the proposed flyover will help ease traffic congestion on RTR Marg. (Source: Express Archive)
The tribunal had on November 28 made it clear that the ban order will also apply to the buses owned and/or under contract with Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Punjab and all other states whose buses are coming to Delhi from the destination of their respective states. “As per the green court’s order, we will also have to make a strategy to ban the entry of private vehicles, which are more than 15 years old, but are coming from other states, in the national capital,” the official added.
In its order on November 26, a bench, headed by NGT chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar, had directed that wherever such vehicles of this age are noticed, the concerned authorities shall take appropriate steps in accordance with law including seizure of the vehicles. “It is undisputed and in fact unquestionable that the air pollution of NCT, Delhi, is getting worse with each passing day. It not only projects the very dismayed state of affairs existing with clear indication that worst is likely to follow…,” the bench had said.

Priyanka Chopra sends legal notice to spaownerBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:30 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:38 pm
Recently the media was abuzz with reports that spa owner Manik Soni’s outlet in Versova had been raided by cops for the alleged involvement in the flesh trade. Now we hear that Priyanka Chopra who owns the property that had been leased to Charisma Beauty Spa outlet has sent the owner Soni a legal notice.
The raid came after the police received a tip off saying that the spa was being used as a front to run a sex racket. Following the tip the police deployed a decoy to verify the charges. This resulted in a raid where three adult females were rescued and the manager Dinesh Chandrakant was arrested.
Though shaken, Priyanka Chopra has been unavailable for comment, however her mother who also runs a clinic on the same floor stated that they have sent a legal notice to Soni as well as have cancelled the lease for the spa.
Did not know my property was being misused, says Priyanka Chopra
Actress Priyanka Chopra has sent a notice asking her tenants, who have been accused of running a sex racket on her property in Mumbai rented to them, to vacate.
Police had busted the alleged flesh trade earlier this month on her property, which Priyanka had leased out to a spa owner.
“It was shocking and little unnerving for me… You give so many properties which you put on rent and you don’t know what people are doing in their homes. Like that, I didn’t know what they were doing, it was just a property which went on rent. Right now the police are investigating. I don’t have much knowledge of it but my lawyers are keeping a track of it,” the actress told PTI.
The 32-year-old star said she has already sent a notice to the accused, asking them to vacate the property.
“It is a matter under investigation. Whatever the police say we will abide by that. We have sent a legal notice already and they will have to vacate,” she said.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi bats for SMARTpolicingPrint
"By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained", Modi said while addressing the DGP's conference in Guwahati. (AP photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:58 am
Police personnel of modern times have to be ‘smart’ in the true sense of the term, with prime minister Narendra Modi on Sunday unveiling an acronym with the same letters, urging cops to be strict and sensitive, modern and mobile, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive, and finally trained and techno-savvy.
“Today’s police have to SMART, with each letter of the acronym having a definite and specific meaning. Only then will there be a new and big awakening among the huge police force that we have,” Modi said, addressing the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here . Sunday was the last day of the two-day conference held for the first time outside the national capital.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Assam. (Source: AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
Modi also asked the police force to lay more importance on intelligence, and said that there would be minimum need of arms and armed personnel if intelligence was good. “However sophisticated weapons and armed forces a nation may have, but the success in ensuring security to the people depends finally on quality intelligence,” the prime minister said.
The prime minister also lamented the poor image police have got in the media, and particularly in the most popular medium of cinema, and even suggested asking film producers to produce films where the image of the police was projected in a positive way. Chief ministers of eight Northeastern states barring Manipur were also present in the function.
I have a concept of Smart Police in my mind : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
“Films show police in such poor light that the people of the country have developed a very negative image of the police force. I would suggest that the government hire a PR firm and hold a meeting with producers to request projecting the positive rather than the negative image of the police,” Modi said.
Through you a lot of good things are happening in the nation. Why can’t positive stories be put on a website : PM @narendramodi to officers
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He however admitted that police too have certain shortcomings. “There are shortcomings, but there are also ways of removing those shortcomings. One negative news about police run for long time, but hundreds of good things about the police never get the focus,” the prime minister lamented.
The thinking of the people on our police force and change and this can be done through ground realities : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He also suggested creation of a website for each police station and said these should upload at least one positive story about the police station every week. There are lakhs of acts our police have done which have increased faith of individuals on the police. Why don’t we project them? These will not only boost police morale but also help raise trust and faith in the police,” the prime minister said.
Police welfare is another issue. An officer may be very good but it’s important that his/her family is well : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
Pointing out that over 33,000 police personnel have laid down their lives for the country and the people since independence, Modi also called for documentation of their stories. “Sacrifice of these 33,000 brave and dedicated police personnel should not go in vain. They were also sons of mothers who died for the country. I would suggest we collate the stories of each of these martyrs, and develop textbooks for use in training of police personnel in their respective state academies. These will inspire our new recruits. An e-book can also be developed with these stories uploaded in all the languages of our country,” Modi said.

Assault on media at Rampal ashram: PCI appoints panel to begininvestigationBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:45 am
A PCI-appointed panel looking into the journalists assault issue outside ‘godman’ Rampal’s ashram has observed that Haryana Police employed “unconstitutional” tactics to prevent media from doing its duty and recommended investigation by administrative officers into the episode.
In its report submitted to PCI, the four-member committee is learnt to have said that police and local administration failed to rise to the situation and resorted to “brute force” against media persons doing their duty.
“This showed lack of training and discipline, and a complete disregard to human rights,” the committee said.
Clashes between police and Sant Rampal supporters in Bharwala in Hisar. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Several media personnel were among those injured on November 18 as clashes erupted at Rampal’s ashram in Barwala in Hisar district with police lobbing teargas shells and using batons to disperse his supporters.
The PCI had set up the committee comprising Sondeep Shankar (Convenor) and Kosuri Amarnath, Rajeev Ranjan Nag and Krishna Prasad (all members) to probe the incident.
In its recommendations, the committee has sought investigation by administrative officers in to the incident and compensation for injured media persons as well as for those whose equipment was damaged during the incident.
The Police has to resort to lathicharge to disperse Rampal’s supporters who allegedly fired back. (Source: IE photo by Praveen Khanna)
It also sought identification and suspension of the policemen responsible for the attack on media persons and fast tracking their cases. The panel also said that false cases foisted on media persons should be withdrawn immediately.
The panel observed that TV channels were airing disturbing visuals of people injured in the police action being dragged out of the operational area by policemen in a most inhuman manner.
“Haryana Police employed unconstitutional and inhuman tactics to prevent the media from discharging its duties,” the panel added.
The committee said the assault on media personnel and equipment amounts to a “prima facie violation of fundamental freedom guaranteed to the media under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution”.
Rampal being taken into police custody.
After speaking to media persons who were on the spot in Hisar, the panel noted that it appeared that it was a very well coordinated and well-timed attack on media persons.
The report said that it took just 30 minutes for police to clear the operational area of media persons continued…

EPFO to help UIDAI registrar enrol its subsc...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO to become UIDAI registrar to enrol its subscribers
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 10.48AM IST
Tags:
Aadhar
(EPFO has decided to become…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO has decided to become a registrar of the Unique Identification Authority of India to facilitate enrolment of its subscribers who don't have Aadhaar numbers.
The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) wants to seed over 4.2 crore portable Universal PF Account Numbers issued by it, with the Aadhaar number of subscribers.
EPFO wants of leverage its over 120 field offices for the seeding of Aadhaar numbers with UAN to facilitate the body in improving delivery of services to subscribers on real time basis which includes online settlement of PF claims.
In order to deliberate upon the strategy to seed more Aadhaar numbers in UAN database, a meeting was held between EPFO and UIDAI in the presence of UIDAI's Director General & Mission Director Vijay S Madan and EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner K K Jalan.
"During the meeting, it was decided that EPFO should sign up as registrar to enrol EPF members, who do not have an Aadhaar number to facilitate the enrolment process for such members," an office circular said.
It was noted during the meeting that under UAN programme, the seeding of Aadhaar number in the UAN database is very low. At present for 4.2 crore UANs issued by EPFO, only around 42 lakh Aadhaar numbers of members have been uploaded and about 21 lakh Aadhaar numbers of members have been digitally verified by the employers.
It was also decided that till the process for EPFO to become Registrar and engagement of Enrolment agencies is completed, the field offices of UIDAI would facilitate setting up of enrolment camps at all the offices of EPFO coming under their jurisdiction immediately.
The availability of an enrolment camp at each of its field office would facilitate the EPF members to enrol conveniently at these camps, as per the circular.
EPFO has planned to launch a facility of submitting online application for settlement of PF withdrawal claims next month.
The facility, however, would be available to all those members whose PF account is seeded with Aadhaar number as biometric details would help to facilitate the big financial transactions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Malappuram schools put up a good show at State School Science FestUpdated: November 30, 2014 11:24 IST
Malappuram schools put up a good show at State School Science Fest
Abdul Latheef Naha
Tweet
The Hindu
Students from GVHSS, Nadavaramba, Thrissur, with their dry-flower arrangement at the State School Science Fest at Tirur on Saturday.
The Hindu
Students of Malappuram schools queuing up outside Government Boys’ Higher Secondary School, Tirur, to view a science exhibition as part of the fair.
Kozhikode tops Work Experience Fair; Thrissur lifts trophy at Social Science Fair
Malappuram district lifted the overall championship in the State School Science Fest when the competitions closed on Saturday.
Malappuram district scored 154 points in the science fair when Kannur district became the runner-up with 150 points. Kozhikode was in the third position.
When Malappuram topped in high school and higher secondary categories, Kannur and Kozhikode bagged the first two positions in the upper primary category.
In the Work Experience Fair, Kozhikode bagged the overall championship by scoring 21,967 points. Malappuram got the second position (21,421 points) when Kannur and Palakkad were pushed to the third and fourth positions.
In the Social Science Fair, Thrissur district bagged the overall championship by scoring 147 points when Malappuram and Kozhikode districts got the second and third positions. In the Mathematics Fair, Kannur lifted the overall championship with 301 points when Malappuram and Kozhikode bagged the second and third positions respectively. Malappuram district became the overall champion in IT Fair by scoring 100 points. Kozhikode was in the second position with 91 points and Palakkad came third with 87 points. Kasaragod scored 80 points.
A career festival pulled in a large crowd on Saturday. C. Mammootty, MLA, inaugurated the festival.
Students and teachers from schools across the district thronged the Science Fest venues in and around Tirur from Saturday morning. Many schools complained that they did not get a chance to view the display of scientific talents from across the State.
When Thursday and Friday were exclusively kept aside for competitions in various items and categories, Saturday was given for display. Many schools from distant places that produced interesting working and still models had already left the venue.
There will be a vocational expo on Sunday.
Minister for Tourism A.P. Anil Kumar will inaugurate the valedictory session on Sunday evening.

Indian Oil eyes West coast for new refinery projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Companies raise Rs 5 000 crore via rights issueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tata Power may not source coal from Indonesia for MundraThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sonia Gandhi criticises BJP for favouring capitalists over massesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cyber Monday 2014: 10 Best Deals Online and What to Avoid BuyingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

There is no fundamental value in shree hari52 Followers
Reposted about 16 days 8 hrs 25 min 50 sec ago by sbkjrf123
Dear NW Bro!! You are right! It is very difficult to do TA on stocks that are thinly traded, move in circuits and can be easily manipulated.. It is better to avoid unless there is fundamental value in these stocks!
As far as Shree Hari Chem is concerned, I would like to let everyone know that it produces H Acid! The product wasin great demand last year and the other major competitor to India was China in this product.. However, producing H Acid has many concerns of which one of the concern in pollution and environment depletion.. Majority of the factories in China had shut down last year.. Prices increased from 400 to 4000 in a year and Indian companies like Shree Hari Chem, Bhageria Dyechem, Bodal Chemicals made a killing of a profit.. Profits that they havent seen in past many years put together.. Result? EPS increased by unimaginable amount.. However, in this year looking at the prices, Chinese factories have again started production of H Acid and prices have dropped back to 400-500 levels.. The drop in prices has been very rapid too.. many retail investors have got into these stocks as they see value which is not there anymore and we are back to square 1... Big investors who had loaded these stocks and made them reach new levels are out in the market to sell them and make profits now and trap retail investors once again.. At all UCs, these investors are selling! Advise caution!
Regards,

There is apparently no bad news about fsl. mere fluctuation in share p...Platinum Member
18 Followers
There is apparently no bad news about FSL. Mere fluctuation in share price should not be allowed to interfere much with the decision of an investor.
11.29 AM Nov 30th

That itself donnot make case for investment. bodal like many others ar...Platinum Member
946 Followers
Dear Friends, Bodal looking very attractive for a big upmove. Has now corrected much more than Bhageria or Shree Hari, that too needlessly.  Looking cheapest of the 3 now without doubt. Buy at 31 for April target of 84-125 band. Also note, still some time bound correction left in Bhageria & Shree hari. Bodal looks clearly the best bet now. One can add Bhageria at 90s and Shree Hari at 80s. At cmp, Bodal is a screaming buy. Best Regards

Enjoying this holiday with chicken and whiskyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kolte-Patil to Start Marketing NOW Realty s Pune projectAlstom T&D India Bags Rs 151 Crore Order From Rajasthan
Pune-based real estate developer will start marketing its first development management project this week, the company told NDTV on Thursday. The residential project is a joint venture between Kolte-Patil and NOW Realty.
The project, on which construction has already commenced, will offer 6 lakh square feet of saleable development area. As per the agreement, Kolte-Patil will lend its brand '24K' to the project and jointly collaborate with NOW Realty to oversee all aspects of the project lifecycle including project conceptualisation and execution, product design, sales, marketing, project infrastructure and residential development and handover, the company had said earlier.
In return, the company will receive a development management fee and all costs would be borne by the project.
"The project comprises of four buildings right now, which is around 6 lakh square feet and we are hoping to launch at the price range of around (Rs) 7,500 (per) square feet. We will be launching it in the next couple of days," Nirmal Kolte, project director, Kolte-Patil Developers said. ( Watch video )
Separately, Kolte-Patil has tied up with European group Porcelanosa for the former's luxury project in Pune called 24K Province. Porcelanosa specialises in porcelain and ceramics fittings. 24K Province has five residential and two commercial projects.
"Currently we have three 24K projects which are complete and we have six more in the pipeline, so 24K Province will again have three more which we will be launching in the next one or two months which will be having all the fitments from Porcelanosa," Mr Kolte said.
The price range starts from Rs 6750 per square feet and it goes to around Rs 9,000 per square feet, he said. "Three different projects, three different price lines, so they all will vary according to the sizes as well," he added.
Kolte-Patil believes there is market for such luxury real estate projects.
"There is a demand for such products because all the clients and consumers we are catering to are very well-travelled and they know about the brand as well," Mr Kolte said.
At 12:33 pm, the stock was down  nearly 3 per cent down at Rs 200.35 on the BSE, underperforming the BSE Realty index, which was in the green.
(With inputs from PTI)

As the shale dream fades  Indias guar growers chase newmarketsGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
Sitting in his village in the desert state of Rajasthan, Sehdev Bishnoi worries that oil firms a world away in the United States will buy less of his guar in future, ending a short-lived boom that helped him and other Indian farmers out of poverty.
Food firms are also buyers and the sector is likely to take more this year as traders scout out new markets, but it will be hard to match the impact made by oil industry demand in recent years.
Drillers use the gum derived from guar, also known as cluster beans, for hydraulic fracturing and many poor farmers switched crops to ride the U.S. shale boom.
Guar gum exports had been ticking along at around 200,000 tonnes a year until 2009/10, but as U.S. frackers stocked up, shipments jumped to a record of about 700,000 tonnes in the financial year to March 2012. Prices jumped tenfold.
India was in an enviable position, with around 80 percent of the guar market. Its guar seed output has almost tripled in the past three years to 3 million tonnes.
However, its crop can be unreliable due to swings in monsoon rains, and oilfield service firms such as Halliburton  started developing more reliable alternatives, with predictable results: guar seed prices have slumped 47 percent to 4,900 rupees ($79.112) per 100 kg since May 2013.
“I’ll make a loss at these prices because production costs have gone up but prices are so low,” said Bishnoi, whose state produces about 80 percent of India’s guar seed output.
A collapse in oil prices to four-year lows has added to the anguish.
“This is worrying everyone. Below $75 per barrel it’s not profitable for the fracking companies to continue operations,” said B.D. Agarwal, managing director of Vikas WSP, an  exporter of guar gum in Rajasthan.
No wonder that Indian farmers and traders are scrambling to find other markets, with the food industry the best bet.
At the moment, about 60 percent of the flour-like gum obtained after milling guar is used in shale drilling to raise the viscosity of proppants, materials that are forced into shale fractures to enlarge them so that oil and gas can be extracted.
The food industry is already the second-biggest buyer. Guar gum acts as a stabiliser in sauces and noodles and prevents the formation of ice crystals in frozen desserts such as ice cream.
Guar is also used by the textile industry as a thickening agent for printing dyes and its by-products are used as high-protein cattle feed. It takes 3 kg of guar seeds to make 1 kg of guar gum.
Traders are hoping the drop in prices will encourage more food firms to pick up guar gum rather than alternatives such as locust bean gum, derived from the seeds of the carob tree.
“Demand from oil firms has come down due to rising use of alternatives such as slickwater and other things, but inquiries from food companies have improved at lower prices,” said Purshottam Hissaria, an exporter in Rajasthan’s Jodhpur city.
Guar gum consumption by food companies in the fiscal year to March is likely to rise 13 percent to 35,000 tonnes, said Sohan Jain, an exporter of food-grade gum mainly to Europe.
With the food industry taking up some of the slack from the oil sector, albeit at much lower prices, India’s guar gum exports this fiscal year may be slightly higher than the 475,000 tonnes shipped last year, Hissaria said.
Even so, farmers such as Bishnoi are considering their options.
“Guar has not remained as profitable as it was a few years ago,” he said. “Next year I will sow some other crop.”
TAGS: Guar Gum
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

At a $1.6-trillion high  BSE cements place in worlds top-10 stock marketlistSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Leading bourse Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) today cemented its position among the ten largest exchanges of the world in terms of total market capitalisation of listed firms, after hitting a milestone of Rs 100 lakh crore for the first time.
The BSE ranks at 10th position globally with a market cap of over $1.6 trillion, crossing Rs 100-trillion mark in the rupee terms for the first time ever. It is the largest exchange in the world in terms of number of listed companies.
Another Indian bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE) ranks 11th in terms of market capitalisation of its listed companies, as the number of firms on its platform is lower than that of the BSE.
The leading US bourse NYSE is on the top with a total market cap of $19.1 trillion, as per the latest data from World Federation of Exchange (WFE) as on October 31, 2014.
It is followed by Nasdaq OMX, Japan Exchange Group of Tokyo, Euronext and Hong Kong Exchanges in the top five. Others ranked higher than BSE include Shanghai Stock Exchange of China, TMX Group of Canada, Shenzhen Stock Exchange of China and Deutsche Boerse of Germany at 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th positions, respectively.
The BSE, whose market capitalisation has grown by over $500 billion since the beginning of this year, ranks higher than exchanges like SIX Swiss Exchange, Australian Stock Exchange, Korea Exchange, BME Spanish Exchanges and Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange, among large global exchanges.
The stock exchange also ranks among the top ten global bourses in terms of number of equity trades. The BSE recorded 32.39 crore equity trades between January and October, this year, making it the eighth largest exchange in the world in this category.
As many as 5,527 companies are listed on the BSE and the number of registered investors stands at 2.66 crore.
TAGS: Bombay Stock Exchange BSE India National Stock Exchange
More from indianmarkets

Markets sprint to lifetime highs on rate cut hopesYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
Market sprints to life high on expectations of interest rate cut by RBI
ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
BNP Paribas
(BSE Sensex surged to…)
MUMBAI: Benchmark indices BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty closed at record highs on Friday, buoyed by optimism that the sharp drop in crude oil prices and slower economic growth may prompt the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to hasten interest rate cuts.
BSE Sensex surged to 28,822 in intra-day trade before closing at 28,693 points, up 255 points or 0.90%, while NSE Nifty rallied 94 points or 1.11% to end at 8,588 points, crossing the psychological level of 8,500. Total market cap of stocks listed on BSE touched Rs 100 lakh crore on Friday.
Market participants are betting on sooner than expected interest rate cut after Brent crude prices tumbled to a 4-½ year low at $72.50 a barrel as OPEC members decided against reducing output. Meanwhile, finance minister is expected to meet RBI Governor on Monday.
"OPEC's decision to maintain supply has led to sharp correction in Brent crude prices, which is positive for importers like India and China. This increases the possibility of interest rate cut -- if not on December 2 policy meet, then very soon," said Vinod Nair, head fundamental research at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
India imports 75-80% energy requirements to drive its economy while crude oil accounts for nearly 40% of the import bill. "Expectations of a dovish move by RBI have increased, and this has positively impacted banking stocks. The risk appetite in markets has come back as several mid-caps rose steeply on Friday. Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI monetary policy meeting next week," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought a net amount of Rs 935 crore on Friday, according to provisional stock exchange data. However, domestic institutional investors sold stocks worth Rs 439 crore. Some of the traders built long positions on hopes of a better than expected GDP growth for the quarter ended September. The data, announced after market hours, was 5.3% - a shade higher than most analysts' forecast of 5%. "Bull markets can take you to higher levels of exuberance and optimism more than what one can justify. If you ask analysts, they will say valuations are in the range of 17-18 times or higher, which is not extraordinary from the view of India's growth potential," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
Oil marketing companies and airliners were among the biggest gainers on Friday. State-owned HPCL surged 8.93% to Rs 596 while BPCL gained 3.58% to Rs 745 on expectations of easing subsidy burden from falling crude prices. Among airline companies, Jet Airways jumped as much as 20% toRs 322 while SpiceJet rallied 18.36% to Rs 18 on expectations that lower jet fuel prices will aid profitability. PSU lenders such as Punjab National Bank surged 7.92% toRs 1,076 while Bank of Baroda rose 7.23% to Rs 1,088 on reports that the government is planning to raise funds by reducing its stakes in state-owned banks to 52%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mockingjay Part 1 review: Hungry for more after this Hunger Games sequelThe Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Liam Hemsworth, Josh Hutcherson, Julianne Moore, Donald Sutherland
Director: Francis Lawrence
Rating: 3.5/5
The greedy suits have gone ahead and wrecked our cinematic experience once again. Where we could have had a cracker of an end to the Hunger Games franchise, what we get is half a novel, which, as expected, has more pauses than action, more waiting than doing.
Those people in the corporate office would be happy. They did it to Harry Potter, they did it to Twilight and now they have done it to this Suzanne Collins' dystopian bestseller. So, they get profits twice over where there would have been just one. Does it help the viewer? No. Should you give up on Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I? No, again.
That's because a revolution is happening and we should consider this film as a behind-the-scenes look at what goes into it. After the Quarter Quell, Lawrence's Katniss Everdeen is now living in the subterranean District 13. Kind of a sci-fi Sparta that is preparing to go to war with Capitol, it is ruled by President Alma Coin (Juliane Moore).
A perfect foil to autocrat President Snow (Donald Sutherland), she is tough and direct, and brings a certain urgency to her performance. Now, here's a woman we would like to see as Everdeen's ally in the climactic battle which is fast approaching (to be precise, next year when Mockingjay Part 2 comes out).
Wrecked by nightmares and without Peeta Mellark (Josh Hutcherson), who is a prisoner of Snow, Katniss is hardly the symbol of revolution people want her to be.
With her friend and ally Gale (Liam Hemsworth) by her side, Katniss gradually realises that being the Mockingjay is her destiny. More of a figurehead at this point of time, her job is to be the star of propaganda videos which are the handiwork of Phillip Seymour Hoffman's Plutarch Heavensbee.
As her team (Elizabeth Banks as wig-less Effie Trinket and Woody Harrelson as a sober Haymitch Abernathy) gets to work, the first few attempts of this transformation are the only time you will hear some laughs in the theatre.
The aim is to make her the "best looking" rebel in history. Suffice to say, it doesn't end well. That's when she steps on to real ground zero where common people, inspired by her, are taking on the Capitol. Lawrence, who has grown exponentially as an actor ever since the first movie, brings a rare mix of innocence, vulnerability and determination to her performance.
We don't get to see much of her skills as an archer in this one but it is the play of emotions with which she has us spellbound. Hoffman, who died during the shooting of this film, plays his role of a master manipulator with elan and pizzazz. He brings heart to the role and some mischief as well. Here's how he 'sells' the idea of Mockingjay to President Coin, "She is our girl on fire, she is the fuel of revolution, she is the lightening rod." Oh, ok.
Even though there are no actual hunger games in this one, there are moments of adventure and action that will satisfy you. The climax packs a punch and sets the tone for the war which is about to happen. Full marks to director Francis Lawrence for making us smell and taste the violence which the final film will unleash. Only, the wait till then is killing.
Damn you, suits! 
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1This film is based on a sci-fi novel by Suzanne Collins, which got published in 2010. It is the third installment in The Hunger Games film series, which is set in a dystopian world where youngsters are forced to fight each other to death. The film stars actors Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Donald Sutherland, Woody Harrelson and Philip Seymour Hoffman. This will be Hoffman’s last screen appearance, as he died in February this year after a drug overdose.

Sebi Fines 6 Merchant Banks for Disclosure Lapses in CARE IPOYou are here: Home Corporates
Sebi Fines 6 Merchant Banks for Disclosure Lapses in CARE IPO
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 28, 2014 20:14 (IST)
Alstom T&D India Bags Rs 151 Crore Order From Rajasthan
Mumbai: In a major clampdown for "suppression of material facts" in IPO documents, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Friday penalised merchant banking arms of State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, IDBI Bank, DSP Merrill Lynch and Edelweiss groups for lapses during the public offer of rating agency CARE two years ago.
The six merchant banks have been asked to pay a fine of Rs 1 crore - the maximum penalty applicable for violation of disclosure related norms in IPO documents - within 45 days.
Taking a strong view about the violation of Sebi norms as also the Code of Conduct for merchant banks and book-running lead managers (BRLMs) for public issues, Sebi said in its 86-page order, "While making disclosures in the Red Herring Prospectus, the BRLMs cannot pick and choose some material facts that they prefer to disclose and suppress some material facts."
"If material facts are suppressed or distorted as in the extant case, the very safety and integrity of the securities market would become a cause of concern for the regulators and the investors."
The IPO came in December 2012, prior to which these six bankers had filed a Red Herring Prospectus for the public issue involving sale of nearly 72 lakh shares.
In this case, the bankers had made disclosure of one of the conditions under the FDI route in the RHP, terming it as "a material disclosure" because CARE had specifically sought such approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
At the same time, they omitted the disclosure of another condition applicable to the Offer under the FDI route (though the compliance of the same was specifically directed by the RBI while granting exemption to non-resident investors participating in the offer) by unilaterally assuming the non-applicability of the said condition.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 16:51 (IST)

How OPEC output means a windfall for IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
OPEC move to hold output augurs well for Indian economy
Ashutosh R Shyam, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(With OPEC, a group of 12 oil…)
With OPEC , a group of 12 oil producing nations, deciding to refrain from lowering output, crude oil prices have crashed 40% from June 2014 levels.
The move augurs well for the Indian economy as it imports nearly 80% of its crude. It's also expected to improve profitability of companies which use crude oil or its derivatives as their raw materials.
According to a Nomura broker, with every $10/bbl decline in oil prices, India's GDP will edge up 0.1% and lower the wholesale price index by 0.5%. It will also reduce the fiscal deficit by 0.1% and the current account deficit by 0.5% of GDP.
Profitability of oil-marketing companies like HPCL , BPCL and IOC will improve as dependence on subsidy will be less. This will bring down working capital loans and also better marketing margins of these companies.
Auto companies, too, stand to benefit. Historically, lower cost of vehicle ownership leads to higher volume growth. The Street is betting that Maruti Suzuki is best placed to reap the benefit of a lower fuel price.
Lubricant makers like Castrol India, Gulf Oil, Savita and Apar Industries will gain as raw material cost accounts for nearly 60-65% of sales and is linked to crude oil prices. But since lube is mostly a retail item, a drop in raw material costs is often not passed on to consumers.
Similarly, paints companies, where crude oil and its derivatives constitute about 30-40% of their total raw material costs, will reap dividends.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OPEC vs Shale: The big debateoil
(For the week, Brent crude…)
OPEC did nothing about the slump in oil prices on Thursday — and crude tumbled once again, hitting its lowest in three years.
For the week, Brent crude has plunged by about 10%. Oil, which had fallen from a peak of $115 in June to about $78 just before the OPEC meeting, fell below $72.
A lot has changed for OPEC, which could quadruple oil prices in the seventies, forcing the mighty US to ration petrol sales, take urgent steps to become more energy efficient and do what it could to enhance energy security.
Ironically, it is the booming output of US — and specifically shale oil — that has rattled OPEC. The global oil equation is changing, and for countries like India that are big importers, things couldn't be better.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can OPEC persuade RBI s Rajan to cut ratesYou are here: Home > Collections
Can sliding oil prices help change RBI governor Raghuram Rajan's mind on cutting rates?
MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 10.51AM IST
Tags:
gdp
MUMBAI: Can OPEC succeed where two finance ministers and years of corporate lobbying could not — persuade RBI to cut rates?
The Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided not to impose any limits on the amount of crude being pumped despite a 38% crash in prices as it sought to combat shale oil, sending prices sliding even further. However, the consensus forecast is still that RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan will hold the repo rate at 8% when he announces the monetary policy on Tuesday. But the consensus doesn't necessarily have to be correct, especially in a rapidly evolving situation.
Forget about the CPI reading in October, or even the second-quarter GDP growth number. That's not what will determine whether an interest rate cut is around the corner. Instead, it's the inflation forecast for early 2016 by a group of economists in executive director Michael Patra's team.
So these are the odds to be watched. What are the chances of RBI economists forecasting 6% retail inflation by January 2016 and easing after that? Pretty high. This will be in contrast with the forecast of 7% by March 2016 made on September 30 but based on the assumption that crude will be at $100 a barrel. Six of the seven assumptions of the RBI argue for a lower inflation forecast. Only the rupee has bucked the trend — it's depreciated below the assumed 60 to the dollar.
"If we were to compare the RBI's inflation projection chart and the actual inflation trend, it would indicate that the current inflation is already 1.5 per centage point lower than the RBI's projection,'' said Morgan Stanley's Chetan Ahya. "After 1Q 2015, we expect CPI inflation to decelerate to 6% by April 2015 on a sustainable basis," much ahead of RBI's January 2016 target. To be sure, at the heart of the debate is not whether CPI-measured inflation has fallen below the January 2016 target of 6%, but whether it will remain so beyond that date and move toward 4% after that, in line with the glide path indicated by the Urjit Patel committee. With the central bank's model unlikely to throw up something dramatically different from what private economists are forecasting, how would the man who frowns at any comparison with celebrated inflation warrior Paul Volcker react?
When his target of 8% for 2015 looked achievable, Rajan said he wasn't in the mood to party since his mind is on the 6% target for 2016. With even the 6% looking achievable, assuming prices do not reverse quickly, what will Rajan do? In fact, he indicated in August what his course of action could be. "If early next year, given all that has happened, given government actions, if we think inflation will hit 6% before 2016, and stay that way, then we have room to cut rates even if at this point itself inflation has come down but is still above 6%," Rajan had said. "It is not that we have to touch 6% to cut interest rates but have to project 6% to cut rates."
  Regardless of timing, an interest rate cut is a given — it's reflected in the fall in the yields of benchmark government bonds which have slid 106 basis points from their peak this year to 8.06%. A basis point is 0.01 per centage point. Even the many who were forecasting a cut after April next year are beginning to advance their expectation of when this could happen.
"Timing is a judgment call," said A Prasanna, economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd. "I can't say that the chance of a rate cut now is zero per cent."
Of course, monetary policy decisions are not just influenced by economic models, but judgment calls on how the economy is likely to behave. To be sure, household inflation expectations are still high at more than 15%. Information on the enhancement of supplies of protein-rich products, an item that pushed up CPI, is flaky. Positive real interest rates need to sustain for a longer term if an economic revival is to be supported by domestic savings.
The consensus that Rajan will hold rates arises from his statements that he doesn't want to repeat the mistake of reducing rates early and then reversing equally quickly when inflation turns.
Manufacturing prices won't surge given that input prices have eased substantially and that producers have not much pricing power given that demand is also weak. Can crude oil prices reverse their slide? Will food prices jump?
International analysts are forecasting another 10-15% fall in crude oil prices. Even if this reverses, it's unlikely to race back to $100 a barrel anytime soon, given weak growth in Europe, Japan as well as China. The US recovery can be fed by shale oil.
Internally, the government is on its way to achieving its fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP this year. Fuel prices have been decontrolled. Farm prices are climbing slower than in the past with minimum support prices being raised about 5% instead of the double digits that were the norm during the Manmohan Singh government. Furthermore, food prices are easing with the government reducing its stockpile. Although Rajan may hold rates until evidence accumulates about low inflation levels sustaining, some are praying that he springs a surprise. So will he?
This is what he said on September 4, 2013, as he took over as governor: "Reserve Bank of India should be a beacon of stability as to its objectives. That is not to say we will never surprise markets with actions. A central bank should never say 'never'!
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dalmiya frontrunner to replace N Srinivasan as BCCI presidentJagmohan Dalmiya frontrunner to replace N Srinivasan as BCCI president
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The name likely to be proposed…)
NEW DELHI: After a series of adverse observations by the Supreme Court , Board of Control for Cricket in India members have started to look for an alternative to president-in-exile N Srinivasan as they feel his position may become untenable. The name likely to be proposed for BCCI president is that of Cricket Association of Bengal chief Jagmohan Dalmiya , who till recently was known to be backing Srinivasan, seeing it's east zone's turn to nominate a president, said a senior BCCI member. "Dalmiya might return for some peace in BCCI," said the member, not wishing to be named.
Discussions around finding an alternative have already begun and it is likely some senior BCCI members, including finance minister Arun Jaitley , could soon try to convince Srinivasan to step aside while continuing as chairman of International Cricket Council . "This will also keep away any further talk about conflict of interest," said another member.
Dalmiya, also a former BCCI president, declined comment. The BCCI annual general meeting is scheduled for December 17.
"Many of us see him (Srinivasan) as a liability today. Even after such observations by Supreme Court, if we continue to back him, it will reflect badly on us," he said.
The first BCCI member quoted above said political acceptance matters most. "BJP has close to 11 of the total 31 votes and will need another five to six to cross the line. If that happens, BJP will have the say and people like Sharad Pawar or Shashank Manohar might not get a chance," the member said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will Indian cricket finally be rescuedNovember 29, 2014, 3:40 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India , Sports | ET
5
By Boria Majumdar
With the Supreme Court demanding transparency and accountability in the functioning of the BCCI and pushing them towards implementing the principles of probity and propriety in public life, chances are we will finally see a revamp from within the echelons of the board. However, by simply removing N Srinivasan, Sundar Raman and the others mentioned in the Mudgal Report, efficiency and professionalism can hardly be achieved.
If Srinivasan is guilty of trying to hold on to his position to the detriment of the sport, other BCCI members are equally culpable for having allowed him to do so.
Indian cricket needs real cleansing and that can only be achieved if the court decides to direct and not just observe.
Whoever takes over as BCCI chief on December 17 will have his task cut out. What will he do with teams like Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals? What about Sundar Raman and the IPL governing council? What about Srinivasan’s role in the ICC where he serves as a representative of the BCCI? Also, what about Mahendra Singh Dhoni as the captain of India just months before the World Cup?
What about the players whose names are yet to be made public but some of whom may well have indulged in wrongdoing? While conflict of interest isn’t a criminal offence in India, it certainly merits administrative action. In Dhoni’s case, what will such action amount to? Will he be censured and rebuked or will there be more?
In trying to clean up the rot in Indian cricket and restore the faith of fans, a constituency that continues to be neglected by the BCCI, all of this and more will be required from the BCCI’s new dispensation. The question is: can it do it? Will they have the intent to bring about real change? Can the very same BCCI members who have remained silent in the course of the last 18 months take up the cudgels for cricket in a post-Srinivasan scenario? Just by sidelining Srinivasan, how much of cleansing can actually be achieved?
The best thing to have happened is the serious interest the court has taken in trying to get to the root of the problem. Conflict of interest was not part of the Mudgal Commission’s terms of reference.
Yet, it has become the central issue in the recent deliberations of the Supreme Court. And the moment issues of good governance start to be debated in a public forum, the BCCI finds itself on a sticky wicket.
Having remained feudal in its functioning for the longest time and having ignored the principles of good governance, it has few answers to the probing questions being asked by the Supreme Court. In fact, for the first time in years, thanks to the apex court, governance issues have assumed centre stage.
The other issue being debated is whether CSK be disqualified or suspended for a few years. If either happens, there’s little doubt Rajasthan Royals will also have to go. Where does that leave brand IPL? Can there be a scenario where India Cements is asked to give up on CSK to protect the interests of the players and that of the brand? Isn’t it about the players in the first place? And the only way players’ interests can be protected is by taking away the management of the team from India Cements and have a new ownership structure in place.
It is important to remember that no order has yet been passed in the case. All that we have so far are scathing observations. But aren’t these observations indication enough for the BCCI to act? Isn’t the apex court giving the BCCI one final opportunity to try and get its house in order?
If the BCCI does not see the writing on the wall, chances are the court will force its hand. That will further damage the credibility of the institution entrusted with looking after India’s only secular religion. Whether Srinivasan stays in power or not, whether there is real cleansing or not, whether Sundar Raman has to give way or not, Indian cricket has already lost this match by an innings and more.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Oil market reveals its wild side again; more volatility aheadOil market reveals its wild side again; more volatility ahead?
Reuters Nov 29, 2014, 02.55AM IST
Tags:
oil market
(The sharp drop on Thursday…)
Following OPEC's decision on Thursday to leave production unchanged, Brent crude futures experienced the first three-standard deviation down-move since the flash crash of May 2011 and before that the depths of the recession in March 2009. With US markets and financial institutions closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, limited liquidity probably exaggerated the scale of the move.
It was nonetheless indicative of the tremendous uncertainty around the market about how OPEC's members would handle a lose-lose situation: Cut production and risk losing more market share to shale, or leave output unchanged and face a further decline in prices.
In the event, the organisation opted to defend market share, causing prices to fall abruptly as traders absorbed the strategy's implications. It is important not to read too much into a single day's move.
The sharp drop on Thursday could signal a one-off adjustment to a reduced price level, with volatility then returning to a low level. Or it could signal the start of a prolonged period of greater uncertainty and volatility. Daily price movements in oil and other commodity markets do not follow a normal distribution.
Instead, the distribution is leptokurtic: there are more days with either very small movements or very large price movements than would be predicted by the normal distribution, and fewer days with medium-sized ones. Moreover, the level of volatility in oil prices is itself volatile. Periods of low volatility alternate with periods of high volatility, with abrupt shifts between the two states.
Financial markets shift between "mild" and "wild" states, as French mathematician Benoit Mandelbrot demonstrated, originally with an analysis of cotton prices.
Thursday's price move signals a shift to a wilder market state after a long period in which volatility has been extraordinarily subdued.
Volatility Ahead?
There is no way to know how long the wilder state might persist. But there are good reasons to think oil prices could be more volatile in the months ahead than they have been over the last three years.
First, there is a much greater dispersion of views about the trajectory of prices over the next two years than at any point since 2010.
The common assumption is that oil prices must fall far enough and remain low long enough to curb the rise in shale output, postpone high-cost oil projects and stimulate faster growth in oil demand.
But there is enormous uncertainty about how low and how long prices might have to fall to shut in excess shale production. The reaction function of US shale producers is untested and will only be known after the event.
Second, OPEC's own response remains unclear in the medium term. Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, the only members able to make significant production cuts, have revealed that they prefer instead to play a long game, relying on low prices to recapture market share from higher-cost shale rivals.
The core Gulf producers have the financial resources to withstand a prolonged period of lower prices by drawing down reserves. But even their resources are not unlimited. And prices could stay lower for longer than most producers now expect if shale output is more resilient than OPEC forecasts.
  Since the start of the shale boom, OPEC and Saudi Arabia have consistently underestimated its disruptive impact on supply and price. It is possible they are now over-estimating how quickly shale output could stop growing.
Third, Iran's oil exports seem set to rise as the stranglehold of sanctions weakens, even without a nuclear deal with the United States, though the pace at which sanctions become more leaky is hard to predict. Additional Iranian exports will weaken the market further.
Fourth, the global economy is slowing, and on this occasion the slowdown is affecting China and the other Asian countries that were the only source of demand growth for oil exporters in the last five years, adding an extra element of uncertainty.
Fifth, there may have been some structural loss of liquidity in the market as banks and hedge funds scale back in the face of stricter regulations and the lack of profitability in recent years.
Liquidity provision is itself cyclical. After a period of high liquidity, when the oil sector was crowded by lots of banks and hedge funds seeking to speculate or make markets and competing away the profit margin, the market is now in a period of much lower liquidity, and the adjustment may not be over yet.
The upshot is that after three years in which volatility has been abnormally low by historical standards, there are plenty of reasons to think prices might start jumping around more than before as the market struggles to find a new temporary equilibrium.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaitley may nudge Raghuram Rajan to lower interest ratesFM Arun Jaitley may nudge RBI governor Raghuram Rajan to lower interest rates
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Most experts expect Rajan…)
NEW DELHI: Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan may meet Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday ahead of the central bank's bi-monthly monetary policy review on Tuesday amidst rising pressure to start cutting interest rates .
Both consumer and wholesale inflation have fallen to record lows while GDP numbers for July-September quarter out today will likely show economy slowed from 5.7% growth recorded in April-June quarter.
Some estimates peg the second quarter GDP growth at as low as 4.8% in view of sluggish industrial production in the three months. Industry has stepped up pressure to cut rates to revive demand and spur investments and the government has sent enough signals to the central bank that it backs the demand."
Reduction in cost of capital will give a good fillip to the Indian economy," finance minister Arun Jaitley had said last week but had added that the decision was RBI's."...it's their (RBI) job to balance rates with inflation. I am sure they will do it competently. But the fact is this is the direction we have to take...we are slowly but surely moving in that direction," he had said again last week to PTI.
Most experts expect Rajan to hold the repo rate at 8% despite inflation cooling and economic recovery faltering.Car sales turns negative in October suggesting fragile consumer demand while investments are yet to show signs of a pick up.
Globally, too, many central banks are cutting rates to stimulate demand as fear of slowdown looms over the world economy. RBI governor makes a customary call to the finance minister ahead of the monetary policy review.
Consumer price inflation (CPI), the price gauge that the RBI watches closely, was placed at 5.5% in October, well below the central bank's target of 6% by January 2016. Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77% in October. Lower fuel prices are expected to fall further because of softer fuel and food prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BTown Streetwatch: Karisma  Raveena  Ishaentertainment
BTown Streetwatch: Karisma, Raveena, Isha
Two of the few Bollywood divas who ruled the Box Office in the late 90s - Karisma Kapoor and Raveena Tandon - were seen supporting ace choreographer Shiamak Davar on the finale episode of his flagship show 'Winter Funk'. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Dressed in simple floral tee teamed with trousers, Karisma looked beautiful as always. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Raveena spelled style in blue. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actresses were seen with their kids at the event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Also seen at the event was Karisma's husband, Sanjay, who she has separated from. Sanjay Kapoor was there to support his daughter ads she was performing then. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Meanwhile, actress Isha Koppikar was seen at the launch of a bar in Mumbai. Dressed in beige, she looked pretty. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Also seen at the event were actresses Shilpa Saklani, Munisha Khatwani and Shilpa Anand. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Indraneil Sengupta arrived with wife, actress Barkha Bisht. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress and 'Bigg Boss 8' participant Deepshikha Nagpal was all smiles. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Cricketer Yuvraj Singh was also spotted at the event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Seen here is actor Sooraj Thapar with wife, actress Deepti Dhyani. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
'Balika Vadhu' actor Avinash Wadhavan was also seen at the do. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Mahesh Thakur at the event. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Mazher Sayed was also seen. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

BSNL launches a new mobile security app that lets users track location of lost phones  remotely lock devices and erase dataXolo Opus 3 with a 5-inch display, 8MP rear camera launched at Rs 8,499 in India
Nov 29, 2014 at  04:47pm IST
BSNL launches a new mobile security app that lets users track location of lost phones, remotely lock devices and erase data
15
5
New Delhi: State-run telecom operator BSNL launched mobile security value added service that will allow its customers to track location of their lost mobile phones, remotely lock the device and erase data, among others.
BSNL is offering the solution, mSecure, in association with Beyond Evolution.
"Through Msecure solution user can remotely manage data contained in his or her lost mobile handset," BSNL Director for Consumer Mobility Anupam Shrivastava said in a statement.
BSNL's new app will also provide complete call log details of the lost mobile at pre-determined intervals to emergency number feeded in the mobile.
#bsnl #mobile security services #apps
The application will also provide complete call log details of the lost mobile at pre-determined intervals to emergency number feeded in the mobile.
Through the application, user will be able to remotely lock device, erase data and track location of the lost device.
The application will send the location details through SMS to the emergency number. The application also allows a user to remotely raise an alarm on the lost or misplaced device.
"Security of mobile handsets has become a cause for concern owing to important data stored in it. Loss or theft may lead to unauthorised access and possible misuse of such data," BSNL said.
103

Facebook  Twitter data do not reveal true human behaviourNov 29, 2014 at  01:41pm IST
Facebook, Twitter data do not reveal true human behaviour
37
2
Washington: Using social media such as Twitter and Facebook to gather data on human behaviour may be fraught with biases, scientists say.
Behavioural scientists use social media to quickly and cheaply gather huge amounts of data about what people are thinking and doing but researchers at Carnegie Mellon University in the US and McGill University in Canada have found that those massive datasets may be misleading.
Carnegie Mellon's Juergen Pfeffer and McGill's Derek Ruths said that scientists need to find ways of correcting for the biases inherent in the information gathered from Twitter and other social media, or to at least acknowledge the shortcomings of that data.
Researchers have found that massive datasets collected using social media about what people are thinking and doing may be misleading.
It is not an insignificant problem, researchers noted that thousands of research papers each year are now based on data gleaned from social media, a source of data that barely existed even five years ago.
"Not everything that can be labelled as 'Big Data' is automatically great," Pfeffer said.
He said that many researchers think - or hope - that if they gather a large enough dataset they can overcome any biases or distortion that might lurk there.
Despite researchers' attempts to generalise their study results to a broad population, social media sites often have substantial population biases; generating the random samples that give surveys their power to accurately reflect attitudes and behaviour is problematic, scientists said.
Instagram, for instance, has special appeal to adults between the ages of 18 and 29, African-Americans, Latinos, women and urban dwellers, while Pinterest is dominated by women between the ages of 25 and 34 with average household incomes of $100,000.
Yet Ruths and Pfeffer said researchers seldom acknowledge, much less correct, these built-in sampling biases.
Other questions about data sampling may never be resolved because social media sites use proprietary algorithms to create or filter their data streams and those algorithms are subject to change without warning.
Most researchers are left in the dark, though others with special relationships to the sites may get a look at the site's inner workings.
The rise of these "embedded researchers," Ruths and Pfeffer said, in turn is creating a divided social media research community.
In an article published in the journal Science, researchers also noted that not all "people" on these sites are even people.
Some are professional writers or public relations representatives, who post on behalf of celebrities or corporations, others are simply phantom accounts. Some "followers" can be bought.
The social media sites try to hunt down and eliminate such bogus accounts - half of all Twitter accounts created in 2013 have already been deleted - but a lone researcher may have difficulty detecting those accounts within a dataset, according to Ruths and Pfeffer.
46

Sponsors worried as SC suggests CSK s IPL removalSponsors worried as Supreme Court suggests CSK's removal from IPL
By Nandini Raghavendra, Ravi Teja Sharma & Amit Bapna, ET Bureau | 29 Nov, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Alarmed sponsors stand to lose a great deal if CSK exit after the court’s prod. Brands are also eyeing a way out of any relationship with the team.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The possibility that N Srinivasan-backed Chennai Super Kings (CSK), the most successful team in the Indian Premier League (IPL), could be disqualified has caused considerable disquiet among sponsors of both CSK and IPL. The Supreme Court on Thursday suggested CSK's ouster in course of hearing on the Mudgal panel report on betting and match-fixing in the IPL.
With the matter being in court - the next hearing is on December 1- almost all brands associated with CSK, be it Vodafone or Aircel or Amazon , declined to comment Yet, those closely associated with these brands and others associated with IPL admit they are worried and working out strategies which may also include plans to exit the sponsorship. The only brand that scraped through unscathed is Reebok, whose association with CSK ended this year with the Champions League. "Our contract ended and with our repositioning of Reebok as a fitness brand we will now only deal with fitness brands," said its brand director, Somdeb Basu.
Experts like Harish Bijoor are clear, "The first reaction of brands that are associated with CSK will be to hedge their bets and get out of this relationship. Brands want to be sure the teams or entities they are backing are clean and sustainable. To my mind, every brand will already have firmed up a backup plan."
One of those hardest hit if disqualification were to happen is Multi Screen Media (MSM), which is the official broadcaster of IPL, as the number of matches would get reduced. Also because of CSK's popularity, viewership could be hit. MSM has paid Rs 725 crore to BCCI for TV rights.
"Historically, given the presence of Dhoni and Tendulkar, CSK and Mumbai Indians games have been the most viewed. It stands to reason that TV ratings could be affected; likewise with sponsorships, central and team-related," said MEC India MD, T Gangadhar.
There are those that see a brighter side. Unni Krishnan, founder of Long Brand Consulting argues, "In the IPL today, trust flows among stakeholders have dissipated and this trust deficit is due to governance. As a result of such an intervention by the court, every stakeholder will more attention to how governance is being maintained by the teams."

Govt plans to cut stake in PSBs to raise Rs 89 120 croreGovt plans to cut stake in PSBs to raise Rs 89,120 crore
Reuters
Jayant Sinha
NEW DELHI, Nov 28:  
The Indian government plans to raise about Rs 89,120 crore ($14.4 billion) by reducing its stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent, the junior finance minister said on Friday, sending shares of state lenders higher.
The government holds stakes ranging from 56 per cent to 84 per cent in 24 state-run banks that account for 70 per cent of total outstanding loans of about $1 trillion in Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-run lenders are estimated to need as much as $60 billion in capital over the next four years to meet upcoming global regulations and to build a buffer against rising bad loans.
While the Indian government has traditionally funded the state lenders - to the tune of about $13 billion over the past decade - it is now striving to reduce the capital injections to lower its budget deficit.
Cutting its stakes "would substantially reduce the requirement of budgetary provision for infusion of capital in public sector banks," Jayant Sinha told parliament in a written statement.
Bank shares, which were trading higher before the news as the market bets on an interest rate cut next week, extended gains. The index of state lenders rose as much as 5.8 per cent to its highest level in more than 3-1/2 years.
Top lender State Bank of India (SBI) rose as much as 5.3 per cent, while second-largest Bank of Baroda jumped 8.3 per cent.
Finance ministry officials say the federal cabinet is expected to take a final decision on the issue of stake sale soon. A bunch of state lenders including SBI are awaiting the government's approval to sell shares to raise capital.
Analysts say bigger state-run banks have a better chance to raise capital from the market, but remain sceptical of smaller lenders' ability to attract investors.
Indian state-run banks have been burdened by high bad debt levels and corporate governance issues. A central bank-appointed panel this year recommended the government cut its stake in state lenders to below 50 per cent.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Our dressing room will never be the sameTweet
0
Australia's distraught captain Michael Clarke has spoken about Phillip Hughes on behalf of the national team, revealing that his No. 64 ODI shirt will be retired out of respect for their departed friend and teammate.
Only memories remain...Clarke spoke for around two and a half minutes, promising "I'll do my best" and fighting back tears with almost every sentence. During these moments it was difficult to imagine the Australian team turning out for a Test match in Brisbane as soon as Thursday next week - Clarke's predecessor Ricky Ponting has stated he does not think they can.
"Words cannot express how we feel as a team right now. To Greg, Virginia, Jason and Megan, we share in the deep pain that you're feeling," Clarke said. "Apart from when he was at home on the farm with his beloved cattle, Hughesy was at his happiest playing cricket for his country with his mates. Things were all put into perspective when Hughesy said 'where else would you rather be boys, but playing cricket for your country'.
"We're going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green is about and what it means to us all. the world lost one of its great blokes this week, and we are all poorer for it. Our promise to Hughesy's family is that we will do everything we can to honour his memory. Last night I asked Cricket Australia if Hughesy's Australian one day international shirt No. 64, could be retired, to which they agreed. That means so much.
"His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives. We'd like to thank everyone both here and overseas for the touching tributes to Hughesy in recent days. Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in peace, Bruzzy."
Clarke paused longest before uttering the words "our dressing room will never be the same". Knowing this, Ponting has expressed his belief that the first Test against India should not go ahead as scheduled.
The match is due to begin at the Gabba on Thursday. However, on Friday CA's chief executive James Sutherland said that cricket would go on "when we're ready", and added that the players had not yet been consulted about their feelings on whether the Test should go ahead.
It is believed the Hughes family wants the Test to go ahead, but the raw emotions displayed by Clarke while reading a statement from the Australia team and staff on Saturday morning made it hard to imagine the players being ready to take the field again so soon. Ponting said it would be a miracle if they were in the right frame of mind for a Test.
"It's been such a tragic week for the Hughes family and the cricket community and I can't imagine how anybody can be expected to play Test cricket on Thursday," Ponting wrote in the Weekend Australian. "In fact I don't think it would be right. Even if the boys think they can play, it would be a miracle if they find the right frame of mind needed for five days of cricket."
Ian Chappell has said he believes the Test would provide the players a good opportunity to concentrate on something else, after several days of grieving. That sentiment was echoed by Allan Border, who said it would all come down to whether the players wanted the match to go ahead.
"My personal view is that rather than sitting around I think they might be better off playing," Border said on Fox Sports. "It would be very difficult, I'm not shying away from that. Sitting around in your room you're going to be thinking about it 24/7."
India's tour match against a Cricket Australia XI, which was due to take place in Adelaide on Friday and Saturday, was cancelled after Hughes died on Thursday. Sunil Gavaskar said it was difficult to imagine the players being in the right frame of mind to play the first Test.
"I guess it's something the boards will have to look at," Gavaskar said on NDTV in India. "The first Test is almost a week away but I am sure nobody would be in a mood to play. Nobody would be in the right frame of mind."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Xolo Opus 3 with a 5-inch display  8MP rear camera launched at Rs 8 499 in India25
2
New Delhi: Xolo announced the launch of the Opus 3, the latest addition to the Opus series, in India. The Opus 3 comes with a 5-inch HD IPS display and is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor. The Xolo Opus 3 is priced at Rs 8,499.
It sports an 8-megapixel rear camera with dual flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with 88 degree wide-angle lens, flash and BSI Sensor. The device comes with motion control technology which makes the use of accelerometer and proximity sensor to control music player, FM Radio, Gallery, Camera and even calls - allowing users to control the everyday functions by just the wave of the hand near the proximity sensor.
The dual-SIM Opus 3 also allows access to multiple apps via Float Task on a dual-window operation mode. While reading or watching a video, users can pin an app to the Float Task screen and it will follow, while they do other tasks. Running Android 4.4 KitKat OS, the Opus 3 comes with 1GB of RAM and an internal memory of 8GB, which is expandable up to 32 GB.  The phone is fuelled by 2500mAh battery.
The Xolo Opus 3 runs Android 4.4 KitKat and is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor.

Sensex may touch 100 000 in this bull market  says expertApar Industries Ltd.
(All the parameters are now…)
In an interview with ET Now, Vijay Kedia, MD, Kedia Securities, shares his views on the markets. Excerpts:
Nikunj Dalmia: 2014 has been a great year for the Indian stock markets. After this extraordinary run-up, do you think the party is getting over?
Vijay Kedia: I do not think so. Party has just begun.
Nikunj Dalmia: Why do you think the party has just started?
Vijay Kedia: Because all the parameters are now in the favour of the economy and still, retail participation in market is very less and the economy is reviving. Companies have yet to deliver good numbers and return. So it is just a beginning.
Nikunj Dalmia: External factors are clearly are on our side. Brazil is in a mess, Russia seems to be falling apart, ECB and BOJ are committed to print more money and we do not know what will happen to the US economy in the short term. So, do you think India on the margin will benefit because globally things are in a mess?
Vijay Kedia: That could be an advantage for India in other words. So, why not?
Nikunj Dalmia: Three years ago, I remember, when we interacted on this same forum, your big call was that the Sensex will eventually touch 1 lakh. We are at 27000. Are you still confident that the Sensex will touch 1 lakh?
Vijay Kedia: Yes, of course. On the contrary, I will say that my confidence has increased. I am of the opinion that by 2020, the Sensex should touch 100,000.
Nikunj Dalmia: That is a big number, isn't it?
Vijay Kedia: Could be a big number today. It looks like a big number, but I have some reasons why should it be 100,000 by 2020. I will give you an example. Prior to 2003, any bull market in India never lasted for more than nine months. If I say bull market, that means the previous top to the next top. So the duration of every bull market was less than 9 months and the duration of every bear market was more than 16 months. This was the history.
Nikunj Dalmia: This was before 2003?
Vijay Kedia: Before 2003.
Nikunj Dalmia: So you are looking at the Sensex history from 1980 to 2003?
Vijay Kedia: Yes, you can say that.
Nikunj Dalmia: That time bull markets were small and bear markets were big.
Vijay Kedia: Yes, the bull market was smaller, means not more than nine months. I may be wrong by 1 month or 15 days, but I am near perfect figure.
 
For the first time it happened in the history of India in 2003 that the bull market lasted for five years or six years, and when the bear market came, it lasted for less than 16 months. If you remember, from 22000, we went down to 7200 or 7300, but within a span of nine months, we recovered.
Nikunj Dalmia: So now the reverse is happening. Now bear markets are small and bull markets are long.
Vijay Kedia: Yes, they are long. The same story is now going to be repeated. I think that we are in a bull market. So if you take the clue from the past history, we should be having another five or six years of a bull run and in the last bull market, 6000 was the top before 2003.
Nikunj Dalmia: The TMT bull market?
Vijay Kedia: Yes, the TMT bull market. So when the index crossed 6000, it went up to 22000. That was somewhere around four times. I think the same story is going to be repeated again.
Nikunj Dalmia: So, what is the real entry point or the beginning point of this bull market? Is it 8000 because we bottomed out at 8000 in 2008 or the beginning entry point of this bull market will be closer to 21000 or 22000?
Vijay Kedia: Around 20000-22000, not 8000.
Nikunj Dalmia: Are you of the view that the bull market has only started last year, it has not started three years ago?
Vijay Kedia: I do not think so. It depends on how you calculate. That could be the end of a bear market. As they say that the end of a bear market is the beginning of a bull market, but the actual bull market has started now.
Nikunj Dalmia: So in this bull market, can the Sensex go to 100,000?
Vijay Kedia: Yes, this is what I think that in this current bull market, which is going on, we should see the index of 100,000.
Nikunj Dalmia: For the Sensex to go to 100,000, a lot of things have to align our way both locally and globally. Inflation is still sticky, valuations are not all that cheap and earnings are still a big question mark.
Vijay Kedia: That is why we are at 27000, because of that only.
Nikunj Dalmia: So how will things change? For the index to go to 100,000, the dynamics have to change completely.
Vijay Kedia: It is changing. When I read newspapers in the morning, I feel that something is happening in India, something is cooking. It might take some time as all experts are saying.
Nikunj Dalmia: There is an old saying on the Wall Street that bull markets always climb the wall of worry and they always come down on ray of hope.
Vijay Kedia: Yes.
Nikunj Dalmia: I just get a sense that right now, there is too much of hope and hype in the Modi story.

The Week Ahead: Markets Focus on RBI Policy Review; Rate Cut to BoostFund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
The focus of investors is on the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review due on Tuesday.
Markets are pricing in a rate cut although only 4 out of 45 economists in a Reuters poll said the RBI will cut rates.
Also focus continues to be on the ongoing winter session of parliament for cues on the further reforms.
The 10-year bond yield can drop to sub-8 per cent levels if RBI cuts rates on Tuesday. Yield is broadly seen in 7.95 to 8.25 per cent range next week.
Rupee is seen moving in a 61.50 to 62.50 range to a dollar band, while Nifty is seen trading in a 8,350-8,750 range.
Oil and gas stocks will be in the focus as crude prices are near multi-year lows.
Key factors/events to watch
The government will release current account balance data next week, also trade balance data is due to be released next week by RBI.
On Monday HSBC Markit manufacturing PMI will be released at 10:30 a.m. While Tuesday will see RBI's monetary policy review due to be released at 11 a.m.
On Wednesday HSBC services PMI will be released at 10:30 a.m. Friday will see release of India foreign exchange reserves data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Institutions spoil Mallya s partyInstitutions spoil Mallya's party
Mahesh Kulkarni & N Sundaresha Subramanian | Bengaluru/New Delhi Nov 29, 2014 11:15 PM IST
Minority shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL), India's largest liquor manufacturer, asserted their strength on Friday by defeating a majority of special resolutions moved by the company at its extraordinary general meeting (EGM) in Bengaluru.
Nine of the 12 resolutions were defeated at a ballot conducted during the EGM. Most of these pertained to agreements with entities connected to USL chairman and the erstwhile promoter, Vijay Mallya, inked a month before the company's acquisition by British liquor giant Diageo two years ago. These had to be put for shareholders' approval with new regulations on related-party transactions kicking in.
The company said in a filing to the exchanges that nine of the 12 resolutions had not been approved by members with the requisite majority. Separately, it also informed that the licensing proposal for manufacture and distribution of Diageo's products in India, on which it had sought approval through a postal ballot, had also failed to sail through. This could delay the process of integration of USL's sales channels with Diageo's global brands by at least a couple of months, company executives said.
"We are surprised that the resolutions were defeated. We will try to understand why shareholders voted against the resolutions. We will go back to them very soon to seek their approval again," a spokesperson for USL said. How soon the company would go back to shareholders would be known in due course, the spokesperson added.
That only 127 shareholders attended the EGM and participated in polling suggested institutional shareholders were instrumental in ensuring the defeat of the resolutions. As of September, schemes of several top mutual funds - State Bank of India Mutual Fund, Reliance Mutual Fund, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund, DSP BlackRock and UTI Mutual Fund - held USL shares. Foreign institutions like Morgan Stanley, CLSA and Carmignac Gestion together held a 23.68 per cent stake in the firm.
In a report last week, Stakeholders' Empowerment Services had said: "The date October 11, 2012, is material, as Diageo announced its agreement to take over USL on November 9, 2012. SES raises the question as to what was the reason for the sudden barrage of transactions. SES would like shareholders to approach the securities market regulator, the Securities & Exchange Board of India, to investigate the motive and ensure these transactions were not entered into to deprive non-promoter shareholders of fair treatment."
Business Standard had last week reported that institutions and proxy advisory firms had several concerns over the resolutions.
This is seen as the first big victory for minority investors after new corporate-governance norms, under Clause 49 of listing agreement, came into force on October 1. Under these norms, related parties are required to abstain from the shareholder resolutions that they are interested in.
USL's special resolutions were defeated as those failed to garner the required 75 per cent votes from non-promoter shareholders. Only three resolutions secured the required number votes. These were the existing sales promotion services agreement between Diageo and USL, the existing trademark licence agreement between United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd and USL for use of the Pegasus trademark. The USL shareholders also voted to approve the resolution considering an erosion in the company's net worth, according to Section 23 of the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act.
"However, the USL shareholders voted not to approve the other existing transactions tabled at the EGM. USL is carefully considering the implications of these existing transactions not being approved and what actions it will need to take, if any," the USL spokesperson said.
Curiously, five promoter representatives cast their votes at the EGM, despite the regulations expressly requiring them to abstain.
These votes were rejected by the scrutiniser. All the promoters of the company - Relay B V (holding 54.78 per cent of the company's share capital), UBHL, Kingfisher Finvest India Ltd (KFIL) and others (holding in aggregate 4.09 per cent) of the share capital of the company) - had to abstain from voting on the resolutions numbered two to 12 in the notice.
However, five of the promoters of the company, UBHL, KFIL, Devi Investments Private Limited, Rossi and Associates Private Limited and Vittal Investments Private Limited, exercised their votes in favour of the resolutions No. 2 and No. 11. Subsequently, the scrutiniser invalidated their votes.
"The company will make enquiries, as appropriate, to further examine the validity of the votes exercised by them. In any event, even if the votes cast by them were to be considered as valid, the voting results in respect of these two resolutions will remain unchanged," the company secretary, V S Venkatarman, said in the announcement to exchanges.
Expressing happiness over the result of the EGM, a shareholder said: "The mood at the EGM was against the management. I am not surprised to know that a majority of the resolutions was defeated."

Secondary sales no longer preferred mode of PE exitsSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
The secondary sales, or sponsor-to-sponsor transactions, one of the preferred mode of private equity exits in the past two years, seem to have hit a roadblock in the past few months, as revival in capital markets, along with opening of the IPO window, has raised the valuation expectations of existing PE investors.
With just over a month to go, exits through secondary sales so far in 2014 stand at $279 million or 8.60% of the total exit value, which is the lowest in the past four years.
In the past three years, PE-to-PE exits constituted little over one-fifth of the total exit value, as poor IPO market environment and volatile capital markets left PE investors with few options but to engage with other PE players  to offload their old investments in unlisted firms.
The resurgence in capital markets has resulted in a lot of PE players in listed firms tapping public markets for exits, even as those in unlisted firms are considering the IPO route to get better valuations.
The exits through the public market or open market sales currently stand at around $2.3 billion, with the likes of Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs and Providence Equity partners partly exiting their listed investments in Hero MotoCorp, Mahindra & Mahindra and Idea Cellular, respectively.
Udai Dhawan, MD & India head at Standard Chartered Private Equity, believes that with capital markets on a high, existing PE investors are looking at the IPO route, which to some extent has impacted the secondary sales.
“The Indian capital markets have been on an upward trajectory and there has been a strong appetite from both global and domestic public market investors. Several companies have leveraged or are looking to leverage this window of opportunity. This has also had an impact on PE-to-PE exits, as in many cases PE investors are preferring an IPO as an exit path for their portfolio company,” said Dhawan.
Darius Pandole, partner at New Silk Route Advisors, says apart from providing liquidity, IPOs as an exit option also offer better price discovery.
So far this year, while one PE player has exited through this route, six are yet to exit with firms like Ortel Communications and Monte Carlo already receiving Sebi approval even as others like Uniparts India, PNC Infratech, CL Educate and ACB India are awaiting the regulator’s nod.
The rising valuation expectations, too, have played a part in lower secondary transactions.
Pawan Singh, MD, India and south-East Asia at Bain Capital, says there have been several secondary transactions where they spent considerable time, but couldn’t close because of valuation issues. “Some of those have happened with other investors, others have not yet closed due to a mismatch between what the existing sponsor expects and what a new private equity buyer is willing to pay,” said Singh.
However, given the huge exit backlog of older investments, experts hope that going forward, we might see secondary sales reviving.
Dhawan expects PE-to-PE exits to continue to happen even in these markets in cases where there are large stakes involved or companies are smaller and not yet IPO-ready.
While PE investments in India over the past decade have been in excess of $90 billion, the exit environment had been rather weak, with PE investors taking home just about $31 billion in the past six years, according to a Bain & Co 2014 report.
More from indianmarkets

After Flipkart & Makemytrip  will healthcare be India s next big internet bizAfter Flipkart & Makemytrip, will healthcare industry give India its next big internet business?
Rahul Sachitanand, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 06.52AM IST
Tags:
(A bunch of online businesses…)
Over the past decade-and-a-half, different startups have leveraged the internet to ease the day-to-day lives of consumers.
The first big opportunity arose when Makemytrip and its rivals revolutionized the travel industry by overhauling travel bookings; then Flipkart showed how to build a billion-dollar business by bringing modern retail to the computers (and mobiles) of consumers.
Most recently, the likes of Zomato, BookMyShow and Justdial have shown how the internet can be used to re-architect the food and beverage, events and local search spaces, respectively.
Now, a clutch of companies is looking to do the same with healthcare — specifically the chaotic and fragmented business for medical practitioners — and build the next big internet business out of India.
These companies, ranging in age from six years (like the sector's proverbial 800-pound gorilla Practo) to those that are barely a year old, are using the internet to aggregate and organize data on doctors, clinics, hospitals and other healthcare businesses, and provide a platform for consumers to access them.
Then, some of them are targeting the doctors themselves. They have jumped into the heart of a doctor's business — patient appointments, records and billings — to try to digitize what have been sheaves of paper.
In the past year and more, these companies have been gaining significant traction — market leader Practo to date has managed some 15 million records and booked 16.6 million appointments with 109,000 doctors across 351 towns and cities — even as investors, eager for their next big payout after e-commerce, begin to bite.
Investors Pop the Pill
The likes of Sequoia Capital and Nexus Venture are just a couple of venture capitalists that have backed firms in this space, even as others such as Matrix Partners weigh investments in this burgeoning market.
Avnish Bajaj was one of the early success stories of India's internet revolution — a startup called Bazee.com he cofounded was sold to eBay a decade ago for $55 million in 2004.
Now, he thinks the healthcare market could spawn India's next big internet smash hit. And, as the founder of Matrix Partners, an early-stage investor, he's keenly watching this space.
"India is mainly a cash economy for healthcare and people have a choice of which doctor to approach unlike the West, where you're forced to choose from a predetermined pool due to insurance restrictions," he says.
However, this choice is a doubleedged sword, since reaching these doctors isn't easy. Enter the online facilitators.
"These companies can solve a pressing consumer problem and in the process build a large and scalable internet company. Why can't the next Zomato be from the healthcare space?" wonders Bajaj. Entrepreneurs seem to agree.
"The use of technology in healthcare is limited, especially for a consumer," says Shashank ND, cofounder of Bangalore-based Practo. "Finding a doctor, booking an appointment and getting a bill and the overall experience at a clinic or hospital are, for a consumer, a poor experience."
  The chaos — a large market, multiple customer pain points and a lack of technology in healthcare — may be an ideal setting for the likes of Practo. "The use of technology can revolutionize customer experience in this industry," says Shashank.
His firm, he contends, has proven this business is viable. "Practo Ray, the practice management software, has become dominant in its field — 15% of doctors use some form of this software and 90% of them use our product," he claims.
Products such as Practo Ray have helped overhaul the perception of a doctor's business. Users can get printed — rather than illegibly-scrawled — prescriptions, appointment reminders are messaged to patients and invoices digitally stored. "We have upgraded the customer experience," he says.
Virtual Remedies
This is just the reason Hemanshu Mehta, a dentist with a clinic in Mumbai's Sion suburb, signed up with Practo. The clinic, which is usually packed through the week, needed a software package to manage patient appointments and records and help the doctor access them on the go. "Earlier, five out of 10 patients would give us excuses for not turning up," says Mehta between appointments.
"Now, they get a call and an automated text message reminder to keep them updated." Recently, the doctor has also begun to use Practo Hello, a virtual receptionist, to add another layer of technology to his operation. This tool, he adds, allows him to track the booking of appointments, access patient records and data — and reach out to them directly — while he is on the move. "Patient care has become much more manageable and flexible with these tools," he says.

J&K polls: National Conference files complaint against Rajnath for poll code violationJ&K polls: National Conference files complaint against Rajnath for poll code violation
CNN-IBN | Nov 30, 2014 at 07:43am IST
Srinagar: The ruling National Conference has filed a complaint against Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh with the Election Commission for allegedly violating the model code of conduct.
In its complaint, NC has said that Home Minister used the Srinagar International Airport premises to telephonically address a public gathering in Akad in Pahalgam. Singh, who was scheduled to address election rallies in Uri, Karnah and Pahalgam could not reach these venues  because of bad weather and addressed the rallies telephonically from the airport.
NC said that the use of public infrastructure, which comes under the purview of the government, for the purpose of election campaign was a major poll code violation.
NC said that the use of public infrastructure, which comes under the purview of the government, for the purpose of election campaign was a major poll code violation.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Govt firm on reforms despite Oppn roadblocks: JaitleyArun Jaitley
(Finance minister Arun Jaitley…)
Finance minister Arun Jaitley took The Economic Times Awards platform to warn the Opposition parties that no amount of obstacles could stop the Narendra Modi government's resolve to lift India's economic growth back to 8% and more, signalling that a joint session of Parliament would be called if needed.
The government, which has been busy fixing the basic administrative problems caused by years of policy paralysis, aims to make the goods and services tax a reality, push reforms in land acquisition, encourage manufacturing, private investment in mining minerals, and end the notorious tax regime that became a nightmare for businessmen. The subsidy for the rich may well become history while the poor may still be eligible for it.
"I am quite conscious of the fact that some people will try and obstruct, though the national mood is to the contrary,'' Jaitley said at The Economic Times Awards for Corporate Excellence on Saturday. "The obstructionists won't be able to sustain for too long. We are fairly determined to go ahead with each one of these measures.''
India is on the cusp of a multi-year bull run amid gloom and doom in global economies as the Modi government breathes new life into administration. The emergence of Modi with the strongest ever mandate in more than three decades and his firm approach to governance have ushered hopes of what Nomura Securities calls the 'goldilocks' days for the Indian economy.
The Indian rupee and the stock market, which were pummelled last year due to collapse of governance, are buoyant this year, with international investors pouring in more than $40 billion in equity and debt. The rupee, which was the worst performer last year, is the best performer among emerging market currencies this year despite a surging US dollar. Though the economy is growing slower than its best days, it expanded 5.3% in the September quarter, beating estimates of 5.1%.
"In order to reform India, you have to reform the Railways,'' said Jaitley. "Manufacturing remains a serious challenge. Just freedom on licensing or creation of corridors or even raising sector limits is not going to solve our problems.... Unless we can assure investors that manufacturing in India will be cost effective and competitive."
Although some have been critical that the government has not made a significant push on reforms, it has been putting in place a system for a better functioning of the government. The government has hastened the clearance of pending projects and is easing labour laws. It will bring in the Constitutional amendments bill on goods and services tax in the current session of the Parliament which could create a national market breaking state boundaries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Potential for Indias economy is much greater than 5%: Dennis M NallyTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
The optimism around India has caught global attention. In line with various business leaders that have visited the country over the last few months, Dennis M Nally, chairman, PricewaterhouseCoopers International since 2009 was also here last week. In an interview to Sandeep Singh, Nally said that he was enthused by the pro-business and investment government at the centre and that the right steps can take India back to 9 per cent growth rates. Excerpts:
How do you see the country faring under the new government and how is India positioned amidst the slowdown across various economies?
Post the Modi government, it has been very positive and the investment community is receptive to what the government is expressing. We are in a very challenging global economic environment and it is going to remain so over the next 12-18 months. Europe is going through a major slowdown, Germany is projecting a slowdown and China as an economy is slowing.
However, the opportunities and potential in India are very significant and I think with the right collaboration between private and public sector, the potential for this economy is much greater than 5 per cent. I think 9 per cent is achievable.
What raises your optimism on India?
You have a very pro-business and pro-investment government. The very fact that the trade issues between US and India were resolved in a very positive way, I hope they will be concluded in positive way. But ithas sent a very positive message that the government is very serious about doing its part.
What reforms would you like to see?
The business is looking for consistency and predictability. As an investor you are looking at that kind of environment that can encourage you to look at the risk reward of an investment and how they stack against the alternatives before you. You talk about investment in infrastructure and it’s a 10- 20 year investment and as an investor what you want to see is a framework that allows you to get comfortable from a risk return stand point.
Does the rise in stock markets raise concerns?
I think people are making investments based on their assessment of the potential. With a government like this and with the statements that have been made so far, I think there are words of encouragement for investors. While there is optimism, I think the challenge now is to begin to deliver on some of these issues that have been talked about.
How do you think India should move forward on manufacturing?
If the mindset is to follow what has been done elsewhere, which is just a pure labour play, then, I think India is missing out on a real opportunity here. I think education and skill development will play an important role. If we are educating the young today, for the skills of the past, then it won’t be fit for purpose in the next 10-15 years.
TAGS: Indian Economy PricewaterhouseCoopers International
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Teen missing for 4 years found alive  hidden behind wall near AtlantaUS teen missing for four years found alive, hidden behind fake wall
Reuters
print
The home where the 13-year-old boy who reportedly has been missing for four years was found. (Reuters photo)
A 13-year-old boy who had been reported missing four years ago was discovered alive, hidden behind a fake wall of a home near Atlanta, Georgia, and reunited with his mother early on Saturday, police said.
Five people living in the home in Jonesboro, 17 miles (28 km) south of Atlanta, were taken into custody, among them the boy's father, Gregory Jean, 37, and an adult female, said Sergeant Kevin Hughes of the Clayton County police.
Jean and Samantha Joy Davis face charges of false imprisonment, cruelty to children and obstructing an officer, he said, adding that three juveniles also in the home were facing obstruction charges.
The boy's mother apparently had reported him missing to child welfare but not police, and no missing person's report was filed in Clayton County, Hughes said.
The teen was apparently able to get to a phone recently and contacted his mother with his whereabouts, authorities said.
Clayton County police went to the home on Friday to look for the 13-year-old but Jean and Davis said they had no information about the boy, Hughes said.
Several hours later, police came back and again searched the residence. While the police were in the home, the boy called his mother, who relayed to officers where her son was hidden in the house, Hughes said.
"They discovered him hidden behind a false wall in the interior portion of the home," he said.
The boy appeared to be in good physical health and was reunited with his mother, who had come to Georgia from out of state, Hughes said.
Neighbors in their quiet, well-kept Jonesboro neighborhood said the family moved in about six months ago and kept to themselves.
The 13-year-old boy always seemed to be home and did not appear to be enrolled in school, they said.
"We just thought that they liked to keep to themselves," said neighbour Julie Pizarro, 37, adding that the boy was often seen tending the yard.
"You can see the yard is immaculate," she said. "The boy kept it that way."
The teen went missing in 2010 while visiting his father in Florida, WSBTV reported.
Jean was being held in Clayton County jail and no bail has been set, online records show.
Authorities said Jean and Davis could face more criminal charges as the investigation unfolds.
It was unclear if they had obtained attorneys.

Kind-hearted  child-like verve for life: Clarke s tribute to  brother Hughesprint
Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke wrote a moving birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes Sunday, calling him the brother he never had as players continued to grieve over his death.
Hughes, who would have celebrated his 26th birthday on Sunday, died Thursday two days after he was knocked unconscious by a bouncer while batting in a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Australia's first Test against India, which was due to start on Thursday in Brisbane, has been postponed with no new date yet scheduled.
Clarke said he "struggled to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life's true characters and gentlemen".
"His cricketing achievements -- of which there were many -- really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited," Clarke wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.
"Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind-hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child-like verve for life... I really could go on and on."
In 2 hours and 6 min it will be my Brothers 26th BDay. Please get yourself a drink and raise your glass!— Michael Clarke (@MClarke23) November 29, 2014
Clarke wrote of how he was instantly drawn to Hughes when the talented cricketer, then 17, moved to Sydney from his hometown of Macksville to play for his club Western Suburbs.
"I don't think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate," Clarke wrote.
"I don't have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him."
Australian captain Michael Clarke also posted a series of pictures on Instagram of moments that they had shared together, both on and off the field.
The photos ranged from Hughes donning the wicketkeeper's gloves, to Clarke and Hughes attending parties and Trivia nights together. FULL ALBUM HERE
A photo posted by Michael Clarke (@michaelclarkeofficial) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 1:39pm PST
Cricket Australia has said rescheduling of any Tests in the four-match series would be done in full consultation with the players, the Indian Board, the International Cricket Council and broadcasters.
Local media said the start of the Brisbane Test could be delayed by one or two days to give players some room to grieve after Hughes' funeral on Wednesday at Macksville in northern New South Wales.
Alternatively, the second Test in Adelaide, Hughes' adopted home, could be recast as the opening match of the series, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.

What Filmmakers ActuallyWantWritten by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:07 am
This year, big Bollywood names flocked to the NFDC-run Film Bazaar looking for the right project.
They want to tell their story and show it to the world. The procedure leaves most enthusiastic first-timers flummoxed. How do you turn a script into a film that releases? A platform that connects the makers with those who can help, mentor, or partner is a most valuable asset for a prolific film producing country.
In the Film Bazaar, run by the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC), now in its eighth year, India has found that platform. And I can say with no hesitation that this is the place to head to for anyone who has any interest in India cinema.
In my four days at this edition of the Bazaar in Goa, which runs alongside the International Film Festival (which closes today), I find it even more of a hive than it has been in the past years.
When it started, it had a 100 participants. This year, the participation has gone up to over a 1,000 from nearly 40 countries. And what it provides filmmakers is what the mandate of NFDC is — to develop and grow Indian cinema: a filmmaker can show up with an idea, and go to the next level of writing the script. A script can be “mentored” and made better and sharper. It can notionally find co-producers (national and international). And it can get funding at each level, if it is good enough: this year, investors heard hungry filmmakers with worthy projects put out their “pitches”, and some found their “angel” investor. This is where the “market” truly kicks in.
As Anurag Kashyap said at a session in the Bazaar’s informative ‘Knowledge Series’, “India is not short of funds. Your film will find the money if it deserves it.” Film development funds and sales agents from around the globe have their eyes on the Bazaar: if it can give them another Lunchbox, the film which has been phenomenally successful world-wide, and which is a Bazaar gift, they want it.
In 2013, a bunch of successful Indian films came out of the Bazaar, including Anand Gandhi’s terrific The Ship Of Theseus. Ashim Ahluwalia’s Miss Lovely did not do much business locally, but generated much critical appreciation outside. Ahluwalia is back at the Bazaar this year with a new film, and says that he’s finding much more global awareness of contemporary Indian cinema, and much of it is down to the existence of the Bazaar and the projects that have come out of it.
It’s not just independent filmmakers who are increasingly crowding the Bazaar. Established Bollywood filmmakers are also turning up to see new talent, and take away from it.
Anurag Basu tells me several people on his team are from amongst those he’s met at the Bazaar. Rohan Sippy is here for the first time, and is soaking it all in. continued…

Vicky Kaushal cast opposite Richa Chadda in Anurag Kashyaps nextproductionBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:02 am
Anurag Kashyap over the years has earned a name for his rather off beat cinema. While the director- producer will soon be venturing into the commercial film space with ‘Bombay Velvet’, we hear that he has already started work on his next production venture. In fact the film that has been titled ‘Masaan’ is said to feature Richa Chadda in the lead role.
Interestingly, ‘Masaan’ will also mark the Bollywood debut of action director Shyam Kaushal’s son Vicky Kaushal in the lead role opposite Richa. However if that wasn’t enough we hear that Neeraj Ghaywan who earlier assisted Anurag on Gangs Of Wasseypur, will direct the film.
As for the story of the film, it is learnt that ‘Masaan’ will follow the story of two people coping with personal loss and pain, their shared experience brings them closer as they come of age. Set in Varanasi, the film has been completely shot and is currently in post-production.

Sonakshi Sinha lost oodles of weight especially for the Radha song  says BoneyKapoorBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:46 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:37 pm
Boney Kapoor is a very proud producer. For his latest production ‘Tevar’ where he has cast his son Arjun Kapoor for the first time, it’s the film’s leading lady Sonakshi Sinha, whom a section of the media has linked with Arjun, that Boney is raving about.
“Look at her in ‘Tevar’. Sonakshi has never looked more stunning. She lost oodles of weight especially to shoot the song ‘Radha Nachegi’. Look at how gracefully she has performed the song. Very few contemporary leading ladies can carry off a semi-classical number so fluently,” raves Boney, and adds that he will work with her again “very shortly.”
The ‘Radha Nachegi’ song is one of the most expensive song-and-dance sequences to have ever been shot.
Says Boney, “We had to recreate the banks of the river Yamuna on a studio floor. It wasn’t easy…or cheap.”
Boney will be casting Sonakshi in the Hindi remake of yet another South Indian hit again directed by a fresh director.
Boney who has in the past burnt his fingers with Hindi remakes directed by the original South Indian directors sees more sense in signing a fresh director for the remake. “For Tevar we chose Amit Sharma to do the Hindi version of the Telugu hit ‘Okkadi’ because we wanted to change the flavour and mood of the original.”

Prime Minister Narendra Modi bats for SMART policingPrint
"By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained", Modi said while addressing the DGP's conference in Guwahati. (AP photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:58 am
Police personnel of modern times have to be ‘smart’ in the true sense of the term, with prime minister Narendra Modi on Sunday unveiling an acronym with the same letters, urging cops to be strict and sensitive, modern and mobile, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive, and finally trained and techno-savvy.
“Today’s police have to SMART, with each letter of the acronym having a definite and specific meaning. Only then will there be a new and big awakening among the huge police force that we have,” Modi said, addressing the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here . Sunday was the last day of the two-day conference held for the first time outside the national capital.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Assam. (Source: AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
Modi also asked the police force to lay more importance on intelligence, and said that there would be minimum need of arms and armed personnel if intelligence was good. “However sophisticated weapons and armed forces a nation may have, but the success in ensuring security to the people depends finally on quality intelligence,” the prime minister said.
The prime minister also lamented the poor image police have got in the media, and particularly in the most popular medium of cinema, and even suggested asking film producers to produce films where the image of the police was projected in a positive way. Chief ministers of eight Northeastern states barring Manipur were also present in the function.
I have a concept of Smart Police in my mind : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
“Films show police in such poor light that the people of the country have developed a very negative image of the police force. I would suggest that the government hire a PR firm and hold a meeting with producers to request projecting the positive rather than the negative image of the police,” Modi said.
Through you a lot of good things are happening in the nation. Why can’t positive stories be put on a website : PM @narendramodi to officers
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He however admitted that police too have certain shortcomings. “There are shortcomings, but there are also ways of removing those shortcomings. One negative news about police run for long time, but hundreds of good things about the police never get the focus,” the prime minister lamented.
The thinking of the people on our police force and change and this can be done through ground realities : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He also suggested creation of a website for each police station and said these should upload at least one positive story about the police station every week. There are lakhs of acts our police have done which have increased faith of individuals on the police. Why don’t we project them? These will not only boost police morale but also help raise trust and faith in the police,” the prime minister said.
Police welfare is another issue. An officer may be very good but it’s important that his/her family is well : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
Pointing out that over 33,000 police personnel have laid down their lives for the country and the people since independence, Modi also called for documentation of their stories. “Sacrifice of these 33,000 brave and dedicated police personnel should not go in vain. They were also sons of mothers who died for the country. I would suggest we collate the stories of each of these martyrs, and develop textbooks for use in training of police personnel in their respective state academies. These will inspire our new recruits. An e-book can also be developed with these stories uploaded in all the languages of our country,” Modi said.

Govt plans N-revival  focuses on investor concernsComments
The Narendra Modi government is working on plans to unshackle the country’s nuclear energy programme by resolving an issue that has frightened away foreign and domestic equipment suppliers alike: The prospect of potentially ruinous payouts in the event of an accident.
Government sources said Prime Minister Modi is understood to have asked his officials for an urgent solution to the problem which has all but neutered the landmark Indo-US nuclear deal of 2008 because equipment suppliers aren’t willing to risk liabilities  that could bankrupt them. The law is unusual in that it holds suppliers, and not just the operator, liable if an accident occurs.
Options the government is considering include: Setting up an insurance pool, fixing a limit on reactor components for the purpose of determining liability, and the PM providing a personal assurance that vendors won’t be harassed unnecessarily in the event of an accident.
 
Ironically, the BJP, which is now in power, found common cause with the Left in rooting for the stringent supplier liability clauses in the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act, 2010. The law was passed before US companies, which were eyeing a big chunk of the Indian market after the N-deal, could make any investments.
Now, the $85 billion civil nuclear programme to increase N-capacity to 63,000 MW from 4,780 MW currently through 30 nuclear reactors is being linked to Modi’s flagship Make in India initiative. US President Barack Obama, due in India in January as chief guest for the Republic Day festivities, would dearly love to see his country investing in the sector.
The insurance pool is proposed to have all stakeholders, both operator and suppliers, contributing to the fund to cover high insurance costs. And size of the fund will depend again on the government’s own contribution, as state-owned Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) is the sole operator of nuclear power plants in the country.
The ministry of finance and the Department of Atomic Energy are working together to give final shape to this proposal. Foreign suppliers, including the American ones, wanted the liability attached to particular components to be fixed so as to ensure that their creditworthiness was not damaged because of the fact that they were operating in India.  That is being addressed as well, sources said.
Former chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, Anil Kakodkar, told HT:  “Both domestic vendors as well as international suppliers have been raising concerns about the liability law. Though many proposals are being discussed by NPCIL and the Department of Atomic Energy to address these concerns, I doubt the language in the law would ever make them happy. But all will have to respect the law of the land.”
The latest trigger for the government’s rethink is the unwillingness of even domestic firms to participate in the 2800 MW, Rs. 23,000-crore Gorakhpur nuclear power project in Haryana.  Private players like Larsen & Toubro (L&T) and Walchandnagar Industries Limited (WIL) have made no secret of their opposition to the liability law.
“As per international practice entire liability is channelised to operator on no fault basis and suppliers are not held liable beyond a specified limit and value,” said MV Kotwal, wholetime director and president (heavy engineering) at L&T.
“WIL has been a long standing nuclear equipment supplier, helping to build the domestic nuclear power capacity. The equipment are manufactured as per the design of NPCIL and it is inspected & cleared by NPCIL engineers at each stage. In which case, the manufacturer should not even qualify for the liability clause,” said GK Pillai, managing director & CEO of WIL.
 
NPCIL CMD, executive director in-charge of the media, and TR Arora , project director Gorakhpur project, didn’t respond to email queries from HT and repeated calls to their offices.

PM Modi stresses on need for  Smart Police   says contribution of policemen should not be ignoredNov 30, 2014 at  10:35am IST
PM Modi stresses on need for 'Smart Police', says contribution of policemen should not be ignored
41
0
Guwahati: Stressing on the need for 'Smart Police' force in the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday addressed the 49th All India DGPs and IGPs conference in Guwahati.
Modi said, "I have a concept of Smart Police in my mind. S stands for strict and sensitive, M for modern and mobility, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsible and T for tech savvy and trained."
Encouraging policemen to highlight the good work done by them, Modi said, "A piece of news about something wrong done by the police stays in the media space for a long time while many reports of their achievements are ignored. We have to correct the wrong perspective that people have about police force. It is important that we do that."
#narendra modi #all india dgps and igps conference #guwahati #policemen
He added that the sacrifice and contribution of a policeman should not be ignored in modern society. He said, "33,000 police personnel sacrificing themselves for the nation is not small. Their sacrifices shouldn't go in vain. We can have an e-book for every state on the martyrs of the police force."
Modi, however, did not lay down policy on terror or international security issues.
Breaking away from tradition this year, the key security meet was held in Assam. "Everyone is wondering that a tradition going on all these years was broken and the meeting was held here in Guwahati. In Delhi, everyone comes with their own work too. Here it's different. Biggest gain has come to the people here in the Northeast," said Modi.
The two-day meet came in the wake of the recent arrest of an ISIS terrorist from Mumbai and also the Burdwan blast in Kolkata that has once again brought to light the prevalence of Jammat modules across the country.
On the first day of the conference, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had said that growing Islamic terror designs in the subcontinent was a major challenge for India and underlined the need to take the threat posed by ISIS very seriously.
"We are concerned about the fact that Indian youngsters are getting drawn to Islamic State," he said.
Singh also blamed "state actors" in Pakistan for trying to destabilise India.
Directors general of police (DGPs), inspectors general of police (IGPs) from all states and union territories, heads of all paramilitary forces, officials from the Intelligence Bureau and all chief ministers of the northeastern states are taking part in the two-day conference.
362

EPFO to become UIDAI registrar to enrol its subscribersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Michael Clarke defends Sean Abbott  says no one blameshimBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:21 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:46 pm
Australian skipper Michael Clarke has offered his full support to distraught bowler Sean Abbott, whose unfortunate bouncer led to the tragic death of young batsman Phillip Hughes.
     
The 22-year-old Abbott has been undergoing counselling ever since the accident took place during a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Tuesday.
Clarke said no one blames Abbott for the unfortunate incident and the entire Australian team stands behind him and will support him in returning to the sport.
“I would like to say some words about Sean Abbott. This is a tremendous young man with a bright future whose life has changed forever by this accident.  And that’s what it is — a freak accident,” Clarke said.
“No-one — not one single person — blames him in any way for what has happened. He deserves our full support, he will absolutely have mine whenever he needs it, and I know that also goes for the entire Australian cricket community.
“Sean, when you feel like getting back on the horse mate, I promise you that I will be the first to strap on the pads and go stand up the end of the net to hit them back at you. It’s exactly what Hugh Dog would want us both to do,” Clarke was quoted as saying in ‘Herald Sun’.
Clarke, who was a close friend of Hughes, also paid glowing tribute to the young Australian and thanked his country men for their support during this crisis.
“I also want to take this opportunity to thank the Australian public for the wonderful words of support that Phillip’s family and team mates have received over the last several days. It’s really brought home to me what I guess I have always known- that all of us who love this game are a family — a big, wide, culturally diverse, passionate family,” he said.
“Nothing can temper the pain and devastation that the Hughes family are now experiencing. But I know that they have taken comfort in the extraordinary outpouring of prayers, tributes and deeds that have filtered down to them from all parts of the world,” Clarke said.
“I also would like to pay tribute to all those people of who touched Phillip’s life and helped him on his cricketing journey in some way. From his junior team mates, to the coaches up on the north coast who noticed and nurtured his prodigious talent, to the umpires who would have tired of signalling his endless 4’s through point.
“They are all part of the wonderful cricket family, and I am sure they are grieving Phillip’s passing deeply.
“The best qualities of Australians have come to the fore this week and I personally have been deeply moved,” he added.

PM Narendra Modi addresses DGP conference in Guwahati  bats for SMARTpolicingPrint
"By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained", Modi said while addressing the DGP's conference in Guwahati. (AP photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:58 am
Police personnel of modern times have to be ‘smart’ in the true sense of the term, with prime minister Narendra Modi on Sunday unveiling an acronym with the same letters, urging cops to be strict and sensitive, modern and mobile, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive, and finally trained and techno-savvy.
“Today’s police have to SMART, with each letter of the acronym having a definite and specific meaning. Only then will there be a new and big awakening among the huge police force that we have,” Modi said, addressing the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here . Sunday was the last day of the two-day conference held for the first time outside the national capital.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Assam. (Source: AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
Modi also asked the police force to lay more importance on intelligence, and said that there would be minimum need of arms and armed personnel if intelligence was good. “However sophisticated weapons and armed forces a nation may have, but the success in ensuring security to the people depends finally on quality intelligence,” the prime minister said.
The prime minister also lamented the poor image police have got in the media, and particularly in the most popular medium of cinema, and even suggested asking film producers to produce films where the image of the police was projected in a positive way. Chief ministers of eight Northeastern states barring Manipur were also present in the function.
I have a concept of Smart Police in my mind : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
“Films show police in such poor light that the people of the country have developed a very negative image of the police force. I would suggest that the government hire a PR firm and hold a meeting with producers to request projecting the positive rather than the negative image of the police,” Modi said.
Through you a lot of good things are happening in the nation. Why can’t positive stories be put on a website : PM @narendramodi to officers
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He however admitted that police too have certain shortcomings. “There are shortcomings, but there are also ways of removing those shortcomings. One negative news about police run for long time, but hundreds of good things about the police never get the focus,” the prime minister lamented.
The thinking of the people on our police force and change and this can be done through ground realities : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He also suggested creation of a website for each police station and said these should upload at least one positive story about the police station every week. There are lakhs of acts our police have done which have increased faith of individuals on the police. Why don’t we project them? These will not only boost police morale but also help raise trust and faith in the police,” the prime minister said.
Police welfare is another issue. An officer may be very good but it’s important that his/her family is well : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
Pointing out that over 33,000 police personnel have laid down their lives for the country and the people since independence, Modi also called for documentation of their stories. “Sacrifice of these 33,000 brave and dedicated police personnel should not go in vain. They were also sons of mothers who died for the country. I would suggest we collate the stories of each of these martyrs, and develop textbooks for use in training of police personnel in their respective state academies. These will inspire our new recruits. An e-book can also be developed with these stories uploaded in all the languages of our country,” Modi said.

Assault on media at Sant Rampal ashram: PCI appoints panel to begininvestigationBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:45 am
A PCI-appointed panel looking into the journalists assault issue outside ‘godman’ Rampal’s ashram has observed that Haryana Police employed “unconstitutional” tactics to prevent media from doing its duty and recommended investigation by administrative officers into the episode.
In its report submitted to PCI, the four-member committee is learnt to have said that police and local administration failed to rise to the situation and resorted to “brute force” against media persons doing their duty.
“This showed lack of training and discipline, and a complete disregard to human rights,” the committee said.
Clashes between police and Sant Rampal supporters in Bharwala in Hisar. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Several media personnel were among those injured on November 18 as clashes erupted at Rampal’s ashram in Barwala in Hisar district with police lobbing teargas shells and using batons to disperse his supporters.
The PCI had set up the committee comprising Sondeep Shankar (Convenor) and Kosuri Amarnath, Rajeev Ranjan Nag and Krishna Prasad (all members) to probe the incident.
In its recommendations, the committee has sought investigation by administrative officers in to the incident and compensation for injured media persons as well as for those whose equipment was damaged during the incident.
The Police has to resort to lathicharge to disperse Rampal’s supporters who allegedly fired back. (Source: IE photo by Praveen Khanna)
It also sought identification and suspension of the policemen responsible for the attack on media persons and fast tracking their cases. The panel also said that false cases foisted on media persons should be withdrawn immediately.
The panel observed that TV channels were airing disturbing visuals of people injured in the police action being dragged out of the operational area by policemen in a most inhuman manner.
“Haryana Police employed unconstitutional and inhuman tactics to prevent the media from discharging its duties,” the panel added.
The committee said the assault on media personnel and equipment amounts to a “prima facie violation of fundamental freedom guaranteed to the media under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution”.
Rampal being taken into police custody.
After speaking to media persons who were on the spot in Hisar, the panel noted that it appeared that it was a very well coordinated and well-timed attack on media persons.
The report said that it took just 30 minutes for police to clear the operational area of media persons continued…

Indo-US poultry case: India may challenge WT...American poultry product
(India has 60 days to appeal…)
NEW DELHI: India is likely to challenge a WTO panel's ruling which had described the country's ban on American poultry product imports as inconsistent with global norms.
The Department of Commerce is working on the "feasibility of filing an appeal against the WTO's panel report" in consultation with the Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries, sources said.
In its ruling on October 14, the WTO panel had said that India's measures are "arbitrarily and unjustifiably discriminate between Members where identical or similar conditions prevail and are applied in a manner which constitutes a disguised restriction on international trade".
India has 60 days to appeal before the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organisation against the decision of the dispute settlement panel.
In March 2012, the US had dragged India to the WTO against India's ban on imports of certain American farm products, including poultry meat and eggs. India had banned imports of various agricultural products from the US in 2007, as a precautionary measure to prevent outbreaks of Avian Influenza in the country.
India is one of the potential market for the US which is one of the world's largest exporter of chicken meat.
According to a report, India's broiler meat consumption is increasing and may touch 3.72 million tonnes in 2014 from 3.45 million tonnes in 2013.
Further, India and the US are also engaged in consultations on another dispute at the WTO with regard to New Delhi's solar mission plan.
In February, the US had dragged India to WTO on country's solar mission plan and alleged that the plan discriminates against American products.
Sources said that after the constitution of a panel, the US made its written submission on October 24 and India will be making its written submission on December 5.
After filing of a complaint by a member, the WTO sets up dispute settlement panel to examine the complaint.
On January 11, 2010, India launched its national solar policy. India has an ambitious target of generating 20,000 megawatts of solar power by 2022.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No green nod needed for 74 coal blocks to be...You are here: Home > Collections
No green nod needed for 74 coal blocks to be auctioned in February
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 11.23AM IST
Tags:
Coal
(The 74 coal mines, which…)
NEW DELHI: The 74 coal mines, which the government plans to auction to specific end-users in the first phase of bidding on February 11, will not require any green clearances, a top official has said.
The auction will be for the private sector, while state-owned companies will get mines via allotment.
The 74 blocks to be auctioned are from 204 mines whose allocations were quashed terming their allotment as "arbitrary and illegal" by the Supreme Court .
"In these 74 blocks, the clearances that have been given in the past shall pass on to the new allotees. The Ministry of Environment and Forests is working out a formulation. But in principle they have agreed that there would not be any requirement for fresh clearances," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup said.
"Land acquisition is not an issue for these blocks, nor environment clearances," he added.
The government had last week announced auctioning and allotment of 74 blocks - 42 blocks, which are already into production and another 32 which are ready for production--in the first phase of bidding.
These blocks have a potential to produce 210 million tonnes of coal.
Asked about the remaining 130 mines, Swarup said the focus as of now is on the blocks, which were already producing or ready for production, and the matters related to the remaining blocks would be taken up later as "there are many other things to be done. So there is no urgency in that".
To a question when the government intends to allow commercial mining, Swarup said: "The government is first considering these 74 coal blocks. Thereafter, a view will be taken on whether or when or how commercial mining will happen."
The government had also announced that it is considering auctioning or allotting more than 74 blocks in the first phase as it wants enough number of coal mines available to power firms.
It is in the process of finalising the exact number of additional mines on the basis of the nature of the blocks.
The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly. The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will healthcare be India s next big internet...After Flipkart & Makemytrip, will healthcare industry give India its next big internet business?
Rahul Sachitanand, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 06.52AM IST
Tags:
(A bunch of online businesses…)
Over the past decade-and-a-half, different startups have leveraged the internet to ease the day-to-day lives of consumers.
The first big opportunity arose when Makemytrip and its rivals revolutionized the travel industry by overhauling travel bookings; then Flipkart showed how to build a billion-dollar business by bringing modern retail to the computers (and mobiles) of consumers.
Most recently, the likes of Zomato, BookMyShow and Justdial have shown how the internet can be used to re-architect the food and beverage, events and local search spaces, respectively.
Now, a clutch of companies is looking to do the same with healthcare — specifically the chaotic and fragmented business for medical practitioners — and build the next big internet business out of India.
These companies, ranging in age from six years (like the sector's proverbial 800-pound gorilla Practo) to those that are barely a year old, are using the internet to aggregate and organize data on doctors, clinics, hospitals and other healthcare businesses, and provide a platform for consumers to access them.
Then, some of them are targeting the doctors themselves. They have jumped into the heart of a doctor's business — patient appointments, records and billings — to try to digitize what have been sheaves of paper.
In the past year and more, these companies have been gaining significant traction — market leader Practo to date has managed some 15 million records and booked 16.6 million appointments with 109,000 doctors across 351 towns and cities — even as investors, eager for their next big payout after e-commerce, begin to bite.
Investors Pop the Pill
The likes of Sequoia Capital and Nexus Venture are just a couple of venture capitalists that have backed firms in this space, even as others such as Matrix Partners weigh investments in this burgeoning market.
Avnish Bajaj was one of the early success stories of India's internet revolution — a startup called Bazee.com he cofounded was sold to eBay a decade ago for $55 million in 2004.
Now, he thinks the healthcare market could spawn India's next big internet smash hit. And, as the founder of Matrix Partners, an early-stage investor, he's keenly watching this space.
"India is mainly a cash economy for healthcare and people have a choice of which doctor to approach unlike the West, where you're forced to choose from a predetermined pool due to insurance restrictions," he says.
However, this choice is a doubleedged sword, since reaching these doctors isn't easy. Enter the online facilitators.
"These companies can solve a pressing consumer problem and in the process build a large and scalable internet company. Why can't the next Zomato be from the healthcare space?" wonders Bajaj. Entrepreneurs seem to agree.
"The use of technology in healthcare is limited, especially for a consumer," says Shashank ND, cofounder of Bangalore-based Practo. "Finding a doctor, booking an appointment and getting a bill and the overall experience at a clinic or hospital are, for a consumer, a poor experience."
  The chaos — a large market, multiple customer pain points and a lack of technology in healthcare — may be an ideal setting for the likes of Practo. "The use of technology can revolutionize customer experience in this industry," says Shashank.
His firm, he contends, has proven this business is viable. "Practo Ray, the practice management software, has become dominant in its field — 15% of doctors use some form of this software and 90% of them use our product," he claims.
Products such as Practo Ray have helped overhaul the perception of a doctor's business. Users can get printed — rather than illegibly-scrawled — prescriptions, appointment reminders are messaged to patients and invoices digitally stored. "We have upgraded the customer experience," he says.
Virtual Remedies
This is just the reason Hemanshu Mehta, a dentist with a clinic in Mumbai's Sion suburb, signed up with Practo. The clinic, which is usually packed through the week, needed a software package to manage patient appointments and records and help the doctor access them on the go. "Earlier, five out of 10 patients would give us excuses for not turning up," says Mehta between appointments.
"Now, they get a call and an automated text message reminder to keep them updated." Recently, the doctor has also begun to use Practo Hello, a virtual receptionist, to add another layer of technology to his operation. This tool, he adds, allows him to track the booking of appointments, access patient records and data — and reach out to them directly — while he is on the move. "Patient care has become much more manageable and flexible with these tools," he says.

KCR rules out privatisation of RTCUpdated: November 30, 2014 11:55 IST
KCR rules out privatisation of RTC
Special Correspondent
The new fleet of 80 low-floor high-end Volvo buses in Hyderabad on Saturday. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
Chief Minister flags off 80 Volvo 8400 air-conditioned Metro Luxury buses
Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao on Saturday said there were no plans to privatise the yet-to-be-bifurcated Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) as feared by some sections. He also announced a special ‘Telangana’ increment for about 57,000 employees working in the 10 districts of the new State, with immediate effect.
He also said that August 19, the day when the intensive household survey was conducted by the government and when the RTC employees worked, would be declared a holiday and treated as special casual leave. He was addressing RTC employees at the People’s Plaza before flagging off an 80-strong fleet of Volvo 8400 air-conditioned Metro Luxury buses that would ply on four main routes here.
The Chief Minister said his Government was also working on a massive plan to lay new roads where there were none and re-carpet over 30,000 km of roads across the State, in addition to taking up double-laning of all roads between mandal and district headquarters.
Lauding the corporation’s Managing Director J. Purnachandra Rao and Joint Managing Director (Telangana) G.V. Ramana Rao for following up the JNNURM proposals and getting the new buses, he asked them to create changing rooms for women employees at bus stations.
Union Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya said the Metro Luxury buses would mark the beginning of a new chapter in the new State and promised that he would speak to Union Minister for Surface Transport Nitin Gadkari and see that the corporation got Centre’s support.
Transport Minister P. Mahender Reddy said the corporation currently had about 10,000 buses running in the 10 districts of the new State. “There are about 1,300 villages that were not served as there were no roads. But we will soon ensure that they are connected by buses,” he promised.

FPI inflows hit $4 billion in NovemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amit Shah to hold rally in Kolkata todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RBI policy to set tone for markets; volatility on cards: ExpertsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

This is not a re rating. it has taken its own sweet time to move from ...72 Followers
History Repeats.
And it may repeat again. However this time it may move a little bit different due to external and political influences in the outside environment. A bonus if at all happens in 2015 we may see levels exceeding 800 during that time. This next couple of years are different to the past many years. The changes and implementation of various legislation, acts and ease of access may result strong scrips like castrol make super new highs. Like I mentioned earlier I have been recommending castrol since it was trading at around 290 - 300, you may see from my past messages and I have also been recommending Tata Motors DVR at very low levels and the same was with scrips like DR Reddy. One should look at the company history, past and current performance, Past/Current Statements / Balance sheets/p&l statement and keep track of bulk deals and other influencing factors before vesting in a paricular scrip.
In reply to : Guest message
1.19 AM Dec 6th

It is better to concentrate on waterbase as its work in mi andhra pard...India vannamei output may stabilize after crossing 400,000t mark
November 14, 2014, 3:49 pm
Undercurrent News
Production of vannamei shrimp in India is likely to stabilize after reaching 400,000 metric tons due to stress factors, a veteran seafood exporter told the Financial Express.
Vannamei shrimps were introduced in India in 2009 and have expanded rapidly relative to traditional black tiger shrimp.
Last year, India exported nearly 170,000t of vannamei. This helped the export sector gain in most advanced markets, due to the competitiveness of vannamei when compared to black tiger.
Most countries engaged in vannamei have seen production grow rapidly in the first few years and then slow down due to various factors, Anwar Hashim, managing director of Abad Fisheries and former president of Seafood Exporters Association of India (SEAI) told Financial Express.
“In India, we are also experiencing a resistance to further growth with farmers unable to get the desired size and quantity. This may be due to factors like spurious seeds, high density stocking, climatic changes or stunted growth, but resistance is visible,” he said. “Demand for vannamei is surging, with global supply cut drastically short by the disease early mortality syndrome (EMS).
Some hatcheries are even exporting smaller count vannamei due to the surge in price. Spurious seeds and broods are finding market due to the demand,” a shrimp farmer from Nellore said.
The Prawn Farmers Federation of India reports that by 2015, vannamei farms could be as large as 150,000 ha (hectares) from the current 80,000 ha. But the federation is concerned that producers could eventually see returns declining as EMS hit countries start to recover.
Rabobank estimates Indian vannamei production to increase five-fold in the near future. It reports that India, among others, has the potential to increase shrimp production many times its current production due to its large river systems providing ideal shrimp farming conditions.
India was forced to adopt vannamei or white shrimp due to competitive reasons. Black tiger (monodon) shrimp has higher production cost and lower yield than vannamei.
According to SEAI sources, vannamei costs $2.29 per kg to produce, which is only half the production cost for the Indian species. Farmers can produce 20t of small to medium vannamei per hectare, but only 2-3t of large monodon per hectare.
With shrimp diseases still ravaging black tiger farms, the survival rate of shrimp in most of farms is about 40%. The price of this farmed variety is at least 15% than vannamei in the global market. Vannamei’s survival rate is close to 95-98% compared to the black tigers at 40%.
Dependency on one type of shrimp is one of the challenges facing the Indian shrimp industry as vannamei slowly eats into black tiger farming. The case of Thailand which fell prey to EMS is a pointer. Production in Thailand fell from 640,000t in 2010 to an estimated level of around 200,000t for 2014.
In September, an Indian entrepreneur told Undercurrent News the country could hit 500,000t in 2015.
“In 2014, I think we will hit a production level of 350,000 metric tons. For 2015, this could be 500,000t, if all goes well,” Marimuthu Sudhakaran, a farm and hatchery operator expanding into processing, said.
“Although India has some problems with production, the area of farming is increasing. In 2009, we had 100,000 hectares of farms and only 20% was vannamei,” he said.
In 2014, there is 150,000 ha, with 80,000 ha for vannamei and 70,000 ha for black tiger.
“For 2015, we think the area could increase by 20% and there would be 180,000 ha and 150,000 ha for vannamei and 30,000 ha for monodon. We have problems with disease, with white spot and white feces, but we will have growth in farming area for the next two years,” Sudhakaran told Undercurrent.
As many as 15 new shrimp processing plants are being planned or built in Andhra Pradesh, he said.

O nifty all time high/but o 1]oil and natural gas corporationO nifty all time high/but
o 1]oil and natural gas corporation
o today’s low/high 376. 95  389. 00
o 52 wk low/high 264. 15  471. 85*****this is the reality... If nifty comes down the fate on investors due to any reason what will the fate of ongc
o 2] uco bank
o today’s low/high 83. 15  88. 90
o 52 wk low/high 61. 95  115. 60******
o 3]tata consultancy services
o today’s low/high 2635. 35  2691. 90
o 52 wk low/high 1970. 00  2839. 70******
o 4]reliance industries
o today’s low/high 983. 20  1017. 35
o 52 wk low/high 793. 10  1145. 25**********
o 5]coal india
o today’s low/high 346. 50  357. 70
o 52 wk low/high 240. 30  423. 70*****
o 6]ntpc
o today’s low/high 140. 85  143. 25
o 52 wk low/high 110. 65  168. 90*****
o 7jsw steel
o today’s low/high 1196. 20  1220. 00
o 52 wk low/high 804. 00  1366. 50*****
o 8]mahindra and mahindra
o today’s low/high 1295. 00  1327. 90
o 52 wk low/high 846. 60  1433. 70*****  avin 57
In reply to : avin 57 message
11.58 AM Nov 30th

Dear rr  if you talk like a layman like you are saying from the ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

At a $1.6-trillion high  BSE cements place in world s top-10 stock market listSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Leading bourse Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) today cemented its position among the ten largest exchanges of the world in terms of total market capitalisation of listed firms, after hitting a milestone of Rs 100 lakh crore for the first time.
The BSE ranks at 10th position globally with a market cap of over $1.6 trillion, crossing Rs 100-trillion mark in the rupee terms for the first time ever. It is the largest exchange in the world in terms of number of listed companies.
Another Indian bourse National Stock Exchange (NSE) ranks 11th in terms of market capitalisation of its listed companies, as the number of firms on its platform is lower than that of the BSE.
The leading US bourse NYSE is on the top with a total market cap of $19.1 trillion, as per the latest data from World Federation of Exchange (WFE) as on October 31, 2014.
It is followed by Nasdaq OMX, Japan Exchange Group of Tokyo, Euronext and Hong Kong Exchanges in the top five. Others ranked higher than BSE include Shanghai Stock Exchange of China, TMX Group of Canada, Shenzhen Stock Exchange of China and Deutsche Boerse of Germany at 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th positions, respectively.
The BSE, whose market capitalisation has grown by over $500 billion since the beginning of this year, ranks higher than exchanges like SIX Swiss Exchange, Australian Stock Exchange, Korea Exchange, BME Spanish Exchanges and Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange, among large global exchanges.
The stock exchange also ranks among the top ten global bourses in terms of number of equity trades. The BSE recorded 32.39 crore equity trades between January and October, this year, making it the eighth largest exchange in the world in this category.
As many as 5,527 companies are listed on the BSE and the number of registered investors stands at 2.66 crore.
TAGS: Bombay Stock Exchange BSE India National Stock Exchange
More from indianmarkets

Sebi fines SBI  ICCI  4 other merchant banks for disclosure lapses in CARE IPOSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
In a major clampdown for “suppression of material facts” in IPO documents, Sebi today penalised merchant banking arms of SBI, ICICI, Kotak Mahindra, IDBI, DSP Merrill Lynch and Edelweiss groups for lapses during the public offer of rating agency CARE two years ago.
The six merchant banks have been asked to pay a fine of Rs 1 crore — the maximum penalty applicable for violation of disclosure related norms in IPO documents — within 45 days.
Taking a strong view about the violation of Sebi norms as also the Code of Conduct for merchant banks and book-running lead managers (BRLMs) for public issues, Sebi said in its 86-page order: “While making disclosures in the Red Herring Prospectus, the BRLMs cannot pick and choose some material facts that they prefer to disclose and suppress some material facts.
“If material facts are suppressed or distorted as in the extant case, the very safety and integrity of the securities market would become a cause of concern for the regulators and the investors.”
The IPO came in December 2012, prior to which these six bankers had filed a Red Herring Prospectus for the public issue involving sale of nearly 72 lakh shares.
In this case, the bankers had made disclosure of one of the conditions under the FDI route in the RHP, terming it as “a material disclosure” because CARE had specifically sought such approval from RBI.
At the same time, they omitted the disclosure of another condition applicable to the Offer under the FDI route (though the compliance of the same was specifically directed by RBI while granting exemption to non-resident investors participating in the Offer) by unilaterally assuming the non-applicability of the said condition.
The proposed IPO of CARE (Credit Analysis and Research Ltd) was through the offer for sale route.
It was observed that CARE had received a letter in September 2012 from the RBI agreeing to exempt non-resident investors participating in the offer for sale, from the requirement of obtaining a No Objection Certificate from their respective regulators.
One of the conditions stipulated by RBI while exempting non-resident investors participating in the offer from obtaining NoCs was that the minimum capitalisation norms applicable to Non Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) are strictly adhered to by CARE.
Subsequently, CARE had written to RBI stating that investment by Foreign Institutional Investors, NRIs and Qualified Foreign Investors in the offer would not be foreign direct investment (FDI).
It has also said that relevant regulations and the conditions applicable for FDI including minimum capitalisation norms prescribed would not be applicable to the company in respect of the offer.
The market regulator observed that CARE and the merchant bankers had proceeded with the issue in the absence of any response from RBI and that limited disclosures were made in the prospectus.
According to Sebi, the disclosure in the RHP did not mention the conditional nature of the exemption granted by RBI to the non-resident investors.
The market regulator noted that “it was only since RBI on the penultimate day of the closing of CARE’s Offer for Sale permitted six months time to CARE to comply with the minimum capitalisation norm and further granted extension up to September 30, 2013, the FIIs who participated in the Offer prior to the issue of the addendum by the BRLMs did not end up contravening FEMA [Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer of Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations]”.
It added: “Nevertheless, this cannot undermine the act of the BRLMs to misrepresent/ suppress material facts in the prospectus with respect to RBI’s letter dated September 26, 2012 to CARE, which was against the interest of the non- resident investors participating in the Offer.”
TAGS: Kotak Mahindra Bank SBI Sebi
More from indianmarkets

Government Eyes Rs 90 000 Crore From PSU Bank Stake SaleYou are here: Home Economy
Government Plans to Raise Rs 90,000 Cr by Cutting Stake in PSU Banks
Reuters | Updated On: November 28, 2014 14:51 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
The government plans to raise about Rs 89,120 crore ($14.4 billion) by reducing its stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent, the junior finance minister said on Friday, sending shares of state lenders higher.
The government holds stakes ranging from 56 percent to 84 percent in 24 state-run banks that account for 70 percent of total outstanding loans of about $1 trillion or Rs 61.92 lakh crore in Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-run lenders are estimated to need as much as $60 billion or Rs 3.7 lakh crore in capital over the next four years to meet upcoming global regulations and to build a buffer against rising bad loans.
While the Indian government has traditionally funded the state lenders - to the tune of about $13 billion or Rs 80,496 crore over the past decade - it is now striving to reduce the capital injections to lower its budget deficit.
Cutting its stakes "would substantially reduce the requirement of budgetary provision for infusion of capital in public sector banks," Jayant Sinha told Parliament in a written statement.
Bank shares, which were trading higher before the news as the market bets on an interest rate cut next week, extended gains. The index of state lenders rose as much as 5.8 percent to its highest level in more than 3-1/2 years.
Top lender State Bank of India (SBI) rose as much as 5.3 percent, while second-largest Bank of Baroda jumped 8.3 percent.
Finance ministry officials say the federal cabinet is expected to take a final decision on the issue of stake sale soon. A bunch of state lenders including SBI are awaiting the government's approval to sell shares to raise capital.
Analysts say bigger state-run banks have a better chance to raise capital from the market, but remain sceptical of smaller lenders' ability to attract investors.
Indian state-run banks have been burdened by high bad debt levels and corporate governance issues. A central bank-appointed panel this year recommended the government cut its stake in state lenders to below 50 percent.
($1 = Rs 61.9200)

Q2 GDP growth at 5.3%; slower than previous quarterQ2 GDP growth at 5.3% versus 5.2% YoY; slower than Q1 growth of 5.7%
ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.05AM IST
Tags:
FICCI
(GDP rose 5.3% in the second…)
NEW DELHI: India's gross domestic product grew better than expected in the July-September quarter but slower than the nine-quarter high recorded in the preceding three-month period, ratcheting up pressure on the Reserve Bank of India to cut rates next week and suggesting that more needs to be done to pull the economy out of its slump.
GDP rose 5.3% in the second quarter of FY15, better than the 5.1% expectation, but below 5.7% recorded in the April-June period, according to data released by the statistics office on Friday. July-September growth in the year earlier was 5.2%. Growth hit decadal lows in the past two years, coming in below 5%.
RBI's monetary policy announcement will be on December 2. There is still no sign of a pick-up in investment. Growth came from government spending, which may not be strong for the rest of the year, and the unexpectedly higher agriculture expansion of 3.2% despite patchy monsoons may not be sustained.
Manufacturing, a key focus area of the new regime with its Make in India drive, grew only 0.1% in the July-September quarter.
With exports again contracting in October because of the sluggish global economy, industrial activity is likely to remain subdued.
Industry as a whole, which includes mining, manufacturing and electricity, grew by 1.1% in the quarter ended September, lower than 1.8% in the second quarter of the previous fiscal.
Construction grew only 4.6% in Q2, providing another piece of evidence that the anticipated investment-led bounce in the economy has not yet made an appearance. "The domestic economy performed better than what was expected in Q2 FY15. However, it must be noted that this was largely on account of higher government spending," Care Ratings said in a note, warning that this could be reversed because of constrained finances.
Community, social and personal services — largely government spending — rose 9.6% in the quarter, a pace that won't be maintained because of fiscal deficit pressure.Data released on Friday showed that the government hit 89.6% of the full-year fiscal deficit target at the end of October, with another five months to go.
"Given the low rise in the tax collections of government, expenditure curtailment to ensure that fiscal targets are met could dampen GDP growth in the remainder of this fiscal," said Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA.
  The finance ministry said growth was along expected lines.
"It may be mentioned that the Economic Survey 2013-14 had predicted the growth of GDP to be in the range of 5.4% to 5.9%. In the first half of the year, the growth has been 5.5%, which is broadly in line with the projections as well as the expectations," the ministry said in a statement. Economist Rajiv Kumar urged RBI to start cutting rates immediately, saying real interest rates faced by investors are well into the positive territory. Industry also pitched in with demands for a rate cut.
"RBI should review its status quoist approach and move towards paring interest rates in its forthcoming monetary policy to give a fillip to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment," CII said in a statement.
"RBI has to balance the objective," said DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil. "Conditions (are) getting right for a rate cut, but some amount of caution will not hurt. Growth will pick up going ahead.
Inflation has eased but it is better to wait some more till it stays low for some more time. Oil prices have really helped, which is a 'good luck' factor, but core inflation is higher than overall inflation." The government has indicated that it supports rate cuts, although Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has also pointed out that this was RBI's prerogative.
Former finance minister P Chidambaram said it is not surprising second-quarter growth has come in at 5.3%. "When the government rushed to take credit for the first quarter's growth rate of 5.7%, I had cautioned them. All the signs of a sluggish economy were there — low credit growth, a limping manufacturing sector, no new major investments, stalled projects, infrastructure bottlenecks, etc. Government should have focused on these matters," he said in a statement.
Most experts were, however, optimistic about things turning around in the second half of the fiscal. "Going forward, while trends in bank credit, tax collections and non-oil non-gold imports remain weak, the reform momentum post the assembly polls, improving liquidity conditions and project clearances prompt us to retain our full-year growth estimate of 5.6% in FY15 v/s 4.7% last year," Rohini Malkani of Citi said in a note.

NREGA: A major roadblock to economic developmentNovember 29, 2014, 5:59 am IST Economic Times in ET Citings | India | ET
12
By Ashok Guha
The debate about the pros and cons of the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) is back. Supporters of the Act stress its role in alleviation of rural unemployment and poverty and the supposedly small share of GNP that it absorbs. Its opponents claim that it leaks copiously, that its redistributive effects are marginal, that any substantive impact it could possibly have on poverty would entail a budgetary cost far larger than envisaged, accelerating inflation and hindering growth.
Neither group focuses on its most far-reaching consequences: the NREGA guarantees every rural family in every location 100 man days of employment at, or above, minimum wages. Thereby it undermines incentives for labour mobility from low-productivity agriculture to regions of higher productivity. The outcome, other things being equal, is an immediate decline in output.
Is this offset by the ‘durable assets’ supposedly created by the scheme? No. The NREGA is specifically designed to maximise employment. The most labour-intensive techniques are used, energy and transport requirements minimised, no tools beyond the most rudimentary employed, materials restricted to the cheapest locally available sources, supervision – if any – concentrated on disbursement of wages, not on creation of an end-product.
Most schemes are never completed. Those that are, do not survive the next monsoon, thus creating an opportunity for a fresh project with the same end. All this is not a mere flaw in implementation. It is inherent in the objectives and design of scheme itself.
The NREGA actually visualises creation by government on a vast scale and at the taxpayer’s expense of what was once called ‘disguised unemployment’. Perhaps the reduction in output is offset by the increased well-being of rural labour
After all, which Bihari worker, given the option of reasonable wages for staying home without a necessary obligation to produce anything, would prefer to migrate to work in the fields of Punjab or the factories of Maharashtra? And surely his obvious preference when offered this choice indicates that the NREGA has ensured a massive increase in his well-being, right? Wrong.
The individual worker makes his choices under the entirely correct assumption that he personally can do nothing to change his economic environment. He must, for example, accept the inflation rate as given. But when millions of workers make the same choice, seduced by government policy away from productive work into essentially symbolic employment, this transforms the economic environment. Notably, it sharply reduces output, thus generating inflation even if fully funded by taxes, even if it does not add a single rupee to the budget deficit.
Of course, if the NREGA mobilised only the unemployed, it would not curtail the labour supply. Were this true, however, it would not raise wages – one of the major benefits claimed on its behalf by its protagonists. In fact, of course, the scheme has raised wages. But this necessarily implies that it has reduced output and stimulated inflation. Indeed, the acceleration of inflation since 2008, when the NREGA was rolled out nation-wide is quite palpable.
Since the rural worker was never offered the choice between price stability without the NREGA and inflation with it, one doesn’t know what they would have preferred. The notion that the scheme makes the rural poor better off is a classic example of the Keynesian ‘fallacy of composition’, the belief that what is true for the individual is necessarily true for the aggregate. Since NREGA was restricted to rural labour, it primarily impaired agricultural labour supply and output, precipitating unprecedented food price inflation. It thus paved the way for the Food Security Act (FSA). If agricultural prices rise rapidly, protection of the poor by essentially free supply of cereals is economically plausible and politically indisputable. Of course, this does not contain inflation; it merely deflects it on to higher-quality non-cereal food (vegetables, fruit, milk, oil, pulses, eggs, meat, fish, sugar) and to manufactures. The rise in these prices which precipitated the UPA’s electoral debacle is no mystery. It was largely a consequence of NREGA.
The NREGA, of course, like the FSA, is electorally well-entrenched. The poor voter believes that it add to his welfare. It is, however, a major roadblock to economic development.
(The writer is Professor Emeritus, Economics, School of International Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University)
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Online issuance of PAN cards for companies on the anvilOnline issuance of PAN cards for companies on the anvil
PTI Nov 28, 2014, 10.50PM IST
Tags:
Ajit Kumar Seth
(Government is moving towards…)
NEW DELHI: Government is moving towards online issuance of PAN cards to companies as part of several measures to improve country's investment climate as well as its ranking in the ease of doing business index.
Cabinet Secretary Ajit Kumar Seth today discussed with senior government officials and industry representatives ways to improve investment climate in the country.
They also deliberated upon ways to better India's ranking in the ease of doing business index.
Secretaries from different departments including DIPP, MSME, Labour, and Commerce were present at the meeting along with the members of industry body Ficci, CII and traders.
Later, the Commerce Ministry tweeted that the Revenue Secretary has said the department was "moving towards online issuance of PAN card immediately on issue of registration by Ministry of Corporate Affairs ".
Industry leaders said the investment climate is improving and the government is taking several steps to improve ease of doing business in the country.
Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R C Bhargava said all the senior officials heard the views and comments of the industry.
"We are very optimistic. The government has informed us what they are doing (on the matter) and what all steps they would take," he said.
Various issues came up for discussions including skill development and taxation laws, he added.
Ficci President Sidharth Birla said the government is planning several steps to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index.
India has been ranked 142 among the 189 countries in the latest report of the World Bank , falling two places from last year's ranking.
The meeting assumes significance as government is aiming to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed a series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
The MSME Secretary said that eight states have already implemented online registration of MSME companies .
Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher said that the ministry would soon introduce a single window clearance system.
There is a need to bring down the number documents for exports to three by 1st April 2015 from nine, Kher said.
"A single labour portal launched providing facility for clearance of 16 labour laws at one place. 6 states have also joined portal," Labour Secretary said.
Representatives of pharmaceutical export promotion council said that regulatory approvals need to be simplified.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can you identify the famous woman in this pictureTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Tue 16 Dec, 2014, 8:04 PM IST - India Markets closed
Chanda Kochhar makes a clean sweep for ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’
Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO of ICICI Bank participated in the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’. Kochhar and some other employees of ICICI Bank cleaned the area around the Backbay Reclamation branch of ICICI Bank in Mumbai. Here are some images.
Recommend
Preparations begin for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan (Photo couresy: ICICI Bank)
1 / 11
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Bank stocks cash in on oils wild slideSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
Banking stocks received another booster from OPEC’s decision on oil production and the sharp decline in crude oil prices thereafter on Thursday, increasing hopes of a possible rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at its bimonthly credit policy on December 2.
India’s largest lender by assets, State Bank of India (SBI) surged 5.4%, while other public-sector lenders such as Canara Bank, Punjab National Bank (PNB), and Bank of Baroda (BoB) rose 7.5-8%, lifting the bank index to a new record.
The Bank Nifty jumped 2.72% or 490.65 points to 18513.15. All 12 stocks on the index ended in the green. BoB surged to record highs, while PNB advanced to its highest level in over three years. SBI shares rose to near four-year high. Federal Bank rose to another record as did IndusInd Bank, Yes Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank.
Analysts said the OPEC decision to maintain status quo on oil production – at 30 million barrels a day – is good news for oil-importing countries like India whose economic targets, including inflation, depend heavily on international oil prices.
Crude oil prices fell nearly 7% on Thursday to a four-and-a-half year low after the OPEC decided against a cut in oil production. Analysts were expecting OPEC to cut output by 1.5-2 million barrels per day in the wake of declining oil prices. Brent prices have fallen nearly 30% in the last three months, data showed.
“The stars are aligning for a rate cut,” said Aseem Dhru, MD and CEO of HDFC Securities. “The current slide in crude oil prices is no flash in the pan. It is a harbinger of future low prices. This will give the government the elbow room to reduce petroleum product prices further, which will further bring inflation down, and in turn clear the smog for the RBI governor,” Dhru added.
India was the world’s fourth-largest consumer of crude oil and petroleum products in 2013, after the US, China, and Japan. The country depends heavily on imported crude oil according to US Energy Information Administration (EIA).
The surprise rate cut by the Chinese central bank last week and the finance minister Arun Jaitley’s forthcoming meeting with the RBI governor ahead of the policy gave a fillip to bank stocks, analysts said.
“While we do not expect the RBI to drop its guard against long-term inflation pressures, we think the RBI will find it difficult to ignore the large easing in inflation momentum and is likely to tone down its hitherto hawkish policy rhetoric,” Barclays said in an investor note. There’s an “outside chance” of a cut next week “if Governor Rajan wants to surprise,” they said.
Governor Rajan has kept one of Asia’s highest interest rates unchanged since January after pledging to lower Indian inflation once and for all when he took over the central bank last year.
TAGS: OPEC SBI State Bank Of India
More from indianmarkets

The tongue in cheek review of UngliNew Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:48 pm | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:36 pm
Ungli is a film about four friends trying to change India; sadly, the comedy in the film ends in that statement. The movie has too much happening and, ultimately, you lose the plot. We watched Ungli, and ended up with all five fingers covering our face!
As usual, our Express LOL reporter attended the red carpet premiere of the film, and ran into Sanjay Dutt first.
Our reporter’s next guest was another man who has tried to change India: Aamir Khan.
Finally, he ran into Bruce Wayne in a dark corner, and picked his brain on what it meant to be a vigilante.

Egypt court acquits Mubarak  his commanders of murder chargeEgypt court acquits Mubarak, his commanders of murder charge
PTI
Reuters Supporters of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak react after an Egyptian court on Saturday dropped case against ousted president Hosni Mubarak on charges of ordering the killing of protesters during the 2011 revolt.
Cairo, Nov 29:  
Ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was today acquitted of a murder charge by a court which found him not guilty in the killing of hundreds of unarmed protesters during the 2011 revolution that toppled the former strongman’s nearly three decades-long regime.
In a dramatic reversal of fortune, Judge Mahmud Kamel al-Rashidi also acquitted Mubarak of corruption charges for exporting gas to Israel.
“It was not suitable to try him of crimes according to the penal code,” al-Rashidi said as he threw out the murder case.
The judgment overturns the life sentence Mubarak received in June 2012, and means he will face no punishment for allegedly sanctioning the murder of 846 protesters during Egypt’s 2011 uprising or for allegedly profiting from the export of gas at below-market rates.
The courtroom erupted in cheers when the judge concluded Mubarak’s retrial by dismissing the charges.
The court ruled that Mubarak’s seven former security commanders, including his former interior minister Habib al-Adly, were “innocent” in the killing of anti-government protesters during the 2011 revolution.
The 86-year-old, dressed in his trademark shades and wearing the blue clothes of a convict, was wheeled into the caged dock on an upright stretcher.
His two sons were also acquitted from all corruption charges.
The final verdict of Mubarak’s retrial was issued in 1,430 pages, al-Rashidi said.
Mubarak was sentenced to life in prison in 2012 but the verdict was successfully appealed in January, 2013, as the presiding judge ruled that there was not enough evidence presented by the prosecution. His retrial began in April 2013.
Though Mubarak was not convicted on any charges today, he still will not be freed as in May, a Cairo court sentenced Mubarak to three years in prison for embezzlement.
Mubarak is serving the sentence at a military hospital on the southern outskirts of Cairo.
In May 2011, al-Adly was also convicted of money laundering and profiteering, for which he received a 12-year jail sentence. The Court of Cassation overturned the conviction and ordered a retrial.
Mubarak’s sons Alaa and Gamal are currently serving four-year prison terms for embezzlement of state funds.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Kiss of Love deferred after police refuse permission‘Kiss of Love’ deferred after police refuse permission
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Nov 29:  
After Bengaluru police rejected permission for the ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign that was proposed for tomorrow, the organisers today decided to postpone the controversial event for a future date.
“In order to allay their fears, we have now issued a detailed reply to the police which clearly outlines our intention behind organising the event. Therefore, we are postponing the event (Kiss of Love) to a future date based on their reply,” the organisers said in a statement here posted on Facebook.
The organisers had earlier announced that they would go ahead with the event tomorrow, defying police order which had refused to give a nod to it, contending it would be an act of obscenity.
The planned event had earned opprobrium from all political parties in the state who found it unacceptable, besides raising the hackles of right-wing organisations which have threatened to counter it.
The organisers contended that the “Kiss of Love” is protected under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution which guarantees freedom of speech and expression.
It is also legally wrong to presume that an act is obscene without seeing it in the larger context of the meaning behind the act, the organisers added.
The organisers also said they have alerted the police to a number of judicial precedents on the point and hope they would reconsider their decision so that they can hold the event on another day without any disruptions.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Bombers may target Imrans rally tomorrow: Pak intelligenceBombers may target Imran’s rally tomorrow: Pak intelligence
PTI
Tweet
Lahore, Nov 29:  
Pakistani intelligence agencies have warned that suicide bombers may target cricketer—turned-politician Imran Khan during a rally in Islamabad tomorrow.
According to an intelligence report submitted to the federal government, three banned organisations — Tehreek—e—Taliban Pakistan (TTP), Jundallah and Jamaatul Ahrar — have plans to target Pakistan Tehreek—e—Insaf (PTI) chief Khan’s rally.
“These organisations have prepared suicide bombers who may target Imran Khan and the PTI rally in Islamabad. The suicide bombers may also target the PTI caravan in Lahore leaving for Islamabad rally,” the report said.
The interior ministry has asked Khan to take extra security measures for himself during the rally. The ministry has also called on both the police and rangers to deal with the PTI workers in case of violence as well as for the security of the rally.
Khan said the Nawaz Sharif government would not be allowed to function after November 30 if an investigation into alleged massive rigging in the 2013 election was not launched.
“If Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif thinks he will run the government without auditing the 2013 election, he is mistaken,” he said.
Khan had launched a two-month protest campaign in August demanding that Sharif resign.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Panel suggests speedy green approvals in mining  power sectorsPanel suggests speedy green approvals in mining, power sectors
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 09:59 AM IST
A high-level panel constituted by the government to review various environment laws has recommended speedy green approvals in mining and power sectors as it feels that these sectors play a key role in national development.
In its report, the four-member panel, headed by former Cabinet Secretary TSR Subramanian, has recommended creation of National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) at central level and State Environment Management Authority (SEMA) at the state level as full time processing, clearance and monitoring agencies.
"In view of the key role played by the power sector, as also mining of various minerals in national development, NEMA may have a suitable cell, with specialisation, to speedily deal with environmental approvals in these sectors, with due regard to environmental considerations," says the report submitted to Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar.
The panel has recommended identification and pre- specification of 'no go' forest areas, mainly comprising Protected Areas and forest cover over 70 per cent canopy.
"It should be made clear that no activity will be permitted which threatens the environment and biodiversity of these areas. This will exclude such areas from expressions of interest by user agencies (UA) thus saving valuable time and litigation," said the panel.
With 2.3 per cent of the world's land area, India accounts for 7.8 per cent of recorded species, it said.
It noted that India has 668 protected areas, 15 biosphere reserves and 26 Ramsar Convention sites. There are four biodiversity hotspots -- the Western and Eastern Himalayas, northeast India, parts of the Western Ghats and Nicobar.
In addition there are other areas of rich biological diversity along parts of the coastline and elsewhere.
The committee viewed that areas which are rich in biodiversity must be strongly protected and activity allowed in these areas only when there is an overwhelming advantage in terms of economic development.
"It is the committee's view that looking at the parameters indicated above a list of 'no go' areas, comprising 'protected areas', in addition to forest with over 70 per cent canopy, along with their geographical co-ordinates should be notified for public information," it said.
The panel, however, said that where there are considerations of national interest and issues relating to safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country, activities should be permitted in such areas subject to the prior and specific approval of the union Cabinet.

FPI inflows hit $4 bn in Nov; reach $40 bn so far in 2014FPI inflows hit $4 bn in Nov; reach $40 bn so far in 2014
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 10:55 AM IST
Overseas investors have poured in over $4 billion in the Indian capital markets this month taking total inflows to over $40 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into equities was Rs 13,753 crore ($2.23 billion) last month, while they infused Rs 11,723 crore ($1.9 billion) in the debt market, taking the total to $4.1 billion, as per latest data.
The net infusion in October was $2.8 billion.
Market analysts maintain that Foreign Portfolio Investors have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They are pouring funds into Indian markets on the hopes of speedy economic growth and cut in interest rates as oil prices have dropped and inflation has declined.
Moreover, foreign investors are pumping funds into debt in order to take advantage of the higher yields.
The net investment by overseas investors into the equity market has reached Rs 96,020 crore ($16 billion) so far this year, while in the debt markets it is at Rs 1.48 lakh crore ($24.4 billion), taking the total to Rs 2.44 lakh crore ($40.36 billion).
The strong inflows have helped push the BSE index Sensex by about 36 per cent so far this year.
Since the beginning of June, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs).

Switzerland s Meyer Burger bets on Indian solar energy sectorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Shareholders spoil Mallya s partyHi Guest
Shareholders spoil Mallya's party
Diageo-USL integration pushed by at least two months; Firm likely to rework agreements and seek approval again Minority shareholders of United Spirits Ltd (USL), India’s largest liquor manufacturer, asserted their strength by defeating a majority of special resolutions moved by the company at its extraordinary general meeting (EGM) in Bengaluru. Nine of the 12 resolutions were defeated at a ballot conducted during the EGM. Most of these pertained to agreements with entities connected to ...

2 dead  13 injured in 2 incidents of accidental blastsBy: Express News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:16 pm
Two persons died and 13 were injured in two separate incidents of accidental explosions in their homes early Sunday morning. In the first incident, 2 idol makers were killed in Karimnagar town when a container filled with chemical used to harden plaster of paris exploded when a worker was pouring water in it. “It was a powerful, 20-metre radius blast. Two persons died on the spot and a third person, the owner of the house cum shop, hand was ripped off. The blast damaged walls of the house. This chemical is used to harden plaster of paris when making idols. A forensic team is at the spot,” Karimnagar SP Shiva Kumar said.
The early morning blast created panic in Saraswati society on the Karimnagar bypass road. In another incident at Kalyandurg in Anantapur district, 13 persons who were sitting around a bonfire were seriously injured when an unidentified object thrown into the fire exploded. Among the injured are four children.
They had all early gathered outside the house of a relative who expired today morning and it was very chilly lit a bonfire. Police said that a boy brought a bundle of papers from the house of nearby and threw it in the fire and the explosion occurred. Police said the owner of the house works in a quarry and may have stored some explosive material among the papers which exploded when it was thrown in the fire.

PM Modi blames film industry for creating bad image of police forceBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 9:43 am
Film industry’s portrayal of the police force has irked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who said cinema has created a “very bad image” of the police in the minds of the common man. He said the government should make a special effort and rope in a PR agency to meet filmmakers and engage them in a process to bring out the best of the police force.
“The film industry has created a very bad image of the police in the minds of the common man and I ask them-why? Yes, there may be a some shortcomings but should only that be highlighted? Is it not our duty to remove these shortcomings by bringing into light the positive and good things,” he said.
“The image of films on the common man is immense and without their cooperation, policing cannot be successful”, he said. “We must think about long-term strategy to change the thoughts and perception of the common people based on reality”, Modi said.
Many Bollywood movies have seen the hero playing out the role of a cop with leading stars of all times donning the police uniform at least once in their career. Modi also blamed the media for mostly highlighting negative news though “there are thousands of good news which do not find a place in the media”.
The Prime Minister also called for setting up of websites of every police stations, like he did as the Gujarat Chief Minister, to highlight the positive work done by the police stations. “Each individual at some point of time in their life has a story of how the police has helped them and these stories should be brought to light to create a positive image of the police force.
“Each police station should put online a positive story every week and then people will see the many good things being done by the police,” he said.

Not a single person blames Sean Abbott in any way for what has happened  says Michael ClarkeBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:21 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:46 pm
Australian skipper Michael Clarke has offered his full support to distraught bowler Sean Abbott, whose unfortunate bouncer led to the tragic death of young batsman Phillip Hughes.
     
The 22-year-old Abbott has been undergoing counselling ever since the accident took place during a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Tuesday.
Clarke said no one blames Abbott for the unfortunate incident and the entire Australian team stands behind him and will support him in returning to the sport.
“I would like to say some words about Sean Abbott. This is a tremendous young man with a bright future whose life has changed forever by this accident.  And that’s what it is — a freak accident,” Clarke said.
“No-one — not one single person — blames him in any way for what has happened. He deserves our full support, he will absolutely have mine whenever he needs it, and I know that also goes for the entire Australian cricket community.
“Sean, when you feel like getting back on the horse mate, I promise you that I will be the first to strap on the pads and go stand up the end of the net to hit them back at you. It’s exactly what Hugh Dog would want us both to do,” Clarke was quoted as saying in ‘Herald Sun’.
Clarke, who was a close friend of Hughes, also paid glowing tribute to the young Australian and thanked his country men for their support during this crisis.
“I also want to take this opportunity to thank the Australian public for the wonderful words of support that Phillip’s family and team mates have received over the last several days. It’s really brought home to me what I guess I have always known- that all of us who love this game are a family — a big, wide, culturally diverse, passionate family,” he said.
“Nothing can temper the pain and devastation that the Hughes family are now experiencing. But I know that they have taken comfort in the extraordinary outpouring of prayers, tributes and deeds that have filtered down to them from all parts of the world,” Clarke said.
“I also would like to pay tribute to all those people of who touched Phillip’s life and helped him on his cricketing journey in some way. From his junior team mates, to the coaches up on the north coast who noticed and nurtured his prodigious talent, to the umpires who would have tired of signalling his endless 4’s through point.
“They are all part of the wonderful cricket family, and I am sure they are grieving Phillip’s passing deeply.
“The best qualities of Australians have come to the fore this week and I personally have been deeply moved,” he added.

What Filmmakers Actually WantWritten by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:07 am
This year, big Bollywood names flocked to the NFDC-run Film Bazaar looking for the right project.
They want to tell their story and show it to the world. The procedure leaves most enthusiastic first-timers flummoxed. How do you turn a script into a film that releases? A platform that connects the makers with those who can help, mentor, or partner is a most valuable asset for a prolific film producing country.
In the Film Bazaar, run by the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC), now in its eighth year, India has found that platform. And I can say with no hesitation that this is the place to head to for anyone who has any interest in India cinema.
In my four days at this edition of the Bazaar in Goa, which runs alongside the International Film Festival (which closes today), I find it even more of a hive than it has been in the past years.
When it started, it had a 100 participants. This year, the participation has gone up to over a 1,000 from nearly 40 countries. And what it provides filmmakers is what the mandate of NFDC is — to develop and grow Indian cinema: a filmmaker can show up with an idea, and go to the next level of writing the script. A script can be “mentored” and made better and sharper. It can notionally find co-producers (national and international). And it can get funding at each level, if it is good enough: this year, investors heard hungry filmmakers with worthy projects put out their “pitches”, and some found their “angel” investor. This is where the “market” truly kicks in.
As Anurag Kashyap said at a session in the Bazaar’s informative ‘Knowledge Series’, “India is not short of funds. Your film will find the money if it deserves it.” Film development funds and sales agents from around the globe have their eyes on the Bazaar: if it can give them another Lunchbox, the film which has been phenomenally successful world-wide, and which is a Bazaar gift, they want it.
In 2013, a bunch of successful Indian films came out of the Bazaar, including Anand Gandhi’s terrific The Ship Of Theseus. Ashim Ahluwalia’s Miss Lovely did not do much business locally, but generated much critical appreciation outside. Ahluwalia is back at the Bazaar this year with a new film, and says that he’s finding much more global awareness of contemporary Indian cinema, and much of it is down to the existence of the Bazaar and the projects that have come out of it.
It’s not just independent filmmakers who are increasingly crowding the Bazaar. Established Bollywood filmmakers are also turning up to see new talent, and take away from it.
Anurag Basu tells me several people on his team are from amongst those he’s met at the Bazaar. Rohan Sippy is here for the first time, and is soaking it all in. continued…

PM Narendra Modi addresses DGP conference in Guwahati  bats for SMART policingPrint
"By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained", Modi said while addressing the DGP's conference in Guwahati. (AP photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:58 am
Police personnel of modern times have to be ‘smart’ in the true sense of the term, with prime minister Narendra Modi on Sunday unveiling an acronym with the same letters, urging cops to be strict and sensitive, modern and mobile, alert and accountable, reliable and responsive, and finally trained and techno-savvy.
“Today’s police have to SMART, with each letter of the acronym having a definite and specific meaning. Only then will there be a new and big awakening among the huge police force that we have,” Modi said, addressing the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs here . Sunday was the last day of the two-day conference held for the first time outside the national capital.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Assam. (Source: AP Photo/Anupam Nath)
Modi also asked the police force to lay more importance on intelligence, and said that there would be minimum need of arms and armed personnel if intelligence was good. “However sophisticated weapons and armed forces a nation may have, but the success in ensuring security to the people depends finally on quality intelligence,” the prime minister said.
The prime minister also lamented the poor image police have got in the media, and particularly in the most popular medium of cinema, and even suggested asking film producers to produce films where the image of the police was projected in a positive way. Chief ministers of eight Northeastern states barring Manipur were also present in the function.
I have a concept of Smart Police in my mind : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
“Films show police in such poor light that the people of the country have developed a very negative image of the police force. I would suggest that the government hire a PR firm and hold a meeting with producers to request projecting the positive rather than the negative image of the police,” Modi said.
Through you a lot of good things are happening in the nation. Why can’t positive stories be put on a website : PM @narendramodi to officers
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He however admitted that police too have certain shortcomings. “There are shortcomings, but there are also ways of removing those shortcomings. One negative news about police run for long time, but hundreds of good things about the police never get the focus,” the prime minister lamented.
The thinking of the people on our police force and change and this can be done through ground realities : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
He also suggested creation of a website for each police station and said these should upload at least one positive story about the police station every week. There are lakhs of acts our police have done which have increased faith of individuals on the police. Why don’t we project them? These will not only boost police morale but also help raise trust and faith in the police,” the prime minister said.
Police welfare is another issue. An officer may be very good but it’s important that his/her family is well : PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) November 30, 2014
Pointing out that over 33,000 police personnel have laid down their lives for the country and the people since independence, Modi also called for documentation of their stories. “Sacrifice of these 33,000 brave and dedicated police personnel should not go in vain. They were also sons of mothers who died for the country. I would suggest we collate the stories of each of these martyrs, and develop textbooks for use in training of police personnel in their respective state academies. These will inspire our new recruits. An e-book can also be developed with these stories uploaded in all the languages of our country,” Modi said.

Vicky Kaushal cast opposite Richa Chadda in Anurag Kashyaps next productionBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:02 am
Anurag Kashyap over the years has earned a name for his rather off beat cinema. While the director- producer will soon be venturing into the commercial film space with ‘Bombay Velvet’, we hear that he has already started work on his next production venture. In fact the film that has been titled ‘Masaan’ is said to feature Richa Chadda in the lead role.
Interestingly, ‘Masaan’ will also mark the Bollywood debut of action director Shyam Kaushal’s son Vicky Kaushal in the lead role opposite Richa. However if that wasn’t enough we hear that Neeraj Ghaywan who earlier assisted Anurag on Gangs Of Wasseypur, will direct the film.
As for the story of the film, it is learnt that ‘Masaan’ will follow the story of two people coping with personal loss and pain, their shared experience brings them closer as they come of age. Set in Varanasi, the film has been completely shot and is currently in post-production.

Switzerland s Burger bets on Indian solar se...You are here: Home > Collections
Switzerland's Meyer Burger bets on Indian solar energy sector
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 12.13PM IST
Tags:
Indian market
(Meyer Burger is a photovoltaic…)
NEW DELHI: Buoyed by Narendra Modi-led government's thrust on renewable energy, Swiss technology major Meyer Burger expects to tap opportunities worth billions of dollars in the Indian solar market.
Meyer Burger is a photovoltaic technology supplier and offers manufacturing processes for wafers, solar cells and solar modules, among others.
"We are very bullish and are really committed to the Indian market.. (We want to) enable the Indian market to produce own PV modules," Meyer Burger Technology AG CEO Peter Pauli said.
In India, the group focuses on solar technology and product solutions along the photovoltaic value chain.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government has unveiled ambitious plans for the renewable energy sector and is looking to have 1,00,000 MW solar power generation capacity by 2022.
When asked whether the company is eyeing opportunities worth billions of dollars in the Indian solar market, Pauli replied in the affirmative.
Specific investment details were not disclosed. "India has a big chance to make a change in its energy mix and to (make) the right decisions. I think with the new government you have the best ground to develop them," Pauli said.
In India, the company, in due course, would look at locally sourcing some percentage of content required for its technology solutions, he added.
According to him, the ground situation is changing with increasing fab utilisation being seen in recent times.
"The ground situation has changed and that you can see from the fab utilisation by existing players, a small community. They have seen 30-40 per cent utilisation in the last few years and now they are up to 70 per cent utilisation," Pauli said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s GDP growth likely to be 5.6% in FY15...Agriculture
(For the second quarter of…)
NEW DELHI: Driven by reforms momentum and decline in inflation , India is expected to see a growth rate of 5.6 per cent in 2014-15 even as the GDP expansion slowed in the second quarter, says a Citigroup report.
According to the global financial services major, the reform momentum post the assembly polls, improving liquidity conditions paint a bullish picture of the Indian economy.
For the second quarter of this fiscal year, GDP growth slowed to 5.3 per cent, from 5.7 per cent in the previous April-June quarter.
The growth figure for the first half of this fiscal year stands at 5.5 per cent significantly higher than 4.9 per cent in the same period last year.
"The reform momentum post the assembly polls, improving liquidity conditions and project clearances prompt us to retain our full-year growth estimate of 5.6 per cent in the current financial year as against 4.7 per cent last year," the report said.
The decline in GDP growth rate in the second quarter was mainly on account of subdued performance of agriculture and manufacturing sectors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi switching to capitalist economy: Stalingovernment
Taking a swipe at the economic policy of the Narendra Modi government, DMK leader M. K. Stalin on Sunday said the country is moving away from a mixed to a capitalist economy with corporate honchos appearing set to get a “bonanza of sorts” and the poor a “pittance”.
“It appears that the path towards capitalist economy is being refurbished, switching from a mixed economy under the Modi government,” DMK Treasurer Stalin told PTI in an interview in Chennai.
“We see indications of the poor being handed out a pittance and corporate honchos and huge investors appearing all set to receive a bonanza of sorts,” he said answering a question on his assessment of Modi government.
“In six months since Mr. Modi assumed office, he has spoken a lot, and so many announcements have been made,” he said adding the mark of the RSS like “Hindu Rashtra and Sanskrit,” have also begun to rear its head.
Asked if a generational change can be expected in the DMK similar to BJP which worked in Saffron party’s favour, he said, “it is not possible to categorically say if Mr. Modi’s success is due to a generational change, a jump over and above generations or a generational gap.”
In DMK, Mr. Stalin’s father Mr. Karunanidhi continues to be the party president though Mr. Stalin is the next in command.
“As regards DMK, past, present and future generations join hands and work towards the goal unitedly,” he said indicating that Mr. Karunanidhi will continue to lead the party.
“I don’t think the BJP’s formula (of a generational change) will work in Tamil Nadu,” he said.
Asked about the chances of the return of those who had either quit or were expelled from DMK, he said, “The party is always ready to embrace those who repent.”
“All those who had quit or expelled were part of a huge family that is the DMK.”
While Mr. Stalin’s elder brother and former Union Minister M. K. Alagiri, and his supporters were expelled from the party in January this year, actress Khushboo quit the party in June and joined the Congress a few days ago.
On the possibility of an alliance with national parties like the BJP and Congress in the 2016 Assembly elections, Mr. Stalin said, “It is not possible to say that now, it is too early, the time is yet to ripen.”
Asked if he would single-handedly lead the poll campaign like Mr. Modi, he said, “This comparison does not seem to be appropriate and our campaign will be guided by our party president Karunanidhi.”
Mr. Stalin, who virtually led the party’s campaign in the Lok Sabha polls, in which it drew a blank, said the “strategies for the 2016 polls were being formulated in a phased manner.”
The 61-year-old leader, who is touring the state meeting DMK workers to strengthen the party ahead of polls, said “the partymen are in an upbeat mood.”
The DMK lost power in 2011 and could not even win a single seat in the Lok Sabha elections. However, DMK continues to have a strong say in the political discourse in Tamil Nadu with the main opposition DMDK led by actor-turned-politician Vijayakanth nowhere in the picture.
Asked if it was possible to take on the might of the ruling AIADMK with opposition parties “fragmented,” and the PMK desiring to lead a separate front, he said “it is true that opposition parties are separated.”
“I believe a compulsion will arise to sew an alliance on the lines of one put together by Anna (former Chief Minister C N Annadurai) for the 1967 polls.”
In a first, DMK founder Annadurai put together a rainbow alliance in 1967 by bringing all anti-Congress parties in one front. Left parties, Muslim League and Swatantra Party led by C Rajagopalachari, the first Indian Governor General of free India were all part of it. DMK stormed to power and the alliance scored a huge success.
“A stage will come when opposition parties will look into the perceptible (political) probabilities,” he said indicating that an alliance will shape up ahead of 2016 polls.
On his assessment of Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam, he said, “he cannot escape sobriquets like a doll Chief Minister till such time he showed robustness in action.”

Permission by HC a victory of masses: ShahThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Top 7 cos add Rs 47 365 crore in m-cap; SBI  Infosys shineThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear rr  9)further sourcing the products & particularly value ad...142 Followers
Dear RR,
9)Further sourcing the products & particularly value added products from UK Plant to developed countries is not a layman job 10)Getting the apprecitions from international bodies in terms of their credibilities are not a layman job
12.31 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Keep trying. one day you can get your fortune backCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Looks like you lost in jspl alsoCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Essar commissions 6 000 crore Odisha plantComments
Essar Steel on Thursday commissioned an integrated pellet complex in Odisha with an investment of Rs. 6,000 crore.
The complex comprises an iron ore beneficiation facility at Dabuna in Keonjhar district, a 6 million tonne per annum (MTPA) pellet plant at Paradip in Jagatsinghpur district and a 253-km-long slurry pipe line with 12 million tonne carrying capacity connecting the two plants.
“With the commissioning of the complex, Essar Steel has become the largest pellet producer in the country with an annual pellet production capacity of 14 MTPA,” Rajendra Mittal, chief operating officer, Essar Steel  Odisha, said.
The company said that it chose Odisha as it has been the largest producer of iron ore in the country. Essar claimed that it will become the world’s third largest pellet producer once its 7 MTPA pellet plant in Minnesota, USA becomes operational by the second half of next year.
Mittal said the Odisha pellet complex was backed by infrastructure that included a 120 mega watt power plant by Essar Power and a captive berth at Paradip Port set up by Essar Port. He added a further 6 MTPA pellet plant at Paradip was scheduled to be commissioned soon.
Pellets are a critical raw material for making iron and find usage across all iron making processes including smelting and direct reduction of iron ore.
“We are happy that we have commissioned the pellet facility, capable of using low grade iron ore fines to produce value added product, a critical input for   iron/steel making,” said Mittal.
In his message on the occasion, Essar’s chairman Shashi Ruia said: “The way this state-of-the-art complex has been designed puts maximum emphasis on achieving our goals in Odisha. It is a matter of pride that Indian engineers delivered this challenging project keeping a balance between growth and sustainability.”

Indias November gold imports seen climbing on expectation ofcurbsGold futures fall 1.13% on weak global cues
India’s gold imports could climb to around 100 tonnes for a third straight month in November as dealers buy heavily for fear of curbs on overseas purchases, especially as the wedding season picks up, traders said.
Local premiums have fallen to about $10 an ounce from $18 last week due to the speculation over curbs, they said.
Curbs on gold imports figured in a meeting of central bank and finance ministry officials this month as a way to rein in India’s trade deficit, swelled by a jump in imports in September and October, to about 100 tonnes each month.
But officials wary of overreacting have not yet made a decision.
“The speculation around rules triggered panic buying and imports are going to be over 100 tonnes again this month,” said a trader in Mumbai, adding that shipments could outstrip those in October.
October shipments to India, the world’s No.2 gold consumer after China, jumped to about 150 tonnes, from less than 25 tonnes a year earlier and 143 tonnes in September.
Curbs imposed last year remain in place, from a record import duty of 10 percent to a measure tying imports to exports.
Measures being considered would limit imports resumed by private trading firms around the middle of this year, following a block since July 2013, traders said.
November imports will be boosted by private traders, one trader said.
“Gold imports in November are going to be more than 100 tonnes, on higher purchases from private trading houses ahead of weddings,” said a New Delhi-based trader.
The increase could add pressure for India to act. Tougher rules could fuel premiums, as the wedding season is likely to keep consumer demand strong.
“Gold demand is good, as prices are lower and premiums over the international market have also come down,” said Narendra Singh, a dealer in Jaipur. “Gold purchases are likely to remain firm for the next two to three months due to weddings.”
Gold ornaments form a key part of the dowry daughters traditionally receive from parents at Indian weddings.
Nearly 60 percent of gold demand comes from rural areas that depend on the monsoon, which was weak this year. However, lower gold prices have kept demand strong, traders say.
Elsewhere in Asia, Chinese buying was steady, with premiums holding up at $1 to $2 an ounce. Premiums slid to $1.10 from $1.40 in Hong Kong, and in Singapore, they fell to $1.20 from $1.50.
TAGS: Gold Imports
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Prioritise Make in India  Skill India programmes: Vijay Kumar RupaniBJP
(Centre's Make in India and…)
JAIPUR: The Centre's Make in India and Skill India programmes should be prioritised to ensure all-round development of the country, Gujarat Transport and Water Supply Minister Vijay Kumar Rupani said today.
He was speaking here today at an industry event promoting the "Vibrant Gujarat:2015" summit scheduled to held at Gandhinagar from January 11-13, 2015.
"Since the BJP government is at the Centre, now the industrial environment is very conducive for investors in Gujarat too, and there would be a quick decisions on investment proposals which were pending for ten years at the Centre level", Rupani told businessmen attached with CII from Rajasthan.
"Business environment has changed now in last six months of Modi government...fast decisions, new investment policies. PM's foreign tours to US, Australia, Nepal and Bhutan has attracted world's attention...In Asia, world market is looking at India and China with a great hope", Rupani said.
There is a need to prioritise Make in India, and Skill India programmes to ensure country's all-round growth including Gujarat, he said.
In absence of favourable atmosphere and poor response during previous UPA government, investors had taken U-turn and even went to other countries for investment, he claimed.
Gujarat would be one of the places to provide the maximum number of skilled workers to the companies, Rupani said.
Highlighting Gujarat's agriculture growth at 11 per cent, general growth at 8 per cent, and export share at 25 per cent, the Minister said Vibrant Gujarat summit would be a deciding factor in India's growth and development in industrial sectors.
"It does not matter how much amount money companies are going to spend in Gujarat, or what was the previous investment figures", he said, adding that the important factor was eight partner countries, including US, and Indian states would take part again.
Speaking on the occasion J P Gupta, IAS, Secretary and Commissioner (Health) in Gujarat said, Kutch is now the best investment destination despite it having met with catastrophic earthquake in 2001. There has been an investment of Rs 1 lakh crore alone in Kutch since 2003, Gupta added.
The session was followed by an interaction between Rajasthan's industrialists and Gujarat government officials in presence of Rupani.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi promises to make Jharkhand as number one StateModi promises to make Jharkhand as number one State
PTI
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. (file photo)
Jamshedpur, Nov 29:  
Promising to make Jharkhand as the number one State in the country, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today said that the government would rein in all the looters of minerals and benefit the State to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore in the next few years.
He said the ongoing Assembly election in Jharkhand will decide the future of the mineral-rich State and appealed to the people of Jharkhand not to treat it as an ordinary poll.
He said Jharkhand too has entered the stage where it will take off fast and promised to help it grow and become the number one State of the country if BJP was voted to power.
“This election will decide the fate of the State and help it move on the path of development, if you vote for a majority government.
“Jharkhand has enough power in terms of its mineral deposits and can lead the country but unfortunately, the State was looted since its creation 14 years ago,” he said.
Coal policy
Highlighting the coal policy framed by the NDA Government, the Prime Minister said it “would rein in all the looters of minerals and benefit Jharkhand to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore in the next few years’’.
Accusing Congress of failing to mend its ways despite the debacle it suffered in the parliamentary poll, Modi said why should the people of the country vote for it when it was not ready to change.
He said India is being respected across the world because it now has a strong and stable government and asked the people to vote for a majority government headed by BJP in Jharkhand.
Addressing an election rally here, he said the country has rejected the dynastic rule and voted BJP to power with full majority.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

WGC says easing of gold import curbs will improve supplies  benefit exportersWGC says easing of gold import curbs will improve supplies, benefit exporters
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 29:  
With the easing of gold import restrictions, the metal’s supply through official channels will improve and benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery, the World Gold Council said today.
The Government had yesterday scrapped a scheme under which it was mandatory for importers to export 20 per cent of the gold they imported. It was put in place in August 2013 to check high gold imports that had widened the current account deficit.
Welcoming the Government’s surprise move, WGC India Managing Director Somasundaram PR said: “The timing of this development though surprising, will definitely boost confidence in general, and in the jewellery industry, in particular.
“The official supply situation must now ease to benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery.”
The sharp rise in gold imports in recent months was not triggered by changes in demand estimates but was more likely due to expectation of additional curbs, he added.
Asserting that India should move beyond curbs on gold imports, Somasundaram said: “It’s time to re-engage all stakeholders to develop a coherent long-term policy on gold that is aligned to the nation’s growth objectives.
“It is imperative, that we find ways of mobilising and monetising the household savings embedded in gold stocks through the formal financial sector for the benefit of the economy as a whole.”
The discussions must focus on how the industry can contribute to the country’s prosperity in the next five years, he added.
WGC maintained that gold demand in India, the world’s largest consumer, in 2014 would be in the 850-950 tonnes range, slightly lower than last year.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Gold falls for 4th straight day; silver tanksGold falls for 4th straight day; silver tanks
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 29:  
Gold continued its southward journey for the fourth straight session at the domestic bullion market due to reduced demand from jewellery stockists and retailers.
Elsewhere, silver took a major bearish hit and plunged below the Rs 36,000 mark on the back of frantic sell-off by speculative traders amid weak industrial buying.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) dropped by Rs 165 to end at Rs 26,000 per 10 grams against Friday’s level of Rs 26,165.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also shed by a similar margin to close at Rs 26,150 per 10 grams against Rs 26,315.
Silver (.999 fineness) tanked by Rs 580 to finish at Rs 35,990 per kg, compared with Rs 36,570 yesterday.
Meanwhile, the Government had on Friday unexpectedly scrapped the controversial 80:20 scheme, easing restrictions on gold imports that were originally put in place last year to curb the ballooning current account deficit.
There are expectations that the RBI’s move would increase gold supplies and reduce the prices for buyers in the domestic market, a bullion trader commented.
On the global front, the yellow metal took a sharp plunge worldwide overnight following heavy funds selling spooked by sliding crude prices and also strong dollar.
Investors’ caution ahead of an upcoming Swiss referendum on central bank gold reserves also weighed on the sentiment.
December gold fell $21.40 or 1.8 per cent to settle at $1,175.20 an ounce on the Comex division of the NYMEX late yesterday, while silver tumbled 1.06 cents to end at $15.49 an ounce.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Bombers may target Imran Khan s rally tomorrow: Pakistan intelligenceBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore |
Posted: November 29, 2014 9:12 pm
Pakistani intelligence agencies have warned that suicide bombers may target cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan during his rally in Islamabad on Sunday.
According to an intelligence report submitted to the federal government, three banned organisations – Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), Jundallah and Jamaatul Ahrar – have plans to target Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Khan’s rally.
“These organisations have prepared suicide bombers who may target Imran Khan and the PTI rally in Islamabad.
The suicide bombers may also target the PTI caravan in Lahore leaving for Islamabad rally,” the report said.
The interior ministry has asked Khan to take extra security measures for himself during the rally. The ministry has also called on both the police and rangers to deal with the PTI workers in case of violence as well as for the security of the rally.
Khan said the Nawaz Sharif government would not be allowed to function after November 30 if an investigation into alleged massive rigging in the 2013 election was not launched.
“If Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif thinks he will run the government without auditing the 2013 election, he is mistaken,” he said.
Khan had launched a a two-month protest campaign in August demanding that Sharif resign.

Welbeck s header gives Arsenal 1-0 win over West BromBy: Associated Press | West Bromwich |
Posted: November 29, 2014 10:21 pm
Danny Welbeck’s powerful header gave Arsenal a 1-0 victory over West Bromwich Albion on Saturday as the London club hit back after back-to-back Premier League losses.
Welbeck scored in the 60th minute when Santi Cazorla ran toward the byline and chipped it back in front of goal.
Welbeck soared above the West Brom defense and headed past Ben Foster despite the goalkeeper getting a hand to the ball.
“The clean sheet is very important and we always believed in ourselves to score goals so it was a vital three points for us,” Welbeck said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger praised Cazorla for setting up Welbeck and securing the win, which leaves Arsenal fighting for a place in the Premier League’s top four with 20 points after 13 matches.
“Cazorla’s class got us that goal,” Wenger said. “He had a few opportunities in the first half. He cannot finish at the moment, but in providing he is still top class.”
For West Brom, it was a third successive loss and the team failed to score in all three defeats. The team sits close to the relegation zone with 13 points.
The Baggies did, however, give Arsenal a couple of scares toward the end at the Hawthorns. Saido Berahino’s header crashed against the crossbar in the 81st and a shot by Craig Gardner flashed just wide of the near post in the 90th.
Berahino started the match despite being charged with drunk driving and not informing his club about it until around a month later.
Arsenal’s win came after a 2-0 victory against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League on Wednesday. Prior to that win, Arsenal lost to Manchester United and Swansea in the league.
Midfielder Aaron Ramsey hopes the team can now generate momentum after two consecutive clean sheets.
“It was important to build on midweek and keep this run going and it is nice to win again,” Ramsey said. “It was never going to be easy with the quick turnaround but we did well, we dug in and got the three points.

Srei BNP Paribas targets Rs 1 000 cr loans in Raj in 18 monthsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Srei BNP Paribas targets Rs 1,000 cr loans in Raj in 18 months
PTI
Tweet
Jaipur, Nov 29:  
Construction equipment finance company Srei BNP Paribas today said it targets loan advances of Rs 1,000 crore in Rajasthan in the next 12—18 months.
Looking at the growth of infrastructure sector and projects in the state, the company found ample business opportunities and has set a target to give loans or finance of Rs 1,000 crore in next 12—18 months, Srei BNP Paribas CEO, DK Vyas said.
The company finances equipment in sectors like infrastructure, mining and agriculture.
“Big projects in the state like Delhi—Mumbai industrial corridor and Jaipur Metro have created good business opportunities and to meet the requirement, we are growing our office network as well as loan targets,” Vyas said.
He said that besides infrastructure, the company was also focusing on financing in mining and agriculture sector also.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Once more with feeling as Obama comes callingprint
The last time US President Barack Obama visited India was in November 2010. The UPA then was in the second year of its triumphant return to power in New Delhi; in 2009-10, India’s real GDP had increased 8.6%; and, if not exactly the darling of global investors, India was still a favourable destination for businesses. So it wasn’t surprising that along with President Obama and his high-powered White House team, there was also a heavyweight contingent from Corporate America, including the CEOs of GE, PepsiCo, Boeing, Honeywell, United Technologies and a host of others. Especially on the business front, President Obama’s five-day visit raised a lot of hopes then — hopes that remained largely unfulfilled.
Because shortly after that visit, things began turning pear-shaped for India. For one, by 2011, GDP growth had begun declining. But, more importantly, global perceptions about India began changing. First, there were the scams — beginning with charges of financial irregularities in the Commonwealth Games, which was followed by the 2G telecoms scam, and then another one involving the allotment of coal-mining licences. Also, there was the levy of a retrospective tax on telecoms firm Vodafone and a perception that policy making, particularly on economic reforms, had stalled. Credit rating agencies began downgrading the outlook on India, and investors’ interest in India waned. In effect, Obama’s 2010 visit turned out to be little more than a spectacle and photo ops.
His second visit, dramatically timed with India’s annual show of military strength — Obama will be the chief guest at Delhi’s Republic Day celebrations (a first for a US prez) — may bear more economic fruit. Not merely in terms of the things that India would want such as more US investment, or more permanent rules for H1B visa seekers, or a less rigid US policy towards outsourcing to India. Nor just in terms of the things that the US would like such as FDI in India’s insurance and retail businesses, and greater, less fettered, access to its vast markets. But also in terms of results that are not immediately tangible.
India wants to sharply raise FDI to expand manufacturing and build large-scale infrastructure but those are not areas where the US is a big player anymore. In manufacturing, it is China that rules the roost; in infrastructure building, Japan and China are way ahead. Yet, the US still provides cues to the rest of the world. The way Wall Street or the credit rating agencies or US firms look at India sends signals that shape the perceptions of other global economies. As the world’s biggest economy, America’s view of emerging markets is a dependable guide for other players.
A senior Indian diplomat describes PM Narendra Modi’s international diplomacy as a way of “courting the world to start the fire at home”, similar to what China did during the Deng Xiaoping years (1978-91), or the Asian Tigers did between the 1960s and the 1990s, or, to stretch the point a bit further in history, even what Meiji-era Japan did in the late 19th century, when it moved from being a feudal society to a modern one. Broadly, this is an approach of market-driven reforms and a greater connection with the world. Implicit in Modi’s outreach to the US, Japan, Australia and even, to some extent, China is also an attempt to readjust and rebalance India’s traditional relations with the rest of the world.
Modi’s visit to the US — the official meetings as well as the exuberant unofficial events — has reignited US interest in India and many believe that could be the starting point for both countries to build on. There is a flipside to all of this, of course, and that is about geo-politics and strategy that go well beyond mere economics. The rise of China and its coercive diplomacy in South Asia; the threat of terrorism for India from its immediate borders on the west; and the challenges that the US faces in West Asia or from further east, all of these would also determine the direction that India’s US ties may take.

Art in a whisky glass  neatly explainedVisa on Arrival scheme to boost tourism in Goa
Ernie Button, a photographer in Phoenix, found art at the bottom of a whisky glass. Howard A Stone, a mechanical and aerospace engineering professor at Princeton, found the science in the art.
Eight years ago, Button was about to wash the glass when he noticed that leftover drops of Scotch had dried into a chalky but unexpectedly beautiful film. “When I lifted it up to the light, I noticed these really delicate, fine lines on the bottom,” he recalls, “and being a photographer for a number of years before this, I’m like, ‘Hmm, there’s something to this’.”
He and his wife began experimenting. The Scotches with smoky, peaty flavours, like those from the islands of Islay and Skye in western Scotland, were inconsistent, needing more trial and error to produce the picturesque ring patterns. By contrast, those from the valley around the River Spey in north-eastern Scotland “seem like they’ll work every time”, Button says.
“It takes just a drop or two to create a really nice image,” he says. He started photographing the residues, using coloured lights “to give it that otherworldly effect”, he says.
He called the series ‘Vanishing Spirits—The Dried Remains of Single Malt Scotch’.
Button’s experimentations revealed other liquor insights. A 12-year-old Scotch made patterns indistinguishable from a more expensive 18-year one. Bourbon, the American whiskey made primarily from corn, generally works, too, although not the young ones like Jacob’s Ghost from Jim Beam, which sit in barrels for only about a year. “Any aged whiskey will make these rings,” Button says.
Cognac, a liquor distilled from grape wine, does not dry out in this pretty manner.
After several years of creating these photographic prints, Button was curious about the underlying science of what was going on (photography is just a successful sideline for Button. He is a speech therapist. “That is how I got my interest in science and research,” he says).
He found Peter J Yunker, then a graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania who had done research on the coffee ring effect, produced when a puddle of coffee dries unevenly, leaving a dark brown stain along the edges. Yunker, who was busy wrapping up his doctorate before heading to a position at Harvard, was not able to help.
Undeterred, Button typed ‘fluid mechanics’ and ‘art’ into Google. Up popped a list of search results that included Stone. Button emailed. Stone responded.
“I remember it wasn’t clear what we were looking at,” Stone says.
But he was intrigued, even though he is not much of a drinker. “I’m not sure I’d even recognise the taste of whisky,” Stone says. “It seemed a nice question to investigate.”
After buying some single malt Scotch—Glenlivet, Glenfiddich, Macallan—he and scientists in his laboratory, including Hyoungsoo Kim, began their research. They were able to create similar rings, and then they started making their own mixtures of particles and liquids to decipher what was happening.
In the coffee ring effect, water drying at the edges is replenished from the centre of the droplet, and that fluid flow carries particles to the edge, forming the dark ring.
Yunker had shown that was not always true. If the particles were shaped like grains of rice instead of spheres, the particles deformed the surface of the droplet, and instead of clumping at the edges, the particles formed a loosely packed network across the top of the liquid and dried evenly.
Yunker does not know of any real-world beverages that exhibit this behaviour. “To see a similar effect, these particles would have to be fairly large,” he says.
Stone’s group found that the key difference in whisky is that unlike coffee, it consists of two liquids—water and ethyl alcohol. The alcohol evaporates more quickly, and as the fraction of water increases, the surface tension of the droplet changes, an effect first noticed in the 19th century by an Italian scientist, Carlo Marangoni. That, in turn, generates complex flows that contribute to the patterns Button photographed.
“Here, they actually looked at what happens when you change the fluids that are drying,” says Yunker, who is soon heading to the Georgia Institute of Technology as a physics professor, “and they found some very neat effects” (that would be neat in the usual sense of ‘cool and intriguing’ and not as in ‘I’ll have my whisky neat’).
Kim notes that the story is even more complicated because their artificial mixture of water, alcohol and particles does not quite reproduce the whisky patterns. It appears that whisky also contains a surfactant—a chemical that reduces the surface tension of the droplets—and long string-like molecules known as polymers, which attach to the glass, providing a template for the brushlike stroke patterns seen in the images.
Both the scientists and Button suspect the molecules, as yet unidentified, enter the whisky during the ageing process.
Kim presented the findings earlier this month at a meeting of the American Physical Society’s Division of Fluid Dynamics in San Francisco.
The science is not just whimsical. Finding ways to deposit particles evenly can have practical applications like improved inks for printers. “I wanted to tie it to something that might be more general in the materials sciences,” Stone says.
More from lifestyle
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

Paper Boat : Smooth sailingIndian rupee closes down by 59 paise at 63.53 against the US dollar
ANY BEVERAGE can be made to taste good or nutritious. But how many can tell a story? Neeraj Kakkar’s Paper Boat does. Remember the times when you would be playing ‘gully cricket’ during your summer holidays and your mother would call you to hand over a glass of refreshing aam panna or jaljeera? Or the time you would simply laze in the afternoon and savour aamras in the courtyard? Or your sister making never-ending requests to the golgappe-walla to add some more paani after her fill was over? Paper Boat has tried to relive those memories, emulating those tastes and experiences that define traditional India, but at the same time standing tall on the benchmark of hygiene and safety.
And it’s doing that in good measure. Hector Beverages, founded by Kakkar, a former Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages employee, along with two others in 2011, sells close to 1.5 million packs of Paper Boat a month (based on some reports; the company doesn’t want to disclose any figures, sales or otherwise). That’s a huge number for a company that started the product only over a year ago and competes with the likes of Coca-Cola and Pepsi. Hector Beverages entered the R1,800-crore beverage market in the country with Tzinga, which became an instant hit in the energy drinks market. Paper Boat, its second foray, was born as a result of the passion the team felt for fast-disappearing traditional Indian drinks.
“We have a treasure trove of ethnic drinks in India. They are immensely popular locally but unheard of in the rest of the country. We wanted to turn these local hits into national sensations. These drinks have been moulded both by history and geography. They have been perfected over centuries. They have been traditionally had in pockets across the country. Our products cater to those who grew up with those drinks,” says Kakkar, who holds a double MBA from MDI Gurgaon and Wharton School of Business, respectively. He worked with Coca-Cola for eight years before starting Hector Beverages.
Kakkar recalls an incident when he was travelling by air and he met a native of Bihar. That was just after launching Paper Boat’s new sattu drink variant. “He was a lawyer by profession and happened to have our drink on that flight. After landing, he noticed me wearing a shirt with Paper Boat written on it. He told me that he has been drinking sattu (a traditional Bhojpuri drink consisting of a mixture of ground pulses and cereals) for as long as he can remember and that he loved our drink. He also pointed out that the copy on the back mentioned Darghanga, his hometown, and that it brought tears to his eyes. When we started out, we had no idea that we were going to make such a difference. It’s pretty overwhelming,” he adds.
So far, Paper Boat’s roster consists of aamras, aampanna, jaljeera, kokum, jamun kala khatta, imli ka amlana and golgappe ka pani. Sattu and rasam are the latest to be added to the list. Sometime ago, Hector Beverages also launched tulsi and ginger lemon ice tea. Paper Boat tries to make its products as natural as possible. Most of the ingredients are natural. “But our greatest deterrent here is the great Indian heat. As is the risk of the fruit juice changing the chemical composition. Nature-identical flavouring makes it more resilient to chemical changes,” says Kakkar.
There are some ingredients that are common to all, like acidity regulators (vitamin C, found naturally in all citrus plants) and stabilisers (pectin, a binding agent found exclusively in plant cells), which again are natural when it comes to Paper Boat, adds Kakkar.
But how do they ensure longevity on the shelves? “Food processing technologies related with high pressure, aseptic and heat have been available across the world for good shelf lives without adding preservatives. We have adapted those technologies to Indian conditions,” explains Kakkar, adding: “Paper Boat pouches are made of a four-part laminate. The two outer layers are a blend of proprietary polypropylene and polyethylene. This makes the pack withstand extremes in pressure and heat while at the same time being easy to print upon. This is the one time you can actually judge something by its cover.
Right now, Paper Boat intends to target mostly metropolitan cities and other up-and-coming cultural melting pots. “We would place the average Paper Boat drinker’s age bracket somewhere between 25 and 40 years. As for locations, thanks to our e-commerce portal, www.shoppaperboat.com, we are now available in 65 cities and towns across the nation. We also have a burgeoning diaspora to cater to and, right now, we are available in around 10 countries, including the UK, the US, the UAE, Canada, Australia and Malaysia,” adds Kakkar. Paper Boat sells the same quality of its products everywhere, irrespective of geographical boundaries.
Paper Boat has good distribution channels in Delhi and Bangalore. “Both these markets are performing exceptionally well. But whatever limited distribution we have in Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Pune, those are also very high on per outlet volume. So, we can safely say there is no north-south or east-west divide, which exists in terms of product acceptance,” offers Kakkar.
Paper Boat is manufactured in the company’s flagship plants at Manesar in Haryana and Mandideep in Madhya Pradesh. Its third plant in Mysore, Karnataka, will be operational by the middle of next year. The company has about 250 people on its payrolls.By the end of next year, Kakkar hopes to make around 25 new drinks, including nimbu pani, bel and his personal favourite, kanji, made from purple carrots. “So, 11 down, 14 more to go,” he adds.
More from industry

Fake Indian art or fake Indian authenticatorsDoes Indian art market have more fake authenticators than fakes?
By ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 08.00AM IST
0
Share More
For the purposes of authentication, it is important to distinguish between types of artists
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Nirmalya Kumar
The buzz around the question of fakes in Indian art can be deafening. But, it has real consequences as it slows down the trade in art and leaves collectors as victims. My own observation based on 20 years of collecting Indian art, especially Jamini Roy, is that there are more fake authenticators than fakes.
First, one must define "fake". With old masters like Canaletto or Titian, it was all about distinguishing the "hand" of the master from that of the assistants. With modern art, Marcel Duchamp pronounced, "it is artist choice, not hand, that determines a genuine work". His most famous creation was an upside down porcelain urinal Fountain, which claimed that art is anything that does not have functional value. Following this, anything signed by the artist is considered "genuine", because one is buying the mind of a modern artist, not his hand.
The development of art over centuries and the advent of the camera means that a great painter does not necessarily make for a great artist. It is about having a new, unique, big idea. As an artist once famously said: "After I come up with the idea, do I have to paint it too?" Consequently, most artists have a studio to help them execute works such as the famous Anish Kapoor sculpture in the Olympic Park London . Or, with Jamini Roy, his two assistants who filled the colour after the master had painted the primary lines.
India loves a good conspiracy theory, especially where money is involved. The art world is full of these. The result is mushrooming of art authenticators, particularly for what is unfortunately called the Old Bengal School. Only in India do you find authenticators who are experts in multiple artists. It has become a business. Once when purchasing an obviously fake Jamini, I asked for an authenticity certificate. One was duly produced from a respectable art historian for Rs 15,000! Overseas, you can only be accepted as expert on one artist. Any relative of an artist being considered an expert is a curiously Indian phenomenon.
Some Indian art observers have asked for a government panel to be set up for authenticating art. Unfortunately, this is not an answer to the problem. A Rembrandt Research Project was set up in 1968 to authenticate the great artist's works. The predictable happened. The number of "approved" Rembrandts has steadily dropped from around 700 in 1920s to 250. The result of "group think" in committees leads to genuine works being excluded as it is easier to say "no" than "yes". Members who reject more frequently are viewed as being more rigorous in their approach.
A few months ago, I saw this happen with a three-person panel set up to authenticate Tagore paintings. And, if a genuine painting in one style is rejected, then of course, the other paintings by the artist in the same style must also questioned. Not surprisingly, the Rembrandt Research Project has now been declared a failure.
Among Indian artists, probably Jamini Roy evokes the word "fake" most frequently by non-experts. It makes them seem knowledgeable about art. But one must ask a few questions:
Is there any documentation to say that the artist signed the assistant's work?
Is there a single case of an assistant complaining that the master passed his or her work off as his own?

Mumbai  Kolkata most vulnerable to climate changeTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
India’s populous coastal cities Mumbai and Kolkata are most vulnerable to loss of life and properties due to coastal flooding in the second half of the century, the government has said quoting a UN report ahead of a key global climate conference in Peruvian capital Lima.
The UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has warned against extreme weather events like occurrence of heatwave, heavy precipitation, droughts, floods, cyclones and wildfire that cause damage to ecosystems and human systems in various regions, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said.
“… India is among the top 20 countries and regions most at risk based on analysis of climate risk and coping ability. Mumbai and Kolkata will have the greatest population and assets exposure to coastal flooding in 2070,” he said.
The minister’s statement assumes significance at a time when representatives of governments are scheduled to meet in Lima from tomorrow for the Climate Change Conference to lay the foundation for an effective, new and universal climate change agreement in Paris in 2015.
Last week, the UN Environment Programme had underscored the need for global emissions to peak within the decade and then to rapidly decline so that the world can reach climate neutrality â€“ also termed zero net emissions â€“ in the second half of the century.
With climate change impacts worsening and affecting the poor and most vulnerable, governments urgently need to scale up adaptation to climate change, according to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
“Never before have the risks of climate change been so obvious and the impacts so visible. Never before have we seen such a desire at all levels of society to take climate action,” said Christiana Figueres, Executive Secretary of the UN Climate Convention.
Figueres said “it is hugely encouraging” that “countries have already been outlining what they intend to contribute” towards the climate action, referring to the recent agreement between China and the US to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Climate expert Chandra Bhushan, however, said the deal signed between China and the US “was not in line with the principals of the UN Convention”. In Lima, India must work harder with developing countries and push for an ambitious global deal which is equitable and saves the world from catastrophic climate impacts, he said.
“India must push for a principle-based emissions reduction target for all countries. This is the only way the world can remain within the planetary limits,” Bhushan said.
In a statement issued ahead of the Lima meet, Figueres said, “Never before has the society had all the smart policy and technology resources to curb greenhouse gas emissions and build resilience… We can be confident we will have a productive meeting in Lima, which will lead to an effective outcome in Paris next year.”
The UN has said, in Lima, all governments need to work towards streamlining elements of a draft agreement for Paris 2015 and explore common ground on unresolved issues in order to achieve a balanced, well-structured, coherent draft for the next round of work on the text in February next year.
The governments meeting under the “Ad Hoc Work Group on the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action” (ADP) needs to define the scope and the type of contributions they will provide to the Paris agreement, along with clarity on how finance, technology and capacity building will be handled, it says.
Countries will put forward what they plan to contribute to the 2015 agreement in the form of Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) by the first quarter of 2015, well in advance of the Paris conference in December.
The Lima conference needs to provide final clarity on what the INDCs need to contain, including for developing countries who are likely to have a range of options from, for example, sector-wide emission curbs to energy intensity goals.
According to Figueres, “countries are working hard to increase emission reductions before 2020, when the Paris agreement is set to enter into effect. Pathways on how to accomplish this will also be a key issue before nations in Lima.”
Union minister Javadekar will be part of the high-level Indian delegation to the Lima Conference.
In addition to progress made to date towards a Paris agreement, the political will of countries to provide climate finance is increasingly coming to the fore. At a recent pledging conference held in Berlin, Germany, countries made pledges towards the initial capitalisation of the Green Climate Fund totalling nearly USD 9.3 billion.
TAGS: Climate Change Kolkata Mumbai
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

NCR autos without GPS won t be allowed to ply on Delhi roadsBMW, Mercedes shift gears
In view of passenger safety, the Delhi government has decided not to allow autorickshaws plying in Noida, Ghaziabad, Sonipat and Faridabad without GPS to enter into the national capital.
The government will issue permits only to 2,750 autos of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh each, which will allow them to ply on Delhi roads.
“Keeping the safety of passengers, especially women, in mind, we will not allow NCR autos which do not have Global Positioning System (GPS) installed to ply on roads in the national capital,” said a senior government official.
The official said to ply on Delhi roads autorickshaws of NCR cities should have electronic metres, which is mandatory for plying in Delhi, and the same fare structure.
Around a year ago, former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit had made installation of GPS in city’s autorickshaws mandatory in the aftermath of the December 16 gang rape.
“Autos of Noida, Ghaziabad, Sonipat and Faridabad will have to fulfil all requirements what Delhi’s autorickshaws need to ply here. These autos will be given colour code and logo for easy recognition,” he added.
The issuance of permits to NCR autos will be a major relief to the NCR residents, who work in the national capital. These people have to leave Delhi-registered autos on the border and then take another to reach their destination.
Meanwhile, Delhi autorickshaw unions have opposed the government’s decision to issue NCR permits, contending that it will increase the crime rate in Delhi.
“We are against NCR permits to autos of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana as they will collapse the city’s transportation system in the national capital.
“For instance, an auto plying across the border can now go to Connaught Place and other VIP areas of Delhi, which may lead to a rise in the crime rate and it will be difficult for police to find out the driver involved in the crime,” said Rajendra Soni, general secretary of Delhi Autorickshaw Sangh.
TAGS: Autorickshaws Delhi
More from automobiles

Over 29 lakh vehicles set to go off Delhi roads following NGT verdictNov 30, 2014 at 10:54am IST
Over 29 lakh vehicles set to go off Delhi roads following NGT verdict
33
0
New Delhi: More than 29 lakh vehicles will go off the national capital's roads following a National Green Tribunal order putting a ban on plying of vehicles older than 15 years, the Delhi government has said.
Dismayed at the increasing level of air pollution in Delhi, the NGT had on November 26 barred all vehicles - private cars, bikes, commercial vehicles, buses and trucks - over 15 years old from plying in the national capital.
"After the NGT's order, we studied the number of vehicles which are over 15 years old and found that there are more than 29 lakh such vehicles, including over 8 lakh four-wheelers (including cars) and more than 20 lakh two-wheelers (bikes and scooters), plying across the national capital," said a senior government official said.
The NGT had on November 26 barred all vehicles - private cars, bikes, commercial vehicles - over 15 years old from plying in the national capital.
#delhi #vehicles #national green tribunal #delhi pollution
The official said the NGT has called a meeting on December 2 and "we will put up the numbers of these vehicles there". In this meeting, officials will also devise modalities for implementation of the green tribunal's order.
According to the government, there are several vehicles that are over 15 years old and have been issued five-year fitness extension. "We will also have to decide the fate of such vehicles... In Tuesday's meeting, this matter will also be discussed," he added.
The tribunal had on November 28 made it clear that the ban order will also apply to the buses owned and/or under contract with Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Punjab and all other states whose buses are coming to Delhi from the destination of their respective states.
"As per the green court's order, we will also have to make a strategy to ban the entry of private vehicles, which are more than 15 years old, but are coming from other states, in the national capital," the official added.
In its order on November 26, a bench, headed by NGT chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar, had directed that wherever such vehicles of this age are noticed, the concerned authorities shall take appropriate steps in accordance with law including seizure of the vehicles.
"It is undisputed and in fact unquestionable that the air pollution of NCT, Delhi, is getting worse with each passing day. It not only projects the very dismayed state of affairs existing with clear indication that worst is likely to follow...," the bench had said.
33

Odisha chit fund scam: CBI questions senior IPS officer Rajesh Kumarmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

CAG raps railways for loss of Rs 314 cr on parcel cargoCAG raps railways for loss of Rs 314 cr on parcel cargo
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 10:20 AM IST
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has found that railways suffered loss to the tune of over Rs 314 crore due to under-utilisation of parcel cargo express trains (PCET) and blamed the Railway Board for the lack of coordination and non-enforcement of the scheme.
The railways authorities had in February 2007 decided to attract piecemeal parcel traffic by providing value-added door-to-door services through private operators and evolved a policy for leasing out of parcel cargo express trains.
The CAG, in its latest report, observed that Southern Railway failed to ensure the availability of satisfactory operational arrangements for running of parcel cargo express trains with fixed path and time schedules.
This adversely impacted the revenue earnings to the tune of Rs 314.64 crore on four routes due to non-commencement of PCET, it noted.
Review of records at Railway Board by the CAG revealed that operational constraints encountered by Southern Railway were also not communicated to the Board for their solution. "This resulted in failure of the scheme in Southern Railway," the national auditor noted.
"It is evident that the Southern Railway administration could not coordinate with other zonal railways for removal of operational constraints encountered in running of PCETs and thus failed to solve the issues either through coordination with zonal railways or through intervention of higher authorities," the CAG observed.

RBI may keep policy rate unchanged onTuesdayThe Reserve Bank, which has been keeping rates at an elevated level citing high inflation, wants the rate of price rise to come down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:23 am
Reserve Bank may keep policy rate unchanged in its upcoming monetary policy review on Tuesday even as the Finance Minister and industry clamoured for the rate cut to prop the economy after GDP growth slipped to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter of current fiscal.
At the same time, inflation has hit multi-year low making a case for the rate cut.
“The fact of matter is that all the parameters are indicating that there will be further fall in inflation. Between November and January with the base effect it might go up a little bit. But by March it will be well below whatever the glide path that is indicated by the RBI,” SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said.
“RBI Governor has indicated that he will be data driven … may be by the end of the fiscal (cut in the interest rate by RBI),” she added.
Asked if she expected a rate cut in RBI’s bi-monthly policy on December 2, she said, “No”.
United Bank of India Executive Director Deepak Narang said that RBI would wait for some more time before effecting rate cut to prop up growth.
“Although parameters are conducive for the rate cut but there is hardly any appetite for loan in the market. Rate reduction by 0.25 per cent is not going to generate significant demand in the market,” he said.
“Therefore, I think the RBI Governor would maintain status on December 2,” he said.
The Reserve Bank, which has been keeping rates at an elevated level citing high inflation, wants the rate of price rise to come down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
Poor showing by agriculture and manufacturing sector pulled down the country’s economic growth rate to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter against 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter of this year.
Inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October driven by softening prices of fuel and food items. At the same time, retail inflation, based on Consumer Price Index, also eased to 5.52 per cent at end of October.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has also pitched for a cut in interest rate saying it will have positive impact on home and auto loans.
In in interview to PTI last week, Jaitley had expressed hope that RBI will move in the direction of making the cost of capital reasonable to help perk up economy.
On the other hand, Yes Bank CEO and Managing Director Rana Kapoor expects that the central bank may cut interest rate by 0.25 per cent.
“The RBI would indeed draw comfort from the recent pace continued…

Australia skipper Clarke pays tribute to  brother  HughesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IFFI & St Francis Xavier Exposition: Goa s two events a tale of contrastsThe maker of a movie you are watching could be as influenced by the director as you have been, or she could be defying everything that the filmmaker stands for.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It is not uncommon for filmmakers who have shaped your cinematic worldview to repeatedly visit your mind as you attend a film festival. Even when none of their works is screened or discussed. The maker of a movie you are watching could be as influenced by the director as you have been, or she could be defying everything that the filmmaker stands for.
But that is not why I think of Martin Scorsese at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Goa's capital, Panaji. I keep going back to him because of what is happening alongside the festival just 10 kilometres east: the remains of St Francis Xavier, a much-revered 16th-century Roman Catholic missionary, are being displayed for public viewing at the Se Cathedral in Old Goa. This is significant as it happens once a decade and it is the 17th such Exposition.
Scorsese, born to Italian-American Roman Catholic parents in New York, grew up fascinated by both his religion and cinema, which coalesced in his love for biblical films and historical epics.
Very early on, he decided he wanted to be a priest. "His reasons were primarily driven by the notion that it was the quickest route to salvation from original and accumulated sins," writes Vincent Lo-Brutto in his biography of the director. He enrolled at a catholic seminary but film won over faith and he dropped out.
But what he had grown up grappling with as a devout Catholic — greed, sin, guilt and redemption — he would continue to explore in his films like Mean Streets, Taxi Driver, Goodfellas, The Color of Money, Casino and The Wolf of Wall Street, besides of course The Last Temptation of Christ. What's more, his next film is an adaptation of a Japanese novel, Silence by Shusaku Endo, about a 17th century Portuguese Jesuit missionary visiting Japan at a time of religious persecution. Jesuits are members of the Society of Jesus, cofounded by Xavier in 1540.
One of the priests at the inauguration ceremony of the Exposition, which started on November 22 and will go on till January 4, 2015, says the saint is the "identity of every Goan". That may be a stretch but, if the 50 lakh visitors expected at the Exposition is any indication, he means a lot to many. As Xavier's relics are taken from the Basilica of Bom Jesus, where they are usually kept in a glass case at an elevation, to the Se Cathedral across the road under an unforgiving sun, the crowd moves along with the saint, sometimes ambling to stay level and at other times sprinting to get ahead for a better view.
The Real...
Besides the cathedral, some curious pilgrims visit the oddly-named 'Faith Exhibition', lined with stalls with names like 'Franciscan Hospitallers of the Immaculate Conception' and 'Franciscan Missionaries of Christ the King (fmck)'. The initials in lower-case call to mind American poet EE Cummings, known for his irregular use of capital letters and whose name was stylized 'ee cummings'.
Xavier, born into an aristocratic family in 1506 in Navarre in present-day Spain, travelled to Goa in 1542 on the request of King John III of Portugal who was worried about his settlers there abandoning their religion. Xavier then travelled to Japan, Malacca and China, among others, and is said to have baptized 3 lakh people in Asia in 10 years. He died on Shangchuan Island in the Guangdong province of China on December 3, 1552. His 'incorrupt' body was buried there and later moved to Malacca and then to Goa in December 1553.
The body has been in the elevated glass case in the Basilica of Bom Jesus in Old Goa since 1637. He was beatified in 1619 and canonized in 1622. In the first public display of Xavier's remains in Goa, a Portuguese woman was alleged to have bitten off his big toe, which is now at a cathedral in the state.
Ring-fenced by teenage volunteers and cops, a few of the priests who follow the body are taking pictures of the crowd taking pictures of the procession, producing a meta-moment that has all but lost its charm in a world of mobile-phone ubiquity. Vinita Baretto, a homemaker from a village near Palolem in south Goa, which is nearly 60 km away, has her hands clasped and eyes closed as Xavier passes her by. This is her third Exposition. "Before it ends, I will come at least three times. I can't exactly describe what I feel but I wouldn't miss it for anything."
...and the Reel
Little do these pilgrims know that in two days, worshippers of good cinema will applaud and laugh through a film at IFFI that cocks a snook at the Church. Jimmy's Hall, directed by Ken Loach, recreates the story of community leader Jimmy Gralton who is the only Irishman ever to be deported by his government. He and his comrades build a community hall where people dance, learn music and boxing, earning the wrath of the domineering parish priest who, in cahoots with the government, has him expelled from the country.
Frustrated beyond measure, Gralton goes into the confession box and tells the Bishop: "I would like your advice on the sin of pride, on those who assume they are the fount of all knowledge, and yet do nothing but promote ignorance and superstition... those who try to kill our spirit by their miserable drabness, who have such venom in their hearts for everything they cannot control." Jimmy's Hall is one of the few notable films in the first five days of the fest, which runs from November 20-30. Organized by the directorate of film festivals, part of the information and broadcasting ministry, and the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG), a special purpose vehicle of the state government, IFFI is in its 45th year. First held in Mumbai in 1952, it was then taken to other cities like Delhi and Chennai and finally to Goa in 2004. It has been held there ever since and will stay there permanently.

Elevation of two people to sainthood gives boost to Kerala s religious tourismElevation of two people to sainthood gives boost to Kerala's religious tourism
By S Sanandakumar , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 04.00AM IST
The father has several firsts to his credit. He was the first to say that churches should start educational institutions and contributed in improving the literacy standards of the state.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
When Kerala Tourism coined its famous tagline 'God's Own Country', few would have thought that the land featured in the advertisement campaigns would ultimately live up to its name in the literal sense! Yes, Kerala today is the country of those who have been elevated to the status of gods, thanks to the good work done by the Catholic Church. Two of the chosen ones of the Church in Kerala, Father Kuriakose Elias Chavara and Mother Euphrasia Eluvathingal were canonized by the Catholic Church last week at St Peter's Square in the Vatican City. With their elevation to sainthood, there are three saints in total from the Catholic Church in the country. The first to be canonized by the Church was Sister Alphonsa of Bharananganam about six years ago.
Addressing the nearly 2,000 Indians (around 80% of them were from Kerala) who came to witness the canonization, Pope Francis said Kerala, which is "rich in vocation to the priesthood and religious life" will be able to contribute more blessed ones. Father Chavara, who was born in the first decade of 1800, has a place in Kerala history not just as a priest who pursued spiritual advancement but also as a social reformer. Reputed writer and activist Sarah Joseph told ET Magazine: "Father Chavara is a great soul who demonstrated that spirituality is in the work that we do in this world."
The father has several firsts to his credit. He was the first to say that churches should start educational institutions and contributed in improving the literacy standards of the state. He started the mid-day meal programme for students and set up the first printing press. The orphanages and the neighbourhood groups to help out in case of a death in a locality were first mooted and implemented by Father Chavara.
Though the Church in Kerala has a long history and traces its lineage to St Thomas, Father Chavara's period was marked by the dominance of the Syrian Church. Even the language that was followed was Syrian, says Father Paul Thelakkat, spokesman of the Syro Malabar Church. "As different from the Latin Christians in Europe we had oriental Christians," he said. "It would be true to say that in those days, our Church did not get due recognition from the seat of Christianity in Vatican." According to Father Thelakkat, it was the advent of the Europeans, especially the English, who brought about a change in the practices followed by the Church. The Synod that they called at Udayamperoor decided to follow the local language while performing religious rites in churches. The Syrian Christians lived as a caste within the caste system in the country. But the Synod decided to do away with this practice. The Europeans who came to Kerala also opened the doors to Western thought and culture.
"The relevance of Father Chavara was that he had the opportunity to preside over the Church in the state during this transition phase when three cultural and religious streams fused together, namely, Western, local and Syrian," explained Father Thelakkat. Mother Euphrasia Eluvathingal was born in 1877 and like Father Chavara she showed a great interest in spiritual matters from a young age. She wanted to be a religious sister and she overcame the resistance to it from her family through her prayers and fasting. She joined the Congregation of Mother of Carmel for a life of uncompromising faith in god and intense prayer. She lived 48 years of her life in the Convent of St Mary's at Ollur, near Thrissur. Seeing her intense prayer people called her the "Praying Mother". From an economic point of view the canonization of Father Chavara and Mother Eluvathingal will open the doors to religious tourism , according to Abraham George, chairman and managing director, Intersight Tours and Travels.
There could be a flow of religious tourists to see the places where the saints lived and worshipped, he reckons. For the Church in Kerala, the sainthoods are recognition from Christianity's highest authorities. But Sarah Joseph says that the development is the result of the changes that are taking place in the Vatican. The new Pope is seen as a person who recognizes the poor, the marginalized and the minorities. "It is therefore not surprising that two people of an Asian country were canonized when he is at the highest authority of the Church," she said.

Clarke s birthday gift to Hughes: A moving tribute  an album of old photosprint
Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke wrote a moving birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes Sunday, calling him the brother he never had as players continued to grieve over his death.
Hughes, who would have celebrated his 26th birthday on Sunday, died Thursday two days after he was knocked unconscious by a bouncer while batting in a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Australia's first Test against India, which was due to start on Thursday in Brisbane, has been postponed with no new date yet scheduled.
Clarke said he "struggled to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life's true characters and gentlemen".
"His cricketing achievements -- of which there were many -- really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited," Clarke wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.
"Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind-hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child-like verve for life... I really could go on and on."
In 2 hours and 6 min it will be my Brothers 26th BDay. Please get yourself a drink and raise your glass!— Michael Clarke (@MClarke23) November 29, 2014
Clarke wrote of how he was instantly drawn to Hughes when the talented cricketer, then 17, moved to Sydney from his hometown of Macksville to play for his club Western Suburbs.
"I don't think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate," Clarke wrote.
"I don't have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him."
Australian captain Michael Clarke also posted a series of pictures on Instagram of moments that they had shared together, both on and off the field.
The photos ranged from Hughes donning the wicketkeeper's gloves, to Clarke and Hughes attending parties and Trivia nights together. FULL ALBUM HERE
A photo posted by Michael Clarke (@michaelclarkeofficial) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 1:39pm PST
Cricket Australia has said rescheduling of any Tests in the four-match series would be done in full consultation with the players, the Indian Board, the International Cricket Council and broadcasters.
Local media said the start of the Brisbane Test could be delayed by one or two days to give players some room to grieve after Hughes' funeral on Wednesday at Macksville in northern New South Wales.
Alternatively, the second Test in Adelaide, Hughes' adopted home, could be recast as the opening match of the series, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.

Citibank a deeply-entrenched domestic bank in India: CEOThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Barack Obamas plan to Power Africa gets off to a dimstartBy: Reuters | Johannesburg |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:09 pm
Barack Obama in 2013 told a cheering crowd in Cape Town that a $7 billion plan to “Power Africa” would double electricity output on the world’s poorest continent and bring “light where currently there is darkness”.
A year later, the U.S. president’s flagship project for Africa has already achieved 25 percent of its goal to deliver 10,000 megawatts of electricity and bring light to 20 million households and businesses, according to its annual report.
But the five-year plan has not yet delivered the power.
Power Africa has not measured its progress by counting actual megawatts added to the grid but promises of additional power made in deals it says it helped negotiate, according to sources inside the project and documents seen by Reuters.
Some projects facilitated by Power Africa — a programme operated by the U.S. aid agency USAID — were under way years before the scheme’s inception, others are still in the planning stage.
It is unclear how much of the $7 billion Obama pledged has actually been spent or if a further $20 billion in private sector investment commitments will materialise.
“Saying you’ve met targets on projects that might never happen or taking the credit for projects that have been worked on for years makes me uncomfortable,” a source working on Power Africa told Reuters. “It’s misleading.”
Obama’s pledge to double power generation in Africa within five years looked highly ambitious from the start. Per capita electricity output in Sub-Saharan Africa has been flat for three decades because most promised power plants never get built.
“We’re dealing with megawatts on paper, rather than on the grid,” a second source working on the project said.
“Is that really what Obama promised?”
The first African-American U.S. president, the son of a Kenyan father, Obama has often been criticised for a lukewarm engagement in Africa, consisting more of words than deeds.
“WE’RE LIKE A PHARMACIST”
The 48 countries of Sub-Saharan Africa, with a combined population of 800 million, produce roughly the same amount of power as Spain, a country of just 46 million. This constrains Africa’s growth and keeps hundreds of millions in poverty.
Power Africa coordinator Andrew Herscowitz told Reuters there had been some confusion about the role of the programme. He said it was always intended to “expedite transactions”, facilitating private investment rather than handing out aid.
Herscowitz said Power Africa was there to help the private sector deliver electricity and it had already negotiated commitments from companies worth $20 billion, although he did not know how much of this money had been spent.
“We’re like a pharmacist, where people come to us, we reach out to people and figure out what is needed,” he said.
“In some projects we may have a lot of involvement and in some we continued…

PM Modi blames film industry for creating bad image of policeforceBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 9:43 am
Film industry’s portrayal of the police force has irked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who said cinema has created a “very bad image” of the police in the minds of the common man. He said the government should make a special effort and rope in a PR agency to meet filmmakers and engage them in a process to bring out the best of the police force.
“The film industry has created a very bad image of the police in the minds of the common man and I ask them-why? Yes, there may be a some shortcomings but should only that be highlighted? Is it not our duty to remove these shortcomings by bringing into light the positive and good things,” he said.
“The image of films on the common man is immense and without their cooperation, policing cannot be successful”, he said. “We must think about long-term strategy to change the thoughts and perception of the common people based on reality”, Modi said.
Many Bollywood movies have seen the hero playing out the role of a cop with leading stars of all times donning the police uniform at least once in their career. Modi also blamed the media for mostly highlighting negative news though “there are thousands of good news which do not find a place in the media”.
The Prime Minister also called for setting up of websites of every police stations, like he did as the Gujarat Chief Minister, to highlight the positive work done by the police stations. “Each individual at some point of time in their life has a story of how the police has helped them and these stories should be brought to light to create a positive image of the police force.
“Each police station should put online a positive story every week and then people will see the many good things being done by the police,” he said.

After Delhi  Maharastra  TN received highest FDI equity inflows in FY15Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi bats for SMART policing  says good intelligence key for internal securityThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi switching to capitalist economy: DMKThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Top 7 cos add Rs 47 365 cr in m-cap | FPI inflows hit $4 bnThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bhel to cross 450 in fy 2016.bhel to cross 450 in fy 2016.
1.03 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Never sell now the target is very well intact and sure to be revised u...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sell sell sell sell target to 0.50/-Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Absolute;ly agree..thois stock is hold for long term..the margins are ...Platinum Member
150 Followers
absolute;ly agree..thois stock is hold for long term..the margins are increasing...why u want to sell..just hold ...dont even bother about targets...if you keep stock for 2 years its a multibahgger for sure...just patience is needed...when it moves it doesnt move5-10 % but moves 40-50 % ..its that kind of stock
In reply to : babuji555 message
1.02 PM Nov 30th

Do you need to break the bank to get a good phoneDo you need to break the bank to get a good phone?
Demand for low-end smartphones is on the rise as some customers favor price over brand
By Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer | Associated Press –  Tue 25 Nov, 2014 3:40 AM IST
View Photo
This product image provided by ZTE shows the Nubia 5S Mini smartphone. (AP Photo/ZTE)
NEW YORK (AP) -- It might seem as though everyone has an iPhone or Galaxy smartphone. But many customers are eschewing the best cameras and screens — and their top-end price tags — and choosing models that can get the job done at less than a third of the cost.
Sales of high-end Samsung and Apple phones remain robust, but demand for budget phones is growing. About a third of the smartphones sold in the U.S. between July and September cost less than $200, up from 18 percent a year ago, according to tech research firm IDC. A top-end phone costs $600 to $700 at full price, before the subsidies some phone companies offer in exchange for committing to two-year service contracts.
No longer are these cheap smartphones mostly no-frills devices with small screens and slow processors, says Ramon T. Llamas, a research manager for phones at IDC. As the costs of parts drop, phone manufacturers are able to outfit less-expensive models with advanced features once limited to high-end devices.
These phones lack the latest innovations, such as fingerprint security sensors and heart-rate monitors. They aren't as fast, and their cameras aren't as sharp. But the technology is more than adequate for those who just want to check email, look up sports scores and play video. Many cheaper phones now even offer the fastest wireless speeds on 4G LTE cellular networks, notes Jeff Bradley, senior vice president for devices at AT&T.
"There's a certain status to carrying an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy, as an example, but there are also people who say, 'I want a good, reliable phone, but I'm not willing to spend as much money on that," says David Owens, a senior vice president at wireless carrier Sprint Corp.
Joe Liggio, 16, a high school student in New York, says many of his friends have iPhones or Samsung phones, but he's never felt envy carrying his $180 Moto G from Motorola. He says it does everything he needs well, including texting, taking pictures, playing music and accessing the Internet.
Besides the Moto G, Motorola has a $129 Moto E as an alternative to its $500 Moto X. Microsoft Corp.'s Lumia 635 costs $179 or less, compared with the $550 its flagship Lumia Icon retailed for at launch. The Nubia 5S Mini, ZTE Corp.'s most expensive phone, retails for $280 contract-free. ZTE has a few models for just $100.
The cheaper phone does mean smaller profit. According to IHS iSuppli, ZTE makes about $130 per Nubia device sold, compared with several hundred for Apple and Samsung devices before marketing and administrative costs. But targeting the budget crowd has made ZTE the No. 5 smartphone vendor in the U.S., according to IDC.
Wait, you say, $200 is "cheap?" Many consumers in the United States see a $200 price tag on a typical high-end phone and think that is what the phone costs. But the phone company actually subsidizes about $450 or so of the total cost and recovers that by charging higher service fees for voice, text and data over the life of a two-year contract. Some carriers are now pushing customers to pay a phone's full price in installments, such as AT&T's Next plan, but $27 a month over two years doesn't sound as bad as $650 all at once.
So who are the main buyers of these budget phones? The highest demand has been from those with prepaid wireless plans, which are popular among first-time smartphone buyers as well as customers who have poor credit and have to pay the full price of phones up front. But even that is changing.
Doug Kaufman, Sprint's director of device strategy, says that 90 percent of phone sales with traditional contract plans had been for high-end devices, including year-old Apple and Samsung models. That's dipped to roughly 80 percent over the past half-year. Not everyone wants to pay $27 monthly when a lower-end phone can be had for less than $10 a month. And with the rise of family plans, parents are getting cheaper phones for their kids while choosing the latest and the greatest for themselves, he says.
Michael Weaver, an executive at the mobile-messaging firm Waterfall in New York, bought a Motorola Droid Mini for $50 with a contract, compared with $200 upfront for a high-end phone. Others "feel like they need to buy (something) that can launch the space shuttle, but they don't use half the features," he says.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Crowded mosque in Nigerias biggest city attacked  65 deadBy: Reuters | Yola |
Posted: November 29, 2014 1:10 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 10:45 am
Gunmen set off three bombs and opened fire on worshippers at the central mosque in north Nigeria’s biggest city Kano, killing at least 65 people on Friday, witnesses and police said, in an attack that bore the hallmarks of Islamist Boko Haram militants.
“These people have bombed the mosque. I am face to face with people screaming,” said Chijjani Usman, a local reporter who had gone to the mosque in the old city to pray.
The mosque is next to the palace of the emir of Kano, the second highest Islamic authority in Africa’s most populous country, although the emir himself, former central bank governor Lamido Sanusi, was not present.
No one immediately claimed responsibility but suspicion fell on Boko Haram, a Sunni jihadist movement fighting to revive a medieval Islamic caliphate in the region.
Boko Haram regards the traditional Islamic religious authorities in Nigeria with disdain, considering them a corrupt, self-serving elite that is too close to the secular government.
The insurgents have killed thousands in gun and bomb attacks on churches, schools, police stations, military bases, government buildings and mosques that do not share their radical ideology.
At least 65 people died on Friday, deputy police commissioner Sanusi N Lemo told reporters in Kano. “Three bombs were planted in the courtyard to the mosque and they went off simultaneously,” a security source who declined to be named said.
“After multiple explosions, they also opened fire. I cannot tell you the casualties because we all ran away,” added a member of staff at the palace.
Angry youths blocked the mosque’s gates to police, who had to disperse them with tear gas to gain entry.
The insurgency has forced more than one million people to flee during its campaign focused on Nigeria’s northeast, the Red Cross told reporters on Friday, an increase on a September UN refugee agency estimate of 700,000.
Islamic leaders sometimes shy away from direct criticism of Boko Haram for fear of reprisals. But Kano’s emir Sanusi, angered by atrocities such as the kidnapping of 200 schoolgirls from the village of Chibok in April, has been increasingly vocal.
He was quoted in the local press as calling on Nigerians this month to defend themselves against Boko Haram. During a broadcast recitation of the Koran he was reported to have said:
“These people, when they attack towns, they kill boys and enslave girls. People must stand resolute … They should acquire what they can to defend themselves. People must not wait for soldiers to protect them.”
Persistent insecurity is dogging President Goodluck Jonathan’s campaign for re-election to a second term in February 2015.

Government Nod to 15 FDI Plans; Cabinet to Consider HDFC ProposalYou are here: Home Corporates
Government Nod to 15 FDI Plans; Cabinet to Consider HDFC Proposal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 29, 2014 00:31 (IST)
Alstom T&D India Bags Rs 151 Crore Order From Rajasthan
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry on Friday said it has cleared 15 FDI applications, including that of Panacea Biotech and Sanofi-Synthelabo (India), and recommended HDFC Bank's proposal to hike foreign holding to the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) for consideration.
The proposals were cleared by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), headed by the Economic Affairs Secretary, in its meeting held earlier this month.
The ministry said HDFC Bank had sought approval for maintaining the permissible foreign holding in the bank up to 74 per cent of the total paid-up capital, out of which the FII sub-limit would be 49 per cent and the balance 25 per cent would be foreign direct investment (FDI).
"...(the) proposal has been recommended for the consideration of CCEA, as the investment involved in the proposals is above Rs 1,200 crore," it said.
It further said Panacea Biotech Limited has received the government's nod for issuance of equity shares to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) through proposed qualified institutional placement. Proposal of the Delhi-based listed pharmaceutical firm entails investment of Rs 250 crore.
The investment board (FIPB) cleared the Rs 90-crore proposal of Sanofi-Synthelabo (India), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanofi SA, France.
It had sought approval for additional foreign investment of Rs 90 crore from its parent company and inter-corporate loan from another Indian incorporated Sanofi Group company to acquire 20 per cent equity in Apollo Sugar Clinics, Mumbai - a company engaged in providing healthcare clinical services.
A Rs 184-crore investment proposal of GETIT Infoservices too has been approved. The permission was given to increasing foreign equity participation in its share capital from the current 96.266 per cent to up to 100 per cent.
FIPB also rejected proposals of Quikjet Cargo Airlines, Bangalore and Phil Arthur Bedford, Dubai.
Meanwhile, the board deferred decision on seven proposals, including of Holcim (India) and Augere Wireless Broadband India Pvt Ltd.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 23:33 (IST)

Reduce fuel price  don t cut subsidy: CongressAnand Sharma
(Congress today claimed…)
NEW DELHI: Congress has warned the BJP-led government against any move to slash subsidies that would add to the economic burden of ordinary people. The main Opposition party's warning came in the backdrop of reports that the Centre was mulling rationalising subsidies by relooking at the justification of giving 'unquantified subsidy' to 'unidentifiable' sections.
Addressing a news conference in New Delhi on Friday, Congress deputy leader in the Rajya Sabha, Anand Sharma , said the government must pass on the benefits of reduction in prices of international crude to consumers. Maintaining that the recent cut in domestic prices were not enough, taking into account current level of reduced international crude oil prices, Sharma said the Centre must immediately go for a matching cut in domestic fuel prices, failing which "Congress will oppose the anti-people move of the NDA".
Maintaining that that a combination of global factors have led to the dip in the inflation rate at home, he said, "yet retail prices vegetables, fruit and some food items have not yet shown any downward journey".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Centre to drop plans to introduce land acquisition bill in winter sessionCentre likely to drop plans to introduce land acquisition bill in winter session
Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Birendra Singh
(Rural Development Minister Birendra Singh…)
The Centre is likely to drop its plans to introduce the land acquisition amendment bill this session as it is unlikely to be passed by the Rajya Sabha, where NDA is in a minority. Congress, TC and most Opposition parties are firmly against the bill.
According to sources in government, after efforts of senior BJP ministers to get Congress and other parties on board failed, the government decided not to bring the bill. The government is already battling to pass the insurance bill. "We were more focused on the insurance bill and the Goods and Services Tax Bill. Hopefully both will see the light of day in the Winter session of Parliament. Land acquisition bill was never high on the agenda for this session," a senior minister said.
However, the government did mull over bringing the legislation before the session began and the issue was taken up with Congress. The bill needs to be approved by half the number of states too and some of them are opposed to the bill as implementation of its provisions lay with them since land is a state subject.
Congress maintains that any dilution of the provisions of the 2013 bill would affect farmers as they would get less compensation for their land while industrialists will benefit. TC and Left parties are also opposed to any dilution of the provisions. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had voiced her opposition to it on the same grounds as those cited by Congress. SP and JD(U) are also against any amendment to it.
"The present Land Acquisition Act is very populist and difficult to implement for any government. We need to amend it. BJP supported the bill in 2013 as it was brought before elections and the party could not be seen opposing such a legislation," a senior BJP leader said. Rural Development Minister Birendra Singh is reportedly planning to discuss the proposed amendments with state governments to get their support. Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu also made an effort to win the support of several parties but met with limited success.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Centre unleashes strategy to ensure that insurance bill panel submits report by December 12Centre unleashes strategy to ensure that insurance bill panel submits report by December 12
CL Manoj, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 12.08PM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Centre unleashes a multi-pronged…)
NEW DELHI: The government is working on a strategy to ensure that the select committee on insurance submits its report by the December 12 deadline for it to push through the bill in the ongoing Parliament session. NDA has also mounted a hunt to mop up numbers in the 15-member select committee by focusing on vulnerable regional parties. NDA has accelerated its efforts after sensing an opposition plot to seek another extension of the Rajya Sabha select committee beyond the current deadline.
NDA is confident that panel chairman Chandan Mitra would be able to submit report within the deadline. The ruling side will insist from Tuesday that the panel go ahead with its scheduled meetings if they find the quorum and not wait for majority members to be present. As per rules, presence of four members will fulfil the quorum and it won't be difficult for NDA to ensure that. BJP has three members — Mitra, VP Singh Bhadnore and R Ramakrishnan — and partner SAD one, Naresh Gujral . Also, Indp member Rajiv Chandrashekhar is a supporter of the bill.
NDA's second strategy is to build support within the committee so that its report could be presented before the House. "We are trying to ensure the committee proposes a report that carries the majority support in the panel. Those who disagree may submit their own separate reports (dissenting notes)," said a source in the ruling front. NDA is unlikely to face any problem in passing the Bill in the Lok Sabha as it has a clear majority in the Lower House. But it is facing a test in the Rajya Sabha, where it is short of numbers.
The line-up in the panel gives the sources an impression that it is divided into three blocks: five members — BJP, Akali Dal and Chandrashekhar — clearly backing the Bill and six others opposing it — three from Congress , one each from Trinamool, CPM and JD(U). The third, and the most crucial in tilting the balance, comprises one member each from AIADMK, BJD, SP and BSP. These parties are being "worked on" by the pro- and antibill groups in this battle for majority.
During the monsoon session, AIADMK member V Maitreyan had moved an amendment opposing the proposal to hike the FDI to 49% and that amendment still stands before the panel. In between the monsoon and winter sessions, the most important factor in AIADMK was the conviction of party chief J Jayalalithaa in a corruption case, who is now out of jail on bail. "We will have to see whether this factor impacts the AIADMK stand ," said an opposition member on the panel.
The BJD member, sources say, has of late been showing a kind of understanding with NDA, incidentally, at a time when CBI probe into the Saradha chit fund scam has reached Odisha, where the party is in power. "Unlike Mamata who had declared war on the NDA regime over the CBI raids and arrests in the case, the BJD camp is showing no such belligerence," said a panel member.
The remaining two members belong to parties which UPA had managed to extract support from when it was in power. The recent regrouping of the Janata Parivar — JD(U), SP, RJD, JD(S) and RLD — seems to have made SP so far remain in the company of JD(U) and others opposed to the bill. Mayawati has made it clear that BSP will take a final call at an appropriate time, giving an impression she is keeping the option of backing the bill open, depending on the ruling side's ability to offer a deal. NDA's plans to get the bill through in the panel and in the House depend on its ability to work on three key regional and wavering parties: BSP, BJD and AIADMK.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Elegance ousts opulence as India Inc GeNext marriesAs GeNext ties the knot, India Inc shuns opulence for elegance
By Vijaya Rathore, Pritha Mitra Dasgupta & Glynda Alves, ET Bureau | 29 Nov, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Corporate scions want to focus on finer aspects — such as food, hotels, receiving guests & choosing return gifts — rather than spending mindlessly. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: 'Small', 'intimate' and 'family and close friends only' have had a different meaning when it comes to Indian weddings. Ditto for spending: sums considered sensible or over-the-top have been usually relative. Personalised invitations, romantic venues, perfect settings and great food are a given; however, there's a new mantra wafting round the shamiana. Welcome to the Big Fat Indian Wedding 2.0(14).
And look no further than the nuptials of the progeny of some of India's best-known corporate names, starting with this weekend, for the details.
No doubt HDFC's Deepak Parekh could've pulled in the Bollywood badshahs to shake a leg at his younger son Siddharth's marriage on November 29 and media baron Aveek Sarkar could have done the same for his daughter Chiki's wedding on the same day in Delhi. Ditto for ICICI's Chanda Kochhar , whose daughter Aarti will tie the knot on November 30.
Add to that the forthcoming lagan of ad world legend Sam Balsara's daughter Lara in mid-January in Mumbai, and the justsolemnised weddings of Pepsi-Co's Sanjeev Chadha's son Kabir on November 28 and IPG Media Brands India CEO Shashi Sinha's daughter Ritika on November 21, and it's clear that the watchword for these corporate stalwarts — or at least their children — are personalised festivities rather than conspicuous consumption, preferably away from the media melee.
Given the net worth of the families, they could splurge like the BFIW of yore, with budgets going up to Rs 500 crore. But leading wedding planner Vandana Mohan says, "Spends have stabilised. No one is going crazy or spending money mindlessly." For these corporate and professional scions, spending time on the finer details —like receiving guests and choosing return gifts — is as important, if not more, than spending money.
Agrees Samhit Garg of E-Factor Entertainment, "Corporates want to keep their functions understated, focus on good-quality hotels and food rather than spending excessively on every aspect of a wedding."
Smaller, relaxed dos at unexpected venues as well as famous fivestar hotels, leading up to the main event — often in an offbeat setting — are the new normal, with plenty of opportunity for power powwows (given the parents' friends circles) as well as good fun (given their offsprings' diktat!).
While 'out of the box' choices for invitation cards continue — Barkha Athania from The Wedding Company mentions "Save the Date cards printed to look like movie tickets or plane tickets, 3D wedding cards and booklet cards, and even one on individual iPads" — the accent is increasingly on distinctiveness and discreet spending rather than unadulterated opulence. According to Chef Himanshu Taneja of Mumbai's JW Marriott, "People are opting for elegance over gaudy weddings. But that doesn't mean it is cheaper. We hosted a wedding this June that worked out to Rs 13,000 per plate and the venue to Rs 1.5 crore. Even working professionals are willing to spending money but it's not a waste. They are being practical because they get value for money.

97 palaces in Murshidabad to get facelift  place in West Bengal economy97 palaces in Murshidabad to get facelift, place in West Bengal economy
By Tasmayee Laha Roy , ET Bureau | 29 Nov, 2014, 05.09AM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Murshidabad, Bengal's capital in the Mughal period and home to over 100 palaces, havelis, mansions and gardens, may soon regain its lost glory with their owners joining hands to renovate the decrepit structures and leverage them for tourism.
Come 2018 and 97 of these palaces, including the reputed Kathgola Palace and Gardens, Naulakha Kothi and Singhi Kothi, will have a new look - and some would have been transformed into hotels and restaurants. The palaces are now in the custody of the descendants of the original owners, who have formed the Murshidabad Heritage Development Society (MHDS) to take up the renovation work.
Murshidabad, about 200 km north of Kolkata, was the centre of governance in 18th century eastern India and the base from which the British established their rule over India. After the administrative centre was shifted to the bank of the Bhagirathi River in 1701, the trading community from Jodhpur migrated to Bengal, sensing the potential for enhanced financial opportunity.
They settled in the areas of Mahimapur, Jyaganj and Azimganj and became known as the Sherwali community and over the years they accumulated vast amounts of wealth, becoming an important factor in Bengal's economy. There are 14 temples and 97 palaces on the heritage property list with the MHDS and more are to be identified, said Sandip Nowlakha, the founder of the society and owner of a speciality restaurant chain. His family, which owns palaces at Azimganj, including Nowlakha Kothi and Singhi Kothi, is spending Rs 3 crore to convert them into a 20-room boutique hotel by the end of 2018. Once renovated, they will house restaurants run by the Nowlakhas, who started Corner Cafe and Garden Cafe, Kolkata's answer to drive-ins. These restaurants will serve Sherwali cuisine.
"Sherwali cuisine is a fusion of Rajasthani, Bengali, Nawabi and Mughali food. We have already had the food trials at Taj and ITC hotels and it has been a huge hit. This vegetarian cuisine will be another part of lost history that would be revamped and re-introduced to Murshidabad," said Pradip Chopra, President of MHDS and chairman of Kolkata real estate company PS Group
Another prime property, Kathgola Palace, attracts 4.5 lakh tourists every year, filling the coffers of the Sri Adinath Deb Thakur Trust , which has taken up its renovation. About Rs 3.5 crore is being spent to restore parts of the palace, which has opened only the ground floor to tourists.
"The Janana Mahal of the palace is being converted into a 20-room accommodation, with the Sahi kitchen being converted to a Sherwali food eatery. A souvenir shop in the premises is also in the pipeline," said Sanjay Doogar, a trustee of the property. Sudip Kumar Singh Dudhoria, a 7th generation descendant of the Dudhorias, runs a silk business. Back in Murshidabad, the family has a palace, the Bari Kothi, spread over three quarters of an acre by the riverside. Inspired by Roman architecture, the attractions include a sheesh mahal, library and gaddi ghar. The palace, which is mostly dilapidated, has been under renovation for the past three years.
"With the help of MHDS, we have been able to rope in a Canadian architect who helped us with the initial planning work," said Dudhoria. "We are looking at a 20-room accommodation."
If the palaces of Murshidabad are done up and put together, a mini-Rajasthan can be created in Bengal, says Samrat Chowdhury, regional manager at WelcomHeritage, a joint venture between ITC Hotels and Jodhana Heritage. "The development has to be holistic to make it a tourist destination. If restoration of the palaces is followed by infrastructure development, there would not just be hotel chains that would come here, but also tourists. Anyone who comes to Bengal will stop by at Murshidabad.

Lal Bahadur Shastri s memorial may be historyYou are here: Home > Collections
With fund lifeline cut off, former PM Lal Bahadur Shastri's memorial may die a slow death
Ritika Chopra, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 10.48AM IST
Tags:
Ananth Kumar
(Faced with shortage of funds,…)
NEW DELHI: For a historical figure being constantly appropriated by various political parties, there seems to be little financial support for keeping former prime minister Lal Bahadur Shastri's memory alive.
Faced with an acute shortage of funds, the memorial to him that was established at the behest of the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government is finding it difficult to make ends meet and is in danger of having to be wound up.
Located adjacent to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's residence, the memorial that's run by a trust won't receive financial help from the culture ministry from this year following a decision taken by the UPA-II government. The trust's financial woes have been compounded by a cabinet decision taken by the current NDA government to stop financing birth and death anniversary celebrations of all national leaders except Mahatma Gandhi. Union ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad and Ananth Kumar are among the current members of the trust while Vajpayee is the founder-trustee.
According to the late PM 's son and Congress leader Anil Shastri, the trust 's resources are fast depleting. "Like Shastriji, the trust 's corpus is very modest. We had Rs 42 lakh which has now been reduced to Rs 35 lakh since the ministry of culture has decided to not give us annual grants for running and maintaining the memorial. We have also encashed a fixed deposit of Rs 5 lakh recently", Shastri, who is also the holding trustee, told ET.
He said he's written four letters to Prime Minister Modi since August urging him to reconsider the cabinet decision and direct the culture ministry to start disbursing funds again. If no help is forthcoming, the trust will have little option but to close down the memorial, he said. "The PM took Shastriji's name thrice from the ramparts of the Red Fort. I wrote my first letter to him on August 20 thinking he holds Shastriji in high regard. None of my four letters has even been acknowledged by Modiji. If we keep spending money at this rate, we'll soon have to raise money outside and if we can't manage enough, we'll close it and hand over the keys to the culture ministry," he said.
Aside from the ruling party, the Aam Aadmi Party too has cited the former PM. One of Lal Bahadur Shastri's sons, Sunil Shastri, joined the BJP last year, while a grandson, Adarsh Shastri, is with Aam Aadmi Party. The bungalow where Lal Bahadur Shastri lived for many years as a Union minister and later as Prime Minister, was converted into a memorial by the Vajpayee government as per a Cabinet decision taken in 2000. Shastri is among the three Prime Ministers of this country who died in office, apart from Indira Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru.
The memorial was formally inaugurated by the then PM Manmohan Singh in 2005 in the presence of Vajpayee.
According to Anil Shastri, since the memorial was an initiative taken by the government, it was "understood" that the culture ministry was its administrative body. From the financial year 2006-07 to 2011-12, the memorial received almostRs 60 lakh from the ministry--an average Rs 10 lakh a year. The trust received another Rs 10 lakh this year, the culture ministry's last grant.
The ministry is of the view that it has supported the memorial financially for a fairly long time and that the trust should take over its management now.
"Firstly, we are not the administrative ministry of the memorial. Secondly, in 2010-11, when the previous government examined the process of giving grants for voluntary organisations and societies running memorials, it was felt that the culture ministry should only give a one-time grant to them. So, this year, we have given the trust another Rs 10 lakh as the last grant, over and above all the help we have already extended. It's not feasible to sustain this arrangement forever," said an official of the ministry. "Unlike, say the Babu Jagjivan Ram Trust which got a corpus ofRs 50 crore from the government, we hardly have anything," Anil Shastri said.
"We employ a curator for the museum, gallery attendants and office staff and there are conservation expenses. The management of this place costs about Rs 12 to Rs 15 lakh per annum. If the government has decided to discontinue grants then maybe they should create a corpus of Rs 5 crore which can be held jointly by the trust and the ministry. The trust will only use the interest earned from the corpus to run the memorial. I have also suggested that the National Museum can take over and manage the memorial without any involvement of the trust," he said. "Shastriji was the PM of a country and he died in office. The onus of maintaining his memorial is also on the government, which established it in the first place," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CVC withdraws circular; blow for whistleblowersYou are here: Home > Collections > Cvc
CVC withdraws circular that encouraged whistleblowers, even if complainants were anonymous
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 29, 2014, 05.49AM IST
Tags:
Central Vigilance Commission
(The circular was meant to…)
NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission has withdrawn a 12-year-old circular that urged government departments to investigate allegations of corruption if there was prima facie evidence, even if complaints were submitted by anonymous people or those using pseudonyms. The circular was meant to protect whistleblowers, revelation of whose identity could prove detrimental and deter them from bringing to light cases of corruption.
However, complainants who desire to protect their identity for fear of consequences have the protection of the Public Interest Disclosure and Protection of Informers Resolution, 2004, where the identity of the complainant would be kept a secret, if complaint is filed to the CVC under this provision. Withdrawal of the circular would mean that any complaint which does not carry the name of complainant or one with a wrong identity would be rejected, irrespective of the seriousness of the allegation or verifiable facts presented with the complaint.
An official claimed this was been done to ensure honest officials were not harassed through anonymous complaints of corruption and also to address perception of policy paralysis in bureaucracy. The circular issued in 2002 had said that government departments or Central Vigilance Officers (CVOs) can look into anonymous complaints after prior CVC concurrence if there were any "verifiable" facts in the complaint. CVC, in a circular to all ministries and CVOs on November 25 has now said the 2002 CVC circular stands withdrawn with immediate effect.
Interestingly, both the government and the Central Vigilance Commission have done U-turns on this issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

People of J&K see new ray of hope  says PM Narendra ModiYou are here: Home > Collections
People of J&K see new ray of hope, says PM Narendra Modi
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 10.24PM IST
Tags:
Assembly polls
(Addressing election rallies…)
SRINAGAR: PM Narendra Modi has praised the people of Jammu & Kashmir for their historic participation in the first phase of the assembly elections that sent out a clear message to the world that the valley has rejected "bullets" to embrace "ballots".
Addressing election rallies in Udhampur and Poonch on Friday, Modi hoped the subsequent phases of the elections too will see heavy voting.
"This election would be recorded as the special and extra-ordinary election in the history of India and I believe the participation will continue in the subsequent phases," the prime minister said in Udhampur.
"Forces who had suppressed people using bullets were introduced to the ballot during the first phase of polls," he said.
The 15 assembly seats that went to polls in the first phase on Tuesday had registered 70%-72% voter turnout despite a boycott call .
Modi did not talk about the ongoing border encounter in Arnia where the death toll has reached 11, including three soldiers.
Seeking support for a BJP rule in the state, Modi promised to bring development to the state and recover its plundered resources.
"For 30 years, development in J&K is stuck as politicians have resorted to plunder, corruption and blackmail," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ungli review by Anupama Chopra: It is gleefully sillyCast: Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Kangana Ranaut, Sanjay Dutt
Rating: 2/5
Ungli is a half-baked, laughably simplistic drama about a gang of do-gooders who decide, and I quote here, to show the system the finger.
A journalist, a medical intern, a mechanic and a computer engineer don masks and set out to fix the many injustices in Mumbai city. he motto of the Ungli gang is ‘Jab ghee seedhi aur tedhi, dono ungliyon se nahin nikle, toh beech ka rasta apnaana padhta hai’.
Director Rensil D’Silva is clearly interested in creating entertainment with a social conscience. Ungli packs a few punches, but mostly, Ungli is gleefully silly.
The friends — played by Randeep Hooda, Kangana Ranaut, Neil Bhoopalam and Angad Bedi — actually create an office space in an industrial shed, complete with computers and graffiti.
Hooda is Abhay, an investigative television journalist who uses his Ungli gang identity to further his love affair with a colleague. There’s also Sanjay Dutt as an honest cop and Emraan Hashmi as a roguish cop who calls in a fake bomb threat just so he can meet an ex-girlfriend.
The story is interesting, but it plays out at such an amateurish level that you can’t take any of it seriously. The film is filled with fine actors but none of the characters has any meat on it. I felt especially bad for Kangana, who is totally wasted here. Ungli feels dated and tedious. A story like this needed to hit a lot harder.
Ungli

Israeli cricket umpire killed after ball strikes him in the faceprint
Israeli police said a 60-year-old man has died after being struck in the face by a ball while working as an umpire at a cricket match in the coastal city of Ashdod.
Police spokesperson Luba Samri said the man was hit by a ball during a league game on Saturday and that no foul play was suspected. He was evacuated to hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Hillel Oscar, the former Israeli cricket captain who was killed when hit by a ball when umpiring a game. (Photo credit: Israel Cricket Association)
Saturday's accident comes just two days after professional Australian cricket player Phillip Hughes died from injuries he sustained after being struck by a ball.
Witnesses told Israeli media a batsman struck a ball and it rebounded off the stumps to hit the umpire, who was not wearing protective gear.
Cricket remains a niche game in Israel and played mostly among a tight-knit group of expatriates.

Hosni Mubarak: Journey of the fallen Egypt ruler who fought back in courtprint
Supporters of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak celebrate after hearing the verdict of his trial in Cairo. (Reuters Photo)
Hosni Mubarak, who on Saturday escaped murder charges , ruled Egypt with an iron grip for three decades until he was forced from power by the 2011 democratic uprisings that swept the region.
The 86-year-old's spectacular fall from grace sent shock waves across the Middle East and beyond when he announced his resignation on February 11, 2011 after an 18-day popular revolt.
Just months later, in April, he was arrested and subsequently charged with various crimes, including corruption and inciting the killing of hundreds of people during the uprising.
In 2012, he was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. He appealed, and a retrial was ordered. A court on Saturday acquitted him of both sets of charges.
A supporter of Mubarak holds his portrait as a medical helicopter takes off outside Maadi military hospital transporting the deposed leader to the court in Cairo for his trial. (AFP Photo)
Mubarak, who will remain imprisoned for three years in a separate corruption case, broke into a smile after the verdict was issued.
Applause erupted and his sons and co-defendants stooped down to kiss his forehead as he lay on a stretcher inside their caged dock.
The decision came after an appeals court overturned an initial life sentence for Mubarak in 2012 on a technicality.
His lawyer said Saturday's verdict was "a good ruling that proved the integrity of Mubarak's era".
Until protests erupted on January 25, 2011, Mubarak had seemed untouchable as president of the Arab world's most populous nation, backed by the United States and the military, from whose ranks he had emerged.
He had survived 10 attempts on his life, most of them by Islamists, but in the end, it was a popular uprising that brought him down.
It was a blow he found hard to accept.
 
Mubarak greets medics, army personnel and his supporters, as he leaves a helicopter ambulance after it landed at Maadi Military Hospital following his verdict in Cairo.(AP Photo/Amr Nabil)
Unexpected rise to power
 
After his overthrow, Mubarak said he and his family were the victims of "false claims that seek to ruin my reputation and challenge my integrity".
And following his life sentence, his health deteriorated and he spent much of his time in a military-run hospital.
He recovered but was reportedly deeply depressed by the election of Mohamed Morsi, the candidate of his long-time foe the Muslim Brotherhood, as president later the same month.
Morsi has been held in detention since the army deposed him in July 2013.
Mubarak rose to power unexpectedly, when president Anwar Sadat, who made history by signing a peace deal with Israel, was gunned down by an Islamist officer at a military parade on October 6, 1981.
He took office a week later and ruled without interruption until his overthrow.
Islamist militants were responsible for most of the attempts to kill Mubarak, including a failed bid to fire rockets at his plush Cairo residence.
In 1995, militants opened fire on his motorcade in Addis Ababa.
With his jet black hair, which he has maintained even in jail, Mubarak had a reputation for vigour and was once known to play squash almost daily.
But that image suffered in 2003 when he fainted while addressing parliament.
 
Guarded private life
 
In 2004, he underwent surgery for a slipped disc in Germany, where he returned in 2010 for the removal of his gall bladder and a growth on the small intestine.
Mubarak, whose wife Suzanne is half Welsh, has always kept his private life a carefully guarded secret.
He was born on May 4, 1928 in the Nile Delta village of Menufiyah and rose through the ranks of the air force, fighting in repeated wars with Israel, before supporting Sadat in pursuing peace with the Jewish state in 1979.
In office, he maintained the unpopular policy of peace with Israel and accommodation with the West that cost Sadat his life.
Mubarak's government was the frequent target of domestic opposition -- ranging from the Brotherhood to secular and liberal dissidents -- who were often jailed.
An anti-Mubarak protester reacts after hearing the verdict of the trial of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak outside a police academy on the outskirts of Cairo. (Reuters photo)
His regime mercilessly crushed militant groups, which carried out attacks in the 1980s, 1990s and in 2004 and 2006, when tourist resorts were targeted.
Mubarak's ties with the US and Israel drew criticism from across the region, especially during the 2006 Israeli war in Lebanon and Israel's Gaza offensive in 2008-2009.
A few days into the uprising, Washington deserted him -- belatedly in the view of many Egyptians -- and it was only some Gulf Arab states that backed him to the end.

No green nod required for 74 coal blocks to be auctioned inFebruaryBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:41 am
The 74 coal mines, which the government plans to auction to specific end-users in the first phase of bidding on February 11, will not require any green clearances, a top official has said. The auction will be for the private sector, while state-owned companies will get mines via allotment.
The 74 blocks to be auctioned are from 204 mines whose allocations were quashed terming their allotment as “arbitrary and illegal” by the Supreme Court. “In these 74 blocks, the clearances that have been given in the past shall pass on to the new allotees. The Ministry of Environment and Forests is working out a formulation. But in principle they have agreed that there would not be any requirement for fresh clearances,” said Coal Secretary Anil Swarup an interview.
“Land acquisition is not an issue for these blocks, nor environment clearances,” he added. The government had last week announced auctioning and allotment of 74 blocks– 42 blocks, which are already into production and another 32 which are ready for production–in the first phase of bidding. These blocks have a potential to produce 210 million tonnes of coal.
Asked about the remaining 130 mines, Swarup said the focus as of now is on the blocks, which were already producing or ready for production, and the matters related to the remaining blocks would be taken up later as “there are many other things to be done. So there is no urgency in that”.
To a question when the government intends to allow commercial mining, Swarup said: “The government is first considering these 74 coal blocks. Thereafter, a view will be taken on whether or when or how commercial mining will happen.” The government had also announced that it is considering auctioning or allotting more than 74 blocks in the first phase as it wants enough number of coal mines available to power firms.
It is in the process of finalising the exact number of additional mines on the basis of the nature of the blocks. The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly. The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids.

FC Goa looking for hattrick of wins on home soilUpdated: November 30, 2014 11:34 IST
FC Goa looking for hattrick of wins on home soil
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Chief coach of the Goa FC, Zico is pleased with the away his team has been playing. File Photo
TOPICS
soccer
A keen contest is on the card as FC Goa will be looking to complete a hattrick of wins when they play their last match of the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) at home against NE United FC in Margao on Monday.
With three rounds to go, the league is poised for an interesting finish after unexpected results in the last two rounds. Nobody expected FC Goa would rise among the top four after they were lying at the bottom, but their coach Zico kept faith in his boys that they can do it.
He was not happy with his coaching staff and once he got them changed with his own men from Brazil, things changed for the Goan side as they starting winning thereafter to reach third spot with 15 points from 11 matches.
A win tomorrow will not only take them to second spot but also give them the needed confidence to play their last two away matches and win against Altetico de Kolkata and Chennayin FC and thus qualify for the semi-finals.
Zico is pleased with the away his team has been playing.
The last match has been the best among all the matches they have played as they outplayed Kerala Blasters 3-0 with Andre Santos leading the attack from the middle. Romeo Fernandes and Mandar Rao Desai too played well on the flanks keeping the rival defenders under constant pressure.
Striker Miroslav who struggled to score in the first leg has found his striking prowess, scoring three goals in the last two matches and will be the one who will cause the rival defence all sort of trouble in the absence of their reliable defender Joan Capdevila who will not play on Monday due to the red card he received in the last match.
Bruno Pinherio who plays in the midfield has been excellent replacement for injured Youness who is recovering from knee injury in the defence. He along with Gregory Arnolin has guarded the defence well and coach Zico is likely to stick to the same side that won the last two matches.
North East United FC who lost to Delhi Dynamos came back strongly to beat table topper Chennayin FC in the last match to move to sixth place with 13 points from 11 matches and thus keep their hopes alive for a place in the knock-out stage.
They have young blood who are capable of giving their opponents a tough fight with their quick running down the flanks.
The visitors’ success will depend on how Koke stir the attack from the middle. Defender Kondawni Mtonga and Massamba Sambou are dangerous in the aerial ball and the home team will have to keep a close watch against them.
Both the teams drew 1-1 in their first leg match and Monday’s match too is going to be a close contest. But the home team who has improved after each match and with crowd support they have a good chance to win and cement their place for the semi-finals.

Kent RO aims to be a Rs 1 000-cr firm by 2016-17Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lemon Tree Hotels to invest Rs 600 crore by next fiscal-endThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NSE to auction FII limits for Rs 3 161 cr govt debt tomorrowNSE to auction FII limits for Rs 3,161 cr govt debt tomorrow
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 11:00 AM IST
As foreign investors remain bullish on Indian markets, top bourse NSE will tomorrow auction investment limits for them in government debt securities worth Rs 3,161 crore.
The aggregate overseas investment in these securities has reached Rs 1,21,271 crore - 97.46 per cent of total permitted limit of Rs 1,24,432 crore - as on November 28.
As per the guidelines of capital markets regulator Sebi, unutilised debt investment limits for foreign investors need to be auctioned on an exchange platform when the aggregate reaches or breaches 90 per cent of the limit.
The aggregate limit includes that of Foreign Institutional Investors, Foreign Portfolio Investors and Qualified Institutional Investors.
Accordingly, live bidding for auction of the currently unutilised debt investment limits worth Rs 3,161 crore would be conducted on National Stock Exchange's e-Bid platform on December 1.
The last such auction was conducted on BSE's EbidXchange platform on November 10, when debt securities worth Rs 1,488 crore were over-subscribed by nearly four times, receiving bids worth Rs 5,664 crore. A total of 83 bids were received, out of which 28 were declared successful.
Almost all such auctions have received robust response in the recent times and have got over-subscribed by multiple times, reflecting a huge demand among foreign investors for government debt securities in the Indian markets.
As per the current norms, foreign investors are allowed to invest up to $25 billion (Rs 1,24,432 crore) in government debt securities through auction route, while the cap currently stands at $5 billion (Rs 29,137 crore) for government debt bonds through 'on tap' route.
While the limit in the first category has been exhausted by over 97 per cent, the second category is also already used up by nearly 84 per cent.
Foreign investors are allowed to pump in a further $5.5 billion in treasury bills, out of which nearly 14 per cent is used as of now.
In corporate debt, the upper cap currently stands at $51 billion and nearly 57 per cent of this limit has been exhausted by the foreign investors.
The overall investment cap for debt securities stands at $81 billion (Rs 3,97,892 crore), which also includes $2 billion for commercial papers and $5 billion for credit enhanced bonds.
Of this overall limit, the total investments and limits acquired by foreign investors currently stands at Rs 2,83,984 crore which is over 71 per cent of the permitted limits.

2 dead  13 injured in 2 incidents of accidentalblastsBy: Express News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:16 pm
Two persons died and 13 were injured in two separate incidents of accidental explosions in their homes early Sunday morning. In the first incident, 2 idol makers were killed in Karimnagar town when a container filled with chemical used to harden plaster of paris exploded when a worker was pouring water in it. “It was a powerful, 20-metre radius blast. Two persons died on the spot and a third person, the owner of the house cum shop, hand was ripped off. The blast damaged walls of the house. This chemical is used to harden plaster of paris when making idols. A forensic team is at the spot,” Karimnagar SP Shiva Kumar said.
The early morning blast created panic in Saraswati society on the Karimnagar bypass road. In another incident at Kalyandurg in Anantapur district, 13 persons who were sitting around a bonfire were seriously injured when an unidentified object thrown into the fire exploded. Among the injured are four children.
They had all early gathered outside the house of a relative who expired today morning and it was very chilly lit a bonfire. Police said that a boy brought a bundle of papers from the house of nearby and threw it in the fire and the explosion occurred. Police said the owner of the house works in a quarry and may have stored some explosive material among the papers which exploded when it was thrown in the fire.

PM Narendra Modi irked by Bollywoods portrayal of police; says theyve created a very badimageBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:57 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 9:43 am
Film industry’s portrayal of the police force has irked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who said cinema has created a “very bad image” of the police in the minds of the common man. He said the government should make a special effort and rope in a PR agency to meet filmmakers and engage them in a process to bring out the best of the police force.
“The film industry has created a very bad image of the police in the minds of the common man and I ask them-why? Yes, there may be a some shortcomings but should only that be highlighted? Is it not our duty to remove these shortcomings by bringing into light the positive and good things,” he said.
“The image of films on the common man is immense and without their cooperation, policing cannot be successful”, he said. “We must think about long-term strategy to change the thoughts and perception of the common people based on reality”, Modi said.
Many Bollywood movies have seen the hero playing out the role of a cop with leading stars of all times donning the police uniform at least once in their career. Modi also blamed the media for mostly highlighting negative news though “there are thousands of good news which do not find a place in the media”.
The Prime Minister also called for setting up of websites of every police stations, like he did as the Gujarat Chief Minister, to highlight the positive work done by the police stations. “Each individual at some point of time in their life has a story of how the police has helped them and these stories should be brought to light to create a positive image of the police force.
“Each police station should put online a positive story every week and then people will see the many good things being done by the police,” he said.

India s wildlife at risk  endangered species list doubles in 2 yrsIndia's wildlife at risk, endangered species list doubles in 2 yrs
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 30, 2014
First Published: 01:10 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:33 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
Rapid decrease in suitable habitat across India has resulted in the addition of 253 new species of wildlife in the endangered list in just two years. The number of endangered species in 2010 was 190, which jumped sharply to 443 in 2012, according to the latest data by the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI).
Advertisement
The startling information became public through a Comptroller and Auditor General’s report tabled in the Parliament on Friday highlighting malaise in the ZSI, a 100-year-old institution, and its failure to conduct status surveys of endangered species — its primary objective.
The ZSI list is split in five categories: mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish. Of them, birds were hardest hit with 139 species on the list in 2012 – up from 57 in 2010. The list includes the Nicobar Megapode, Black-necked Crane and Jerdon’s Curser.
“Birds are the first sign of health of a habitat and quality of life,” said Fayaz Khudsar, a biologist in the Delhi University. “As the external environmental parameters are not conducive, the birds of specialist foraging guild are shrinking and the list of endangered birds is enlarging.”
The number of mammals on the endangered list has gone up from 62 in 2010 to 123 in 2012 and includes the Snow Leopard, Hangul Kashmir Stag and the Pygmy Hog.
Rapid water contamination has taken a toll on the fishes too with 45 new species added to the list for a total of 67 endangered species in 2012.
39 new species of Amphibians have been added to the list – up from 35 species in 2010 to 74 in 2012. The Anamalai Flying Frog, Gundia Indian Frog and Kerala Indian Frog figure on the list.
There are now 40 endangered reptiles – up from 14 in 2010 – including Gharial, Hawksbill Turtle and the Red-crowned Roofed Turtle. Blaming the ZSI for failing to carry out its mandate to provide direction to the government for protecting India’s massive biodiversity, the CAG said status surveys were carried out on only three endangered species since 1993 and were ‘insignificant’.
The institute also failed to perform its primary job of regularly updating the Red Data Book --- the country’s official record of threatened species, said the national auditor. The book was last updated about 20 years ago and the environment ministry blamed lack of expertise and logistical constraints for ZSI’s failure.
This was despite money being provided for the job.
India is home to about 8% of the world’s total species and has one of the finest biological hotspots on the globe. An estimated 45,000 plant and 89,000 animal species have been recorded in Indian forests so far.

Clarke s birthday gift to Hughes: A moving tribute  album of old photosprint
Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke wrote a moving birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes Sunday, calling him the brother he never had as players continued to grieve over his death.
Hughes, who would have celebrated his 26th birthday on Sunday, died Thursday two days after he was knocked unconscious by a bouncer while batting in a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Australia's first Test against India, which was due to start on Thursday in Brisbane, has been postponed with no new date yet scheduled.
Clarke said he "struggled to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life's true characters and gentlemen".
"His cricketing achievements -- of which there were many -- really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited," Clarke wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.
"Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind-hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child-like verve for life... I really could go on and on."
In 2 hours and 6 min it will be my Brothers 26th BDay. Please get yourself a drink and raise your glass!— Michael Clarke (@MClarke23) November 29, 2014
Clarke wrote of how he was instantly drawn to Hughes when the talented cricketer, then 17, moved to Sydney from his hometown of Macksville to play for his club Western Suburbs.
"I don't think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate," Clarke wrote.
"I don't have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him."
Australian captain Michael Clarke also posted a series of pictures on Instagram of moments that they had shared together, both on and off the field.
The photos ranged from Hughes donning the wicketkeeper's gloves, to Clarke and Hughes attending parties and Trivia nights together. FULL ALBUM HERE
A photo posted by Michael Clarke (@michaelclarkeofficial) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 1:39pm PST
Cricket Australia has said rescheduling of any Tests in the four-match series would be done in full consultation with the players, the Indian Board, the International Cricket Council and broadcasters.
Local media said the start of the Brisbane Test could be delayed by one or two days to give players some room to grieve after Hughes' funeral on Wednesday at Macksville in northern New South Wales.
Alternatively, the second Test in Adelaide, Hughes' adopted home, could be recast as the opening match of the series, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.

Nigeria vows to hunt those behind mosque attacksNigeria vows to hunt those behind mosque attacks
AFP
Kano, Nigeria, November 30, 2014
First Published: 08:57 IST(30/11/2014)
print
Goodluck Jonathan, the Nigerian President, vowed to hunt down the people behind the "heinous" attacks that killed at least 120 at the mosque of an Islamic leader who issued a call to arms against Boko Haram .
At least 270 others were also wounded when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire during weekly prayers on Friday at the Grand Mosque in Kano, the biggest city in the mainly Muslim north of the country, according to a toll given to AFP late Friday by a senior rescue official.
Jonathan  "directed the security agencies to launch a full-scale investigation and to leave no stone unturned until all agents of terror... are tracked down and brought to justice," said a statement from his office on Saturday.
A crowd gathers at the scene of multiple bombings at Kano central mosque on Friday. Gunmen set off three bombs and opened fire on worshippers. (Reuters)
The mosque is attached to the palace of Kano's emir, Muhammad Sanusi II, Nigeria's second most senior Muslim cleric, who last week made a call at the same mosque urging civilians to take up arms against Islamist extremists Boko Haram. Sanusi on Saturday returned from abroad to inspect the mosque.
"From all indications, they (the attackers) have been planning this for at least two months," Sanusi told reporters at the airport without elaborating.
"I have directed that the mosque be washed and cleaned and prayers should continue here," the emir said. "We will never be intimidated into abandoning our religion, which is the intention of the attackers." The attack , though, was widely seen inside Nigeria as revenge for the emir's call against Boko Haram.
"It was death and blood all over. People lay dead and others shrieked in horror and pain," one survivor, Muhammad Inuwa Balarabe, told AFP from his hospital bed on Saturday.
"I was inside the premises of the mosque. As soon as the prayer started, a bomb went off. They just started shooting people," said the 32-year-old tailor, who received serious burns to his thighs. Jonathan urged Nigerians "not to despair in this moment of great trial in our nation's history but to remain united to confront the common enemy".
People gather around the remains of a suicide bomber at Kano central mosque on Friday. (Reuters)
Intensifying attacks
"One wonders what kind of religion these people practise," said survivor Maikudi Musa, who lost a sibling in the blast and saw another badly hurt. "You can't justify attacking and killing defenceless people at will in the name of religion."
Just hours before the Kano massacre, a suspected remote-controlled roadside bomb near another mosque nearly 600 kilometres (380 miles) away in Maiduguri, was defused.
Maiduguri, where Boko Haram was founded in 2002, was already tense after two female suicide bombers wreaked havoc at a crowded market on Tuesday, killing more than 45 shoppers and traders. More than 13,000 people are thought to have died in total since the insurgency broke out in 2009.
'Out of control Boko Haram'
After the latest attacks, the special representative of the UN Secretary-General for west Africa, Mohamed Ibn Chambas, called on Nigerian authorities "to increase their response against terrorist threats in northeastern Nigeria", and for additional measures to protect civilians.
UN chief Ban Ki-moon condemned the bloodshed at the mosque, saying in a statement that "there can be no justification for attacks on civilians".
French President Francois Hollande called for a united front against Boko Haram "barbarism". "We must unite against barbarism, against the risks posed by fundamentalism, notably in the Sahel, in Africa," he said while on an official visit to Senegal.
A Nigerian security expert, Ona Ekhomu, told a TV debate that the latest attacks showed that "we are at war in Nigeria". In the same programme, national police spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu said: "We try to prevent crimes from happening... but criminals sometimes beat the security."
With northern Nigeria gripped by fear, neighbouring Cameroon, Niger and Chad are also concerned that the violence could spread across their borders.
The remains of a victim of the Kano central mosque bombing is wheeled into the Murtala Mohammed specialist Hospital on Friday. (Reuters)

PM s address at the All India Conference of Directors General/Inspectors General of Police.Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CIL seek PM s intervention for performance related payThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Some non-promoters body corporates increased their stakes almost doubl...Platinum Member
142 Followers
Some Non-Promoters Body Corporates increased their stakes almost double in last one year.I mean stake of Body Corporates are increasing from Retails.No Change in Promoters Stake.Public Holdings are likely to reduce further.
1.31 PM Nov 30th  | Track

With easing of curbs on imports of gold/jewellery and scrapping 20-:80...Platinum Member
258 Followers
With easing of curbs on IMPORTS of Gold/Jewellery and scrapping 20-:80 scheme to re-export, RENAISSANCE JEWELS will zoom past 100  with its excellent results in its September quarter showing an EPS of Rs.20  but now available cheaply around 65 and a Best buy and bargain hunting in this booming market
1.30 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Stoxpulse research house recommends to buy the call of nifty strike pr...278 Followers
Reposted about 14 days 10 hrs 30 min 22 sec ago by New Boarder
stoxpulse research house recommends to buy the call of NIfty strike price 8600 and sell two calls of strike price of 8800 of December.
1.30 PM Nov 30th

Income Tax DepartmentTDS - Too Tedious to decipher?
Dec 16, 2014 at 17:14 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Very often no tax deducted at source (TDS) is taken to mean no-tax liability, which is a big mistake. Individuals have to include interest paid to them without deducting tax at source to their taxable income. On the total income so arrived, they are supposed to pay income tax depending on their income tax slab.
To improve gross NPA to 1.5% by FY15-e: Repco Home Finance
Dec 16, 2014 at 14:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
R Varadarajan, MD, Repco Home Finance sees 25-30 percent growth in disbursements for balance of FY15 as well as NIM to remain stable at 4.5 percent.
Noidas Millionaire Bureaucrat!
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:37 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Prime Property brings you a shocking story of a former Chief Engineer with the Noida Authority -- the Income Tax department recovered diamonds worth Rs 100 crore, two kilograms of gold and Rs 10 crore in cash from his residence.
Are you required to file IT return for deceased spouse?
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:23 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
In case of a deceased person, the legal heir of the deceased person has to file income tax return for the financial year
Blackmoney case: CBDT to assess 427 names submitted by HSBC
Dec 15, 2014 at 13:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The SIT team, lead by MB Shah, submitted a report to the apex court stating that of the 628 names, 201 are non residential Indians (NRIs) that are non-traceable leaving 427 to be assessed as actionable cases by the tax regulator.
Rs 4479 cr in Indians' HSBC-list a/cs: SIT on black money
Dec 13, 2014 at 12:30 | Source: IBNLive.com
The tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
Rs 8,900cr in taxes pending against LIC, SBI, BSNL: Panel
Dec 12, 2014 at 01:54 | Source: PTI
The Public Accounts Committee said taxes over Rs 4.08 lakh crore were uncollected in FY 2012 and in FY 2013 the amount was Rs 4.86 lakh crore.
Vodafone Vs I-T dept: ITAT rules in favour of tax dept
Dec 10, 2014 at 16:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
This transfer pricing dispute arose from transactions involving Vodafone in 2007-08. The I-T department had red flagged the sale of call centre business to Hutchison Whampoa Properties India and the assignment of Call Options.
Vodafone transfer pricing case: Final order likely tomorrow
Dec 09, 2014 at 20:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Bombay High Court had in February directed the tribunal to hear both parties expeditiously and pass a ruling at the earliest.
Dec 09, 2014 at 20:13 | Source: PTI
The Revenue Department has imposed service tax on all radio taxi service providers from October 1.
Noidas Millionaire Bureaucrat!
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:37 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Prime Property brings you a shocking story of a former Chief Engineer with the Noida Authority -- the Income Tax department recovered diamonds worth Rs 100 crore, two kilograms of gold and Rs 10 crore in cash from his residence.
Rs 4479 cr in Indians' HSBC-list a/cs: SIT on black money
Dec 13, 2014 at 12:30 | Source: IBNLive.com
The tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
To improve gross NPA to 1.5% by FY15-e: Repco Home Finance
Dec 16, 2014 at 14:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
R Varadarajan, MD, Repco Home Finance sees 25-30 percent growth in disbursements for balance of FY15 as well as NIM to remain stable at 4.5 percent.
TDS - Too Tedious to decipher?
Dec 16, 2014 at 17:14 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Very often no tax deducted at source (TDS) is taken to mean no-tax liability, which is a big mistake. Individuals have to include interest paid to them without deducting tax at source to their taxable income. On the total income so arrived, they are supposed to pay income tax depending on their income tax slab.
Are you required to file IT return for deceased spouse?
Dec 16, 2014 at 13:23 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
In case of a deceased person, the legal heir of the deceased person has to file income tax return for the financial year
Blackmoney case: CBDT to assess 427 names submitted by HSBC
Dec 15, 2014 at 13:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The SIT team, lead by MB Shah, submitted a report to the apex court stating that of the 628 names, 201 are non residential Indians (NRIs) that are non-traceable leaving 427 to be assessed as actionable cases by the tax regulator.
Rs 8,900cr in taxes pending against LIC, SBI, BSNL: Panel
Dec 12, 2014 at 01:54 | Source: PTI
The Public Accounts Committee said taxes over Rs 4.08 lakh crore were uncollected in FY 2012 and in FY 2013 the amount was Rs 4.86 lakh crore.
Vodafone Vs I-T dept: ITAT rules in favour of tax dept
Dec 10, 2014 at 16:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
This transfer pricing dispute arose from transactions involving Vodafone in 2007-08. The I-T department had red flagged the sale of call centre business to Hutchison Whampoa Properties India and the assignment of Call Options.
Vodafone transfer pricing case: Final order likely tomorrow
Dec 09, 2014 at 20:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The Bombay High Court had in February directed the tribunal to hear both parties expeditiously and pass a ruling at the earliest.
Dec 09, 2014 at 20:13 | Source: PTI
The Revenue Department has imposed service tax on all radio taxi service providers from October 1.
Videos »

EU lawmakers urge regulators to break up GoogleEU lawmakers urge regulators to break up Google
Reuters
Coffee mugs with the Google logo on them.
BRUSSELS, Nov 28:  
European Union lawmakers overwhelmingly backed a motion on Thursday urging anti-trust regulators to break up Google, the latest setback for the world's most popular Internet search engine.
Google has been in the EU's regulatory sights since 2010, and is also grappling with privacy issues, requests to scrub search results to comply with a court ruling, copyright concerns and tax controversies.
The non-binding resolution in the European Parliament is the strongest public signal yet of Europe's concern with the growing power of US tech giants. It was passed with 384 votes for and 174 against.
German conservative lawmaker and co-sponsor of the bill Andreas Schwab said it was a political signal to the European Commission, which is tasked with ensuring a level playing field for business across the 28-country bloc.
"Monopolies in whatever market have never been useful, neither for consumers nor for the companies," he said.
Schwab said he had nothing against Google and was a regular user. "I use Google every day," he said.
Google declined to comment. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has said she will review the case and talk to complainants before deciding on the next step.
Her predecessor rejected three attempts by the company to settle complaints that it unfairly demoted rival services and staved off a possible fine of up to $5 billion.
Adding to the pressure on Google, France and Germany called on Thursday for a review of the EU's competition rules to ensure global Internet companies could successfully be targeted.
They wrote to the Commission asking it to launch a public consultation "to discuss the framework that should be applied to these economic actors, to see if today's competition rules allow us to target the behaviours of these companies," said Axelle Lemaire, French state secretary for digital affairs.
Lemaire said the two governments wanted to make sure the tax optimisation strategies used by companies to lower their corporate tax rates "are no longer possible".
The Commission is investigating a number of tax deals between companies such as Apple and Amazon and some member states on the grounds they may constitute illegal state aid.
FOUR-YEAR INVESTIGATION
The resolution did not mention Google or any specific search engine, though Google is by far the dominant provider of such services in Europe with an estimated 90 per cent market share.
The lawmakers called on the Commission to consider proposals to unbundle search engines from other commercial services.
Some politicians criticised the proposal.
"Parliament should not be engaging in anti-Google resolutions, inspired by a heavy lobby of Google competitors or by anti-free market ideology, but ensure fair competition and consumer choice," said lawmaker Sophie in't Veld from the Parliament's ALDE liberal group.
Google is the target of a four-year investigation by the Commission, triggered by complaints from Microsoft, Expedia, European publishers and others.
Lobbying group Computer & Communications Industry Association, whose members include Google, eBay Facebook, Microsoft and Samsung, said unbundling was an "extreme and unworkable" solution that made no sense in rapidly changing online markets.
"While clearly targeting Google, the parliament is in fact suggesting all search companies, or online companies with a search facility, may need to be separated. This is of great concern as we try to create a digital single market," it said.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

WestBridge invests in Aptus HousingUpdated: November 28, 2014 22:53 IST
WestBridge invests in Aptus Housing
Special Correspondent
stock activity
WestBridge Crossover Fund has invested Rs.98 crore in Aptus Value Housing Finance India. Aptus Value is a city-based specialised housing finance player. Its founder and CEO M. Anandan said: “This round of investment will fund the expansion of the Aptus’ network and AUM (asset under management) over the next four years, with a projected portfolio of over Rs.2,000 crore.”

RBI Issues Final Norms for Uniform Payment Collection SystemYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Issues Final Norms for Uniform Payment Collection System
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 29, 2014 00:49 (IST)
No Rollback of Excise Duty Hike on Diesel, Petrol: Finance Ministry
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday came out with the final guidelines for the Bharat Bill Payment System (BBPS), which will help consumers pay multiple bills like electricity, telephone and school fees at a single point of transaction.
"The BBPS is an integrated bill payment system offering inter-operable and accessible bill payment service to customers through a network of agents, enabling multiple payment modes, and providing instant confirmation of payment," the RBI said in a notification on Friday evening.
The RBI-promoted payment retail gateway and the issuer of the Rupay debit cards, the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) has been appointed as the nodal body.
The apex banks has set a Rs 100-crore net worth and domestic registration as qualifying conditions for those seeking to be authorised collection agents.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had first announced the apex bank's intention to set up BBPS in the second quarterly monetary policy review last year, after which a committee was constituted to suggest the way forward. Based on the recommendations, it posted the draft guidelines on the same on August 7.
The move will help track all the payments being made in economy, including cash payments to utilities, schools, and telcos among others.
Stressing on the need to have such a system in place, the RBI pointed to a 2013 estimate, which said over 30,800 million bills amounting to Rs 6,22,300 crore are generated each year in the top 20 cities alone.
The final guidelines came a day after the RBI came out with the final guidelines for licensing of payment and small banks.
To start with, the aggregators, who will be operating under a single brand name across the country, will collect repetitive bills which come in monthly, bi-monthly or quarterly cycles like utility bills, it said, adding the aim is to gradually include payments for school or university fees and municipal taxes.
The National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) has been appointed as the nodal body which will set the standards, and also take care of clearing and settlement as the Bharat Bill Payment Central Unit (BBPCU).
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 23:33 (IST)

Excited about Modis Swachh Bharat: President  JICAAkihiko Tanaka
("Besides, we would also…)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan last August-September has upgraded bilateral partnership to a new level from the trust and cooperation that the sides have developed over the last decade. Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has been at the forefront of this endeavour as the executing agency of Japanese ODA (Overseas Development Agency) supporting projects like Delhi Metro and DMIC. ET met JICA president Akihiko Tanaka during his visit to Delhi this week. Tanaka said JICA is excited with Modi's Swaach Bharat campaign and would like to support the project. Edited excerpts:
Prime Minister Modi has a special admiration for Japan and he is seeking Japan's assistance to boost the Indian economy. What new areas do you think that JICA finds interesting to support?
Tanaka: We are very excited with Modi's Swaach Bharat campaign that includes sanitation facilities for all and prevention of open defecation. We, in Japan, give particular emphasis on cleanliness and it requires lot of efforts to make any country clean. JICA would be keen to associate with this campaign and support it. Besides, we would also be interested to clean River Ganges that the Modi government has initiated. Further, JICA has supported in improving investment climate in various countries. In India's neighbourhood we helped Thailand in setting up industrial parks on its eastern seaboard which have become hub from trans-national exports by MNCs. India has the possibility of developing such clusters to become hub in areas along the coast.
What has been follow up of Modi's Japan visit regarding investments from Japan and interests of Japanese investors in India? What are JICA's new initiatives in India?
Tanaka: One of the key announcements at the visit which is setting up an Indian PMO-led mechanism for Japanese investments here has been implemented. Besides, top Japanese investors including Softbank have announced major plans. JICA will be doing a feasibility study for Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train route. We believe that bullet trains for not-solong distances are more successful as they are competitive compared to airfares and travelling by highways. Last year JICA provided ODA loan for Tamil Nadu Investment Promotion Program of the amount of 13 billion Yen to accelerate investment.
Do you sense that investment climate in India is changing under the Modi government or does it so far remain only verbal assurance?
Tanaka: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a very dynamic approach and this gives impetus to Japan to accelerate cooperation with the Indian government. We believe we are in a very positive environment and Modi's leadership has been very positive to improve investment climate in India. Now the government of India needs to address certain issues - change the system of taxation, improve the process of authorisation and initiate further deregulation for better investment climate.
Can you give snapshot of JICA's current projects in India?
Tanaka: JICA has a long history of good relations with India, dating back to 1958. Today, India is JICA's largest partner. We are providing assistance to realise Japan-India cooperation such as the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and the Chennai-Bengaluru Industrial Corridor (CBIC) in South India, besides Chennai metro and energy projects as well as assistance to strengthen Japan-India academic-industry networks, and human resources development for industries such as manufacturing and training programmes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See a new bias for action from Modi government: John Rice  GEGE
(In India recently, Rice…)
Four years ago, John Rice left the GE headquarters at Fairfax and moved to Hong Kong to head the $146-billion behemoth's global growth and operations. For GE, it was a huge symbolic gesture moving its vice chairman and president & CEO of GE Global Growth and Operations into an emerging market, signalling an intent to be a more global, more open company. Since then, Rice has led the conglomerate's charge into markets like China, India and other emerging economies apart from working closely with chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt in creating a new future-ready behemoth. In India recently, Rice is again excited about the India story after watching Modi government in action. In an interview with ET, Rice talks about GE's India play. Edited excerpts:
Now that the Modi Government has brought some buzz back, does GE think it will be good for its business?
Well, we are optimistic. PM Narendra Modi is certainly a decisive person and he wants a government that takes action and moves forward and if this is the perspective, that is very encouraging. Obviously, the proof is in the actual steps that are taken, that's all we want to see. But in the early days the new government seems to be doing a lot things right.
A lot of new announcements are in infrastructure, healthcare sector etc. These are sectors that GE businesses can benefit from directly, so are you increasing investments in India?
We are fully equipped to provide a lot of infra requirements like what India needs, basic forms of healthcare, all kinds of power generation. So I don't think that we need to make a lot of new moves to participate in the developments. We'll be scaling up the existing infrastructure that GE already has in India. We will make sure that we have the right resources in the right places and make sure that people have the right competencies. There are a lot of things at the margin that we have to do but in terms of businesses, we have a good hand to play and support the priorities that the Indian government will have for building infrastructure.
As a global investor, do you see a change in the way the Indian bureaucracy is functioning or it's same old, same old?
In many cases I see a new bias for action. In some cases it's not perfectly clear that the bias exists but you can expect some of this to take time. I mean, the PM is not going to be able to change apparatus of bureaucracy overnight. I'm quite confident it will change. I see examples of that change taking place but not everywhere and everyone but enough to give me optimism.
You work out of Hong Kong but travel across the globe frequently. Do you get a sense of the changing mood about India in the global financial capitals?
Totally. I think the world needs good leadership in important countries and India is an important country and PM Narendra Modi is a good leader. So there's a lot of receptivity to that.
Now will you up Banmali's Agarwala's (GE India CEO) and India team's targets?
His targets are always going up. I think we play beneath our weight in India, in terms of the size of our business and Banmali and the team know it. We think we should do more here, we are prepared to invest to accomplish that. We do have big aspirations for our potential here. I think there are two things that causes me to be optimistic about India business. We have a first-class team in India and this government appears to be open for business and so the combination of those two things cause me to want to increase my target and to believe that we can be bigger and more successful here.
GE had earlier a target to reach $8 billion by 2010. Do you have a new target?
I am more interested in ensuring that we have our rightful position in this market and achieving that will deliver a certain revenue by a certain point in time. But if we don't have our rightful position in market, then we shouldn't be satisfied with the number no matter what it is. I am less concerned about the absolute target, more concerned about us achieving the market's success here that we are to achieve.
How long will it take for GE India to reach China's scale?
For GE, that will take a while.
You moved from the headquarters in Fairfield to Hong Kong. Is it part of the reallocation of resources, is it part of the acceptance of the new economic order?

This is best time for India to become superpower: KPMG CEOBangladesh
(KPMG India's CEO Richard Rekhy said…)
AHMEDABAD: Global consultancy firm KPMG India's CEO Richard Rekhy today said that economic slowdown in many countries have provided a great opportunity for India to be at centre stage of world.
Addressing management students at 'Confluence-2014', held at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) here, Rekhy also listed several challenges which India needs to overcome to become the superpower.
"Chinese economy is slowing down, while US economy is fluctuating. This is the best opportunity for India to get the centre stage. The new government (Centre) came into power at the time when we are having USD 300 billion in foreign reserves. There can't be a better time than this," he said.
Rekhy also pointed out several challenges, which he called as 'global mega-trends' that India needs to face in the coming years.
"By 2030, 60 per cent of world's population will be middle class. Thus we need to build new cities and create infrastructure for this population. We also need a plan to address issues like education, health-care and water crisis," he emphasised.
He said that rising dependence of automation in manufacturing sector will affect new job creation .
"Indian economy cannot grow without manufacturing base. Though we are now focusing on 'Make In India' mission, we should understand that jobs will not be created by manufacturing sector but by service sector," he added.
Instead of becoming economic superpower , he stressed on how India can rise as 'Responsible Superpower' by helping other nations.
He cited an example that how due to climate change, most of the coastline of Bangladesh will be submerged in next 20 years and that instead of stopping them (from migrating to India), India should act like a responsible superpower.
"Recently, India ranked 142nd in 'Ease of Doing Business' criteria in the world. India needs to bring changes in regulatory framework. Government also needs to cut Income Tax rates . Instead of earning revenues from taxes, government should generate revenue by providing services to people" said Reggy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Our technology more effective for last-mile connectivityBhaskar Pramanik
("...there are many choices…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik has taken a pot shot at rivals Google and Facebook over their proposals to tackle the country's last-mile broadband connectivity problem, and said the technology that the software giant is offering is potentially more effective to take high-speed Internet to remote villages.
India has become the latest battleground for the three US majors, as they aim for the telecom department's contract to provide last-mile connectivity as part of the over Rs 20,000 crore national broadband project. Google is experimenting with a network of helium balloons to relay signals to places that are hard to reach for traditional networks, while Facebook is considering using drones. Microsoft's technology, called TV White-Space, uses unused spectrum in frequencies used by TV channels to carry data.
"I can't imagine a drone hovering over the Earth for long periods of time and a balloon not drifting away, while here you can use solar power, an antenna that is used for simple TV broadcast and a device or router which is powered by solar which can provide the connectivity," Pramanik told ET.
The local unit of the Redmond, Washington-based company has sought a licence from the telecom department to deploy a working example of the technology in Bangalore as proof of concept.
Facebook declined to comment, while Google did not reply to an email seeking comment.
Google's Project Loon aims to provide "inexpensive" Internet access across India through a network of helium-filled solar-powered balloons placed in the stratosphere at an altitude of about 32 km. Pilot projects are underway in New Zealand, California and Brazil.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has previously played down the effectiveness of Google's balloons, saying they have a shorter life than drones and can't survive the rigour of weather patterns. "This means drones have more endurance than balloons, while also being able to have their location precisely controlled," he had said in a white paper on drones earlier this year.
Facebook's Connectivity Lab is developing massive, yet light, solarpowered drones which will be able to fly for years at a time and serve as large connectivity hubs, the division's engineering director Yael Maguire had said. The first of these drones may well be deployed in India, ET reported earlier this month.
"So there are many choices we have as a nation - we can use 2G, 3G or 4G, we can talk about balloons or drones. But my belief is that this is one other technology which can be used," Pramanik said.
Microsoft is not talking about running a network, but more about creating a technology meant for emerging markets, he said. "We'd like government, nations and telecom companies to use it."
The radio interface developed by Microsoft functions like Wi-Fi router on a bigger scale. It provides wireless connectivity across a 10 km radius with speeds of up to 16 Mbps, a much larger area and speeds than the typical routers set up for commercial use today.
Using White-Fi and dynamic spectrum, there is possibility of extending the network coverage by 10 kms from each of the 250,000 touch points and then connect another router and extend it by another 10 kms, effectively blanketing the country, Pramanik added.
  Under an ambitious Rs 1.13 lakh crore 'Digital India' initiative, the government plans to use the national optic fibre network project to deliver e-services in areas such as health, education to every nook and corner of the country. The network, which is positioned to form the backbone of the Digital India programme, will be deployed only at the gram panchayat level. Reaching the end consumer -homes, schools, hospitals and other institutions - may still require wireless technology, especially in hard-toreach areas.
Zuckerberg, who visited India recently, reportedly had expressed Facebook's desire to deploy alternative last-mile connectivity technology through drones and satellite communications. Google and Microsoft have also pitched their technologies.
While tech giants vie for a share of the massive project, experts say a single solution may not be the sole answer to providing last mile connectivity. "It is possible that a combination of multiple technologies will be required to ensure ubiquitous internet access, as one single type of technology may reach only a select area or people," said an industry insider who did not want to be named.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Should access to Internet be a basic human rightShould access to Internet be a basic human right?
ET Bureau Nov 28, 2014, 05.10AM IST
An international survey on Internet Security and Trust conducted among 23,376 internet users in 24 countries, including India, found that 83% of users believed affordable access to the internet was a basic human right. Two thirds (64%) were a worried lot as far as online privacy was concerned. The survey has thrown up a number of interesting insights. Snowden effect, did you say?
Source: CIGI-IPSOS Global Survey on Internet Security and Trust
FEATURED ARTICLES

Deficit at 90%: Analysts See Finance Minister Effecting More Spending CutsBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Mumbai: With government borrowing touching 90 per cent of the budgeted target till October, brokerages have said this may force Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to announce another round of spending cuts.
Blaming the high fiscal deficit to poor revenue receipts due to lower tax collection and lack of divestment proceeds, Nomura India chief economist Sonal Varma described the fiscal position as a "tighter spot" and said the Finance Minister will be forced to announce more spending cuts over and above the 10 per cent he has already announced.
The government on Friday said the fiscal deficit touched 89.6 per cent of its full-year budgeted target. Against this during the same period last fiscal year, it was 84.4 per cent. The budget has pegged a 4.1 per cent deficit target for this fiscal year and Mr Jaitley has many a time reiterated that he will not cross the red line of the fiscal discipline front.
"The finance ministry has implemented a mandatory 10 per cent cut in discretionary spending and it will also save on lower fuel subsidies in H2 due to the fall in oil prices. However, today's data indicate, in our view, that the above measures may not fully offset the shortfall in tax revenues and lack of disinvestment. Therefore, additional spending cuts may be necessary to meet the fiscal deficit target," Mr Varma said in a note.
In a separate note, Citigroup India chief economist Rohini Malkani said trends in government finances remain weak and the present deficit is way above the five year average of 74 per cent in April-October period.
While the government has announced a 10 per cent cut in non-Plan expenditure, which is 0.3 per cent of GDP, we believe that the cuts are likely to be extended in Plan expenditure as well to the tune of 0.5 per cent of GDP for government to meet its fiscal targets," Ms Malkani said.
While in the near term, the government will aim to meet FY15 target of 4.1 per cent through austerity measures and planned expenditure cuts, fiscal consolidation over longer-term could only be achieved with structural fiscal reforms. All eyes are now on the next Budget for clarity/direction on implementation of GST, targeted cash transfers and expenditure rationalisation, she said.
Ms Malkani further said that while the 4.1 per cent target for FY15 appears challenging, recent steps on expenditure compression like diesel de-regulation, the 10 per cent cut in spending and a possible reduction in Plan expenditure could help it come close to its target.
She also noted that revenue rose only 4.8 per cent against the budget target of 18.6 per cent, while gross tax collections remained sluggish at 5.9 per cent in April-October period against budgeted growth of 17.7 per cent.
However, on the positive side, she said the government has kept expenditures in check primarily by limiting Plan expenditure at 0.4 per cent vs BE of 20.9 per cent, and non-Plan expenditure has also been reined in at 6.2 per cent vs BE of 9.4 per cent.
Nomura said the fiscal slippage is largely due to lower receipts, as was the case last month.
Lower receipts are due to the weak tax collection (April-October net tax collection grew at just a paltry 5.9 per cent y-o-y compared to a target of 19.8 per cent) and no progress on the disinvestment process, Mr Varma said.
It can be noted that the government has cut its spending and growth has fallen to 4.3 per cent y-o-y in the April-October period from 6.6 per cent in April-September period.
Though the government was planning big ticket sell-offs in Coal India, ONGC and SAIL after Diwali, nothing has moved so far on this front. Last week the divestment department has postponed the sale process to January.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 16:51 (IST)

Kaaviya Thalaivan: a great premise that doesnt fulfill its potentialtamil theatre
G. Vasanthabalan’s Kaaviya Thalaivan transposes the bare bones of Amadeus into the world of Tamil theatre in the pre-Independence period. In that film, we saw the court composer Salieri as a hard-working musician who did things by the book, and he could never transcend mediocrity – and when he laid eyes on the preternaturally gifted Mozart, to whom composing came as easily as breathing, he couldn't accept the "injustice", as he saw it. He vowed to destroy Mozart. Here, Prithviraj (as Gomathi) plays the Salieri part, which means that this is really his story – and once again, in what seems to have become a recent, generous habit, Siddharth plays the lesser role. His Kaali is the Mozart equivalent. He sees a senior actor (Bhairavan, played by Ponvannan) mugging on stage and remarks, contemptuously, that the performance isn't any good because it’s about projecting the actor rather than the character. (Gomathi, unsurprisingly, is awestruck by the performance. He doesn't know any better.)
In a poignant moment, we see Gomathi pressing his guru’s (Sivadasa Swamigal, played by Nasser) feet after he’s been passed over for a lead role, which goes to Kaali – the latter, of course, isn’t going to be seen doing anything this… servile; he probably doesn’t need to. Gomathi asks his guru – the way Salieri railed at God – why he seems to prefer Kaali, and the guru (like God) remains silent. He doesn’t have any answers. He just walks away. Kaaviya Thalaivan, in a way, is the story of the transformation of a decent man into a monster, simply because fate has dealt him a bad hand, and making things worse is the fact that Kaali’s presence is a constant reminder of what he can never be. (In many of Gomathi’s scenes, he’s facing a mirror, which lends itself to all sorts of readings.) The foundation, thus, is in place for rock-solid melodrama – and this is the kind of film, and the kind of period, where melodrama actually fits in. With films set in the present day, we wince sometimes when things get too loud because we sense a clash in sensibilities. But here, we accept, easily, the huge crescendo of a scene where a heartbroken Kaali curses his teacher.
Genre: Period drama Director: G. Vasanthabalan Cast: Siddharth, Prithviraj, Vedhika Storyline: A mediocre theatre actor resents the natural gifts of his peer
ne:
But Kaaviya Thalaivan doesn’t come close to fulfilling its potential. For one, the period setting isn’t terribly convincing, despite a lot of nifty little touches. The opening credits appear, as in the old movies, against a proscenium arch – we see the curtains parted to a side. A. R. Rahman is credited not for the “isai” but for the “sangeetha iyakkam,” and the Tamil alphabet is used the way it was used then. (Later, we see this again in the way “Varanasi” is spelt.) But these flourishes, perhaps understandably, remain on the surface. You probably cannot be too truthful to the era when you are making a movie for an impatient modern-day audience. A key scene has Kaali demonstrating his involvement with his work by correctly interpreting the meaning of a verse by Arunagirinathar, but on stage, we don’t hear this kind of Tamil – we hear colloquial-sounding couplets with easy rhymes. It’s the same with the music. The film opens with a dedication to legends like S. G. Kittappa and K. B. Sundarambal, but a soundtrack filled with those kinds of voices would be booed off the screen today. The singers sound lighter, more contemporary, even while rendering bits like Kaayadha Kaanagathe, which was immortalised on screen by T. R. Mahalingam – again, a voice that would most likely make the audience collapse into giggles.
But the flip side to this “modernisation” is that we aren't pulled into this period. We could be watching one of R. S. Manohar’s famous stage productions from the eighties. (Indeed, one of the plays staged is Elangeswaran.) Still, this wouldn’t have been a problem had something else drawn us in: the emotions, or the overarching drama. But the characters keep us at a distance. With the exception of Gomathi, to an extent, we never really get into their heads. Almost always, we are asked to accept what they do because it’s happening before our eyes and not because this is what the characters would have done had they mulled over the “what is my motivation?” question. We don’t get any scenes of Kaali and Gomathi interacting on a personal level, so the latter’s increasing animosity and the former’s relentless niceness come to feel contrived. And instead, we are handed a lot of fillers – like a bland romantic track between Kaali and a zamindar’s daughter.
The questions keep coming. Why isn’t the arc of Vadivu (Vedhika, who’s surprisingly effective) falling for Kaali more convincingly traced out, and how does she reach the point in her worship of him – and it really does seem like worship – that she’s willing to bear his child after he’s insulted her? Why not devote a little more time to the revelation that Bhairavan is a womaniser, so that this development effectively informs the scene where Kaali is practically kicked out of the troupe, owing to his love affair? Why not show a few Britishers on the roads? (Or is this a conscious decision, to tell us how hermetically sealed off this world of theatre was?) Was Kaali always a nationalist? And even if that is the case, why not go into more detail about Kaali’s decision, while in prison, to stage nationalistic dramas instead of the regular mythologicals? (Some prisoners make this suggestion, and… that’s it – a major development is effected through a couple of lines of dialogue.)
Siddharth and Prithviraj have their moments, but they struggle with ill-defined parts, and with events that are predictable in the extreme. Vasanthabalan sets up these prolonged scenes that are intended as nail-biters – who will get the plum role when Bhairavan departs in a huff? Who will be brought in as a substitute for the ailing Gomathi? – but everyone in the audience knows the answer. After a point, we even know how things are going to end (though there is a small twist in store). There is no denying Vasanthabalan’s desire to make “good cinema,” but like his other films, Kaaviya Thalaivan makes us give him an A for effort, even as we rummage down the alphabet when it comes to aspects of the execution.
A version of this review can be read at https://baradwajrangan.wordpress.com

BJP s Amit Shah will finally hold his rally in Kolkata todayNov 30, 2014 at 07:48am IST
BJP's Amit Shah will finally hold his rally in Kolkata today
37
0
Kolkata: Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah will finally hold his rally in Kolkata on Sunday. On Saturday, clashes erupted between BJP and TMC party workers in the Parui area of Birbhum.
Shah's rally, was given a green signal by the city municipal corporation and fire department.
"The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has granted permission to BJP President Amit Shah's rally on Sunday," Mayor in-council Debasish Kumar said.
Shah's rally, was given a green signal by the city municipal corporation (KMC) and fire department.
#amit shah #bjp #amit shah rally #kolkata
"We have received NOCs from both the KMC and fire services for holding the rally," state BJP (office secretary) Alok Guha Roy said.
State party spokesman Ritesh Tiwari hailed it as a "moral victory" of BJP, which has accused the ruling TMC of trying to create hurdles in order to stall the rally.
The rally site was inspected by the two special officers appointed by the Calcutta High Court to ensure compliance of fire and municipal rules.
Director General of fire services Sanjoy Mukherjee and Joint Commissioner (Development) of KMC S Santra, the two special officers appointed by the HC, visited the rally site on Saturday morning.
Fire services' officials, DC (central) DP Singh, BJP leaders Tathagata Roy, Alok Guha Roy and their other party colleagues also visited the rally location.
The high court had appointed the two special officers to ensure compliance of fire services and municipal rules in the public meeting, observing that the
government should not be rigid in the compliance of these rules while granting permission.
(With additional information from PTI)
40

NSE to auction FII limits for Rs 3 161-cr govt debt on MondayNSE to auction FII limits for Rs 3,161-cr govt debt on Monday
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
As foreign investors remain bullish on Indian markets, top bourse NSE will tomorrow auction investment limits for them in Government debt securities worth Rs 3,161 crore.
The aggregate overseas investment in these securities has reached Rs 1,21,271 crore — 97.46 per cent of the total permitted limit of Rs 1,24,432 crore — as on November 28.
According to the guidelines of capital markets regulator SEBI, unutilised debt investment limits for foreign investors need to be auctioned on an exchange platform when the aggregate reaches or breaches 90 per cent of the limit.
The aggregate limit includes that of Foreign Institutional Investors, Foreign Portfolio Investors and Qualified Institutional Investors.
Accordingly, live bidding for auction of the currently unutilised debt investment limits worth Rs 3,161 crore would be conducted on National Stock Exchange’s e-Bid platform on December 1.
The last such auction was conducted on BSE’s EbidXchange platform on November 10, when debt securities worth Rs 1,488 crore were over-subscribed by nearly four times, receiving bids worth Rs 5,664 crore. A total of 83 bids were received, of which 28 were declared successful.
Almost all such auctions have received a robust response in the recent times and have been over-subscribed by multiple times, reflecting a huge demand among foreign investors for Government debt securities in the Indian markets.
According to the current norms, foreign investors are allowed to invest up to $25 billion (Rs 1,24,432 crore) in Government debt securities through the auction route, while the cap currently stands at $5 billion (Rs 29,137 crore) for Government debt bonds through the ‘on tap’ route.
While the limit in the first category has been exhausted by over 97 per cent, the second category has also been used up by nearly 84 per cent.
Foreign investors are allowed to pump in a further $5.5 billion in treasury bills, of which nearly 14 per cent is used as of now.
In corporate debt, the upper cap currently stands at $51 billion and nearly 57 per cent of this limit has been exhausted by the foreign investors.
The overall investment cap for debt securities stands at $81 billion (Rs 3,97,892 crore), which also includes $2 billion for commercial papers and $5 billion for credit enhanced bonds.
Of this overall limit, the total investments and limits acquired by foreign investors currently stands at Rs 2,83,984 crore, which is over 71 per cent of the permitted limit.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Mumbai  Kolkata most vulnerable to climate change : GovtEnvironment Minister Prakash Javadekar
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
India’s populous coastal cities Mumbai and Kolkata are most vulnerable to loss of life and properties due to coastal flooding in the second half of the century, the Government has said quoting a UN report ahead of a key global climate conference in Peruvian capital Lima.
The UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has warned against extreme weather events like occurrence of heatwave, heavy precipitation, droughts, floods, cyclones and wildfire that cause damage to ecosystems and human systems in various regions, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said.
“ ... India is among the top 20 countries and regions most at risk based on analysis of climate risk and coping ability.
Mumbai and Kolkata will have the greatest population and assets exposure to coastal flooding in 2070,” he said.
The minister’s statement assumes significance at a time when representatives of governments are scheduled to meet in Lima from tomorrow for the Climate Change Conference to lay the foundation for an effective, new and universal climate change agreement in Paris in 2015.
Last week, the UN Environment Programme had underscored the need for global emissions to peak within the decade and then to rapidly decline so that the world can reach climate neutrality — also termed zero net emissions — in the second half of the century.
With climate change impacts worsening and affecting the poor and most vulnerable, governments urgently need to scale up adaptation to climate change, according to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
“Never before have the risks of climate change been so obvious and the impacts so visible. Never before have we seen such a desire at all levels of society to take climate action,” said Christiana Figueres, Executive Secretary of the UN Climate Convention.
Figueres said “it is hugely encouraging” that “countries have already been outlining what they intend to contribute” towards the climate action, referring to the recent agreement between China and the US to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Climate expert Chandra Bhushan, however, said the deal signed between China and the US “was not in line with the principals of the UN Convention”. In Lima, India must work harder with developing countries and push for an ambitious global deal which is equitable and saves the world from catastrophic climate impacts, he said.
“India must push for a principle—based emissions reduction target for all countries. This is the only way the world can remain within the planetary limits,” Bhushan said.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Kia Scherr: The peace entrepreneur who lost family in 26/11 terror attacksMeet Kia Scherr, a peace entrepreneur, whose husband & daughter were killed in 26/11 terror attacks
Nov 30, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
(Revenge isn’t a word in…)
By: Jyoti Pande Lavakare
What do you do when you are living a peaceful life as a modern meditation retreat presenter on a farm in rural Virgina with your family, and your husband and daughter go to India on a spiritual mission over Thanksgiving and are shot and killed by terrorists?
First, you try not to go insane with grief and rage. You turn to meditation to keep you strong through the horrific challenges you have to face to piece your life back together. You try and make sense of the tragedy, of the irony of your peace-loving family being shot by terror activists, of your life, or whatever is left of it. You try and understand the why of something that seems so senseless.
And then, if you're Kia Scherr, you turn into a peace entrepreneur. You join hands to co-found a global peace initiative that works to bring tools of peace to education, business and government. You learn about the Global Terrorism Index Institute Peace and you devote your life to promoting non-aggression in every aspect of community from extremist activity down to behaviour in daily interactions.
I met Scherr at a Goan Pub Crawl last week. The event is much more unique than it sounds, not just because it is run by two Brits, Sylvia and Greg Johnson, who have lived on and off in India for almost 18 years, but because it makes almost no money for anyone, is meant mainly for local expats (not for tourists), isn't advertised or marketed and yet refuses to die.
Out on a Mission
Scherr looked pensive. On that day — November 14 — exactly six years ago, Scherr had dropped off her husband Alan and daughter Naomi to the Dulles International airport after a happy breakfast of eggs, toast and a last cup of coffee, which she mentions in a moving haiku on her blog (see Tragedy in Verse).
Alan, an art professor turned-meditation-proponent and Naomi, their only daughter, homeschooled on a modern meditation sanctuary on the Blue Ridge mountains and readying to go away to a boarding school in New York, were excited about visiting India.
"I dropped them at Dulles. We hung out there together for awhile, reluctant to say goodbye too quickly. Our last words were 'I love you, see you in two weeks'!" says Scherr. That was the last time she saw them alive.
Scherr's calm when she speaks is almost unreal. She is willing to talk about her sorrow, her experiences in India, her work and her life — as long as it helps her mission of spreading peace.
And she has the ability to stare out of the window of the bus we're travelling in for long periods of utter, reflective quiet, right in the middle of a drunken pub crawl, of which she is a willing participant.
This is so much in alignment with her "Letter to a Terrorist," which was made into a short film with her reading the letter in which she says she feels "with each passing day, more alive than I have ever been".
The film was banned in Pakistan and threats were made to those who wanted to show it, says Scherr. Her story was also included in Nobel Peace Prize winner Desmond Tutu's latest book, The Book of Forgiving, which he wrote with his daughter.
Scherr has developed a foundation programme to increase individual and collective awareness of the benefits of cooperation.
"This establishes an operating system that will shift the way we teach, learn, do business and govern. It creates a new mindset based on respect, resulting in peace and tolerance in everyday life," she says.
She calls this her Pocketbook of Peace. Instead of taking refuge in revengeful feelings, Scherr tried to make sense of the senselessness of what had happened to her.
  "When I was in Washington DC last year, I took a class at the Embassy of Pakistan called Understanding Pakistan. Voice of America interviewed me at the beginning and the end of the three-week session. They said this would air all over Pakistan," she said.
"It was aired again this summer and I was contacted by a Pakistani educator who wanted to include the Pocketbook of Peace material into his program for teachers and students."
According to Scherr, acceptance is key. So although she was in Goa with friends at an event last week that could only be rambunctious and fun, she was also very aware of the approaching anniversary of the day she "lost her life", as she puts it.
"I am determined that my legacy from the loss of my life (which it was, to me) in India, is not to shun India. I have thought long and hard about why terrorism — and other forms of aggression even in every day life — happens. Clearly it is utopian to dream that I can change the world but small beginnings reach big ends," she said. This is from a mother whose daughter chose to come to India because she came across Mahatma Gandhi's saying "be the change you want to see".

Cybercriminals target telcos in India  other...You are here: Home > Collections
Cybercriminals target telecom firms in India, other nations with Regin
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 11.45AM IST
Tags:
GSM
(Regin -- to penetrate…)
NEW DELHI: Cyber criminals are using a new malware -- Regin -- to penetrate and monitor GSM networks in India and other countries including Pakistan, Brazil, Germany and Russia , security researchers have said.
Regin is being used to target telecom operators, governments, financial institutions, research organisations, multinational political bodies and individuals involved in advanced mathematical/cryptographical research, they said.
Security solutions firm Kaspersky Lab said some of the earliest samples of Regin appear to have been created as early as 2003.
"Regin is aimed at gathering confidential data from attacked networks and performing several other types of attacks ... attackers turned compromised organisations in one vast unified victim and were able to send commands and steal the information via a single entry point," Kaspersky said.
This structure allowed the actor to operate silently for years without raising suspicions, it added.
"The ability to penetrate and monitor GSM networks is perhaps the most unusual and interesting aspect of these operations," Kaspersky Lab Director of Global Research and Analysis Team Costin Raiu said.
Although all GSM networks have mechanisms embedded which allow entities such as law enforcement to track suspects, other parties can hijack this ability and abuse it to launch different attacks against mobile users, Raiu added.
Post attack, attackers could have access to information about which calls are processed by a particular cell site, redirect calls to other cells, activate neighbour cells and perform other offensive activities.
According to another security solutions provider Symantec, Regin bears the "hallmarks of a state-sponsored operation" and is believed to have been in use since at least 2008.
"It is built on a framework that is designed to sustain long-term intelligence-gathering operations by remaining under the radar," Symantec said in a whitepaper.
Regin goes to extraordinary lengths to conceal itself and its activities on compromised computers and the sophistication and complexity suggests it could have taken well-resourced teams of developers many months or years to develop and maintain, it added.
Symantec found that almost half of all infections targeted private individuals and small businesses (48 per cent), followed by telecom companies (28 per cent), hospitality (nine per cent) and others.
In terms of geography, Russian Federation accounted for 28 per cent of the infections, Saudi Arabia (24 per cent), Mexico and Ireland (9 per cent each), India, Afghanistan and Pakistan (5 per cent each).
FEATURED ARTICLES

No scheduled flights for 8 airports lead to loss worth Rs 82 crore in 3 yearsNov 30, 2014 at 11:55am IST
No scheduled flights for 8 airports lead to loss worth Rs 82 crore in 3 years
20
0
New Delhi: Eight non-metro airports modernised using public money have no scheduled flights operating there, leading them to incur a total loss of about Rs 82 crore in the last three years.
As government pushes for air connectivity in remote areas, official figures show that these eight airports have jointly incurred a total loss of over Rs 25 crore in 2011-12, over 27 crore in 2012-13 and almost Rs 30 crore in 2013-14, official sources said.
Reacting sharply to the "precarious" situation prevailing at these airports, aviation industry experts said only market conditions and operational viability and "not political compulsions" should determine developing airports or creating new ones.
Cost of day-to-day operations include those for maintenance of all technical equipment, the terminal, payment for staff, location of fire and security services.
#airports #flights #loss #airport authority of india
The airports, which were modernised and upgraded by state-run Airports Authority of India (AAI) but have no scheduled flights, are at Akola (Maharashtra), Bikaner and Jaisalmer (Rajasthan), Coochbehar (West Bengal), Cuddapah (Andhra Pradesh), Pathankot and Ludhiana (Punjab) and Puducherry.
Details regarding the cost of modernising these airports were not immediately available. Similarly, the figures on losses of Bhatinda and Jalgaon airports, also modernised by AAI with no scheduled flights operating from there, were also not available.
Asked why airlines were not flying to these places, official sources said it was up to the airline operators to provide air services to such places "depending on the traffic demand and commercial viability", apart from the route dispersal guidelines.
However, industry experts disagreed saying airlines should be consulted first before investments are made for developing airports.
"It is a precarious situation. Airports should not be developed merely because of political compulsions, but only on the basis of operational feasibility and market conditions.
"Airports do not just mean plush terminal buildings like shopping malls. The apron and the runway are crucial for flight operations," said Debashis Saha, senior executive of professional aviation body Aeronautical Society of India.
Therefore, detailed feasibility studies for short, medium and long term flight operations should be carried out, both for passenger and cargo operations, "before any decision is taken to upgrade an airport or create a new one," he said.
Giving examples of other countries, he said airport operators like Changi in Singapore "attract airlines by offering special schemes including no or low charges and marketing budget".
"Government should make available some funds to attract airlines to Tier-II and III cities at least for three years so as to enable airlines to achieve market capitalisation and help air traffic in these sectors grow," Saha said.
Airlines should be consulted and asked to study the market potential of an airport in a remote or a non-metro city so that they can sustain day-to-day operations, Saha said, adding the airlines should also be asked to commit to launch operations if found viable.
Cost of day-to-day operations include those for maintenance of all technical equipment, the terminal, payment for staff, location of fire and security services.
Saha said the costs incurred in these areas have led to the eight airports to run into losses without having even a single scheduled flight.
Though AAI was providing incentives like no landing or parking charges and priority of slots to flights between Tier -II and Tier-III cities, he said unless the airlines were consulted beforehand, these incentives would not work and "the AAI would continue to incur heavy losses".
3

India s economic growth to be 5.6% in FY15: ReportThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Indian diaspora becoming increasingly vulnerable to jihadis: IBchiefWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:26 pm
The Indian diaspora has become increasingly vulnerable to rising global Islamic terrorism, and it is time to mount a massive effort to reject propaganda so that Indian youth are also not lured into it, Intelligence Bureau director Syed Asif Ibrahim said in Guwahati on Sunday.
“With large number of youth from over 80 countries getting attracted by ISIS, the Indian diaspora is becoming increasingly vulnerable. It is true that some Indian youth have been also lured in, but there number is very low – onlya handful – in comparison to other countries. But despite that the threat is likely to increase,” Ibrahim said.
The IB chief also expressed concern over the possible impact of a glamourised image of the ISIS on a section of Indian youth and called for evolving new strategies to counter this. “This and al-Qaeda activities have the potential of creating a jihadi mindset among a section of youth in India. This has to be countered,” he said.
The IB chief also said that India should seek cooperation in intelligence sharing with neighbouring countries like Nepal, Myanmar, Saudi Arabi and Malaysia to countre the growing menace of Islamic terror. He was speaking at the second day’s session of the 49th All India Conference of DGPs and IGPs in Guwahati on Sunday which was also attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, home minister Rajnath Singh and chief ministers of seven Northeastern states.
“Prominent members of social organizations, clerics and seminaries have already condemned jihadi activities in India as un-Islamic. We now need to formulate a collective response involving community leaders to reject all kinds of jihadi propaganda,” Ibrahim said.
Referring to terror groups using neighbouring countries’ soil to target india, the Intelligence Bureau chief said that while Pakistan-sponsored terror is well-known, detection of a Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) module in West Bengal has led to unearthing of jihadi operatives targeting India.
“Several modules of Indian Mujahideen and SIMI have been also identified and neutralized, while joint operation by central paramilitary forces and Punjab Police have led to arrest of prominent leaders of some Khalistani groups too,” he added.

8 airports have no scheduled flights  loss in 3 yrs Rs 82 crTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Eight non-metro airports modernised using public money have no scheduled flights operating there, leading them to incur a total loss of about Rs 82 crore in the last three years.
As government pushes for air connectivity in remote areas, official figures show that these eight airports have jointly incurred a total loss of over Rs 25 crore in 2011-12, over 27 crore in 2012-13 and almost Rs 30 crore in 2013-14, official sources said.
Reacting sharply to the “precarious” situation prevailing at these airports, aviation industry experts said only market conditions and operational viability and “not political compulsions” should determine developing airports or creating new ones.
The airports, which were modernised and upgraded by state-run Airports Authority of India (AAI) but have no scheduled flights, are at Akola (Maharashtra), Bikaner and Jaisalmer (Rajasthan), Coochbehar (West Bengal), Cuddapah (Andhra Pradesh), Pathankot and Ludhiana (Punjab) and Puducherry.
Details regarding the cost of modernising these airports were not immediately available. Similarly, the figures on losses of Bhatinda and Jalgaon airports, also modernised by AAI with no scheduled flights operating from there, were also not available.
Asked why airlines were not flying to these places, official sources said it was up to the airline operators to provide air services to such places “depending on the traffic demand and commercial viability”, apart from the route dispersal guidelines.
However, industry experts disagreed saying airlines should be consulted first before investments are made for developing airports.
“It is a precarious situation. Airports should not be developed merely because of political compulsions, but only on the basis of operational feasibility and market conditions.
“Airports do not just mean plush terminal buildings like shopping malls. The apron and the runway are crucial for flight operations,” said Debashis Saha, senior executive of professional aviation body Aeronautical Society of India.
Therefore, detailed feasibility studies for short, medium and long term flight operations should be carried out, both for passenger and cargo operations, “before any decision is taken to upgrade an airport or create a new one,” he said.
Giving examples of other countries, he said airport operators like Changi in Singapore “attract airlines by offering special schemes including no or low charges and marketing budget”.
“Government should make available some funds to attract airlines to Tier-II and III cities at least for three years so as to enable airlines to achieve market capitalisation and help air traffic in these sectors grow,” Saha said.
Airlines should be consulted and asked to study the market potential of an airport in a remote or a non-metro city so that they can sustain day-to-day operations, Saha said, adding the airlines should also be asked to commit to launch operations if found viable.
Cost of day-to-day operations include those for maintenance of all technical equipment, the terminal, payment for staff, location of fire and security services.
Saha said the costs incurred in these areas have led to the eight airports to run into losses without having even a single scheduled flight.
Though AAI was providing incentives like no landing or parking charges and priority of slots to flights between Tier -II and Tier-III cities, he said unless the airlines were consulted beforehand, these incentives would not work and “the AAI would continue to incur heavy losses”.
TAGS: Airports
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

3200 ha of coffee plantation affected by stem borer pest in KarnatakaUpdated: November 30, 2014 13:13 IST
3200 ha of coffee plantation affected by stem borer pest in Karnataka
Nagesh Prabhu
Tweet
Coffee plantations spread over 3,200 hectares in Karnataka have been affected by stem borer pest due to long dry spell from November 2013 to May 2014 and resultant high day temperatures.
The incidence of the disease was lower in other major Arabica coffee producing areas of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Non-Traditional Areas.
Several steps have been initiated to address the problem of pest in coffee cultivation. The government has approved a two-year Action Plan (2014-15 and 2015-16) for combating the stem borer in affected areas. Various steps have been taken to eliminate the disease, including support for gap filling, raising coffee seedlings by growers SHGs/ collectives, supply of pheromone traps at subsidised rates, and a Mission Mode approach for enhanced education, training and demonstration on stem borer control measures.
According to Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman in a written reply in Lok Sabha on Friday stem borer pest was amongst the major constraints affecting cultivation of Arabica variety of coffee. The combined effects of higher temperatures, reduction of shade for increasing the yield of pepper grown as intercrop and lack of timely control measures by the growers have led to increase in the incidence of the pest, said a note issued by the Press Information Bureau.
The Indian Council of Agricultural Research has included coffee White Stem Borer (WSB) as one of the components in its mega project namely, ‘Consortium Research Programme on Insect Borers’ for implementation during 12th Five year Plan. The Coffee Board has supported a collaborative research project titled ‘Studies on Female Pheromone plant Kairomone on coffee WSB’ with a view to improve the efficiency of trapping of adult beetles, she said.
Department of Bio-technology has been implementing a project through the Central Coffee Research Institute, University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad, and a private laboratory on bio-technological approaches to identify potential Bt toxins against coffee stem borer, Ms Sitharaman said.

A month before Vibrant Gujarat Summit  hotels in Ahmedabad  Gandhinagar booked to capacityNov 30, 2014 at  12:58pm IST
A month before Vibrant Gujarat Summit, hotels in Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar booked to capacity
8
0
Ahmedabad: With over a month to go for the seventh edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit, hotels in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar are already booked to capacity. With Prime Minister Narendra Modi now gaining stature as a global leader, his brainchild, the Vibrant Gujarat summit, is a housefull affair already.
The Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit will kick off in Gandhinagar on January 11.
Binay Thakur, General Manager of The Pride Hotel in Ahmedabad, said, "We have given rooms to INDEXTB, which is organising the Vibrant summit. The other rooms are also booked for two groups of inbound tourists for 'Pravasi Bharatiya Divas'."
#gujarat #vibrant gujarat global investors summit #narendra modi #ahmedabad
About 5,000 guests, mainly NRIs are expected to be in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar for the 'Pravasi Bharaiya Divas' celebrations from January 7 to 9. Over 10,000 delegates are expected to attend the summit from across India and several countries.
Plast India, one of the biggest exhibitions in the country, will also be held in Gandhinagar and is expected to attract over 70,000 visitors.
Narendra Somani, President of Gujarat Restaurant and Hotel Owners Association, said, "Because of Vibrant Summit and 'Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas' functions, all three to five star hotels are already packed between 80 per cent and 100 per cent. People are coming from all over India and the world and the crowd is too heavy for hotels to handle. It's a jam packed situation."
In addition, the government will set up over 300 luxury tents, having all facilities, in Gandhinagar, to accommodate guests from India and abroad.
117

Modi slips to second spot in TIME s  Person of the Year  pollThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Darren Wilson who shot Michael Brown resignsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Crude Oil Fall Triggers Early Christmas for Equity MarketsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IS  Al-Qaeda serious challenge for India  says DIBThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Could not understand you message!!!Silver Member
96 Followers
If you look at the figures in money control you can see 000000000 more and just 2 as numerals..!!! Operators are rock solid, believe me if this breAks 4 it will touch above 20 rs
1.17 AM Nov 30th

Yes  there is always a "lakshman rekha" in any thing and everything wh...Platinum Member
364 Followers
Of course u have missed lot0 things here... & it is just a matter of lack of information & knowledge...
Though u r partly correct in what u say but u r single dimensional similar to SC... the issue is what u r saying but the other issue is discrimination... dividing humans... L00k killing animals for food for humans r stone age & still in place... though plants too r living things we eat that too... now the information u r perhaps missing or may be biased [ due to your given faith ] is killing animals for religious purpose [ our Constitution gives absolute rights to practice all or any religion ].. now if due short of info or knowledge here also is not an issue [ tho it is ] coz SC is being biased coz central to all these r killing of animals whether for eating or for sacrifice ... & the real main issue is...
WHO r U ?
So u r the decider & whole & sole GOD ? with giving no Choice [ Catholicism ] ...hence u r biased in your feeling or thinking or what ever .. Bingo !!
In reply to : netdo message
10.48 AM Nov 30th

Hfcl has a good future  but also seeing since last few years  its just...Platinum Member
105 Followers
HFCL has a good future, But Also seeing since last few years, its just moving in bull markets, and as markets fall it is movigs towards yearly lows.
I feel one must book profits and buy again if it comes low by 10/15 % and keep this cycle open.
1.59 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Dukhani baba ki jai. he is an expert. if you do exactly opposite of wh...Silver Member
3 Followers
dukhani baba ki jai. he is an expert. if you do exactly opposite of what he says. you can really make good money. chk out what he said on 20th nov.
1.59 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Hohn in record-breaking $530m divorce© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2d0ad3a-7652-11e4-a704-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheap oil brings mixed blessings to AsiaNovember 28, 2014 7:37 am
Cheap oil brings mixed blessings to Asia
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a3a4d14-76ca-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tablet sales up 10 pct to about 940 000 in Q3 2014: IDCIndian rupee closes down by 59 paise at 63.53 against the US dollar
Tablet sales in the country grew by 10 per cent to about 940,000 units in July-September 2014 helped by festive season demand and strong commercial sales, research firm IDC said today.
Tablet sales in India stood at about 860,000 units in the April-June quarter of this year, IDC said in a statement.
“Tablet market in India started on a lower note because of Bureau of India Standards (BIS) compliance requirements, which seemed to have settled with the vendors by now,” the statement said.
The tablet market reported the strongest year-to-date growth in the third quarter of 2014, fuelled by festive buying and strengthening commercial demand, it added.
“The initial phase of impulsive buying seems to have faded, as the consumers are more aware of the use in case of tablets now. Therefore, the current size of the market looks more realistic and stable,” IDC India Market Analyst Tanvi Mann said.
Samsung led the market with 22.2 per cent share, followed by Micromax (10.9 per cent), iBall (10.6 per cent), DataWind (8.2 per cent) and Apple (6.7 per cent).
In terms of operating system, Android had a 90 per cent market share in the third quarter of 2014 and is expected to continue to dominate in the foreseeable future as well.
Windows-based tablets, priced under USD 200 are expected to accelerate the adoption rate, albeit from a low base, IDC said.
“Due to continuous onslaught from the ‘phablets’ (devices with 5.5 inches-6.99 inch screen sizes), small screen tablets are taking a hit and there is more uptake on tablets which are screen sized between 8-9 inch,” IDC India Research Manager, Client Devices Kiran Kumar said.
This has, however, led to an overall improvement of the average selling price for the category, Kumar added.
IDC expects there will be lesser intake of tablets in the October-December 2014 quarter owing to seasonality.
However, for calender year 2015, commercial segment is likely to grow in comparison to a stable consumer market.
Government projects and government-aided education projects should remain key to the growth in the commercial tablets, IDC said.
“We are likely to see increased activity by PC OEMs in the tablets space with a focus on the 7 and 8-inch form factors, Mann said.
TAGS: Tablets
More from industry

Best Time for India to Be Superpower: KPMGBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Ahmedabad: Global consultancy KPMG India's CEO, Richard Rekhy, on Friday said economic slowdown in many countries has provided a great opportunity for India to be at the centre stage of the world.
Addressing management students at the 'Confluence-2014' held at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) here, Mr Rekhy also listed several challenges which the country needs to overcome to become the superpower.
"Chinese economy is slowing down, while US economy is fluctuating. This is the best opportunity for India to get the centre stage. The new government (Centre) came into power at the time when we are having $300 billion in foreign reserves. There can't be a better time than this," he said.
He also pointed out several challenges, which he termed as 'global mega-trends' that India needs to face in the coming years.
"By 2030, 60 per cent of world's population will be middle class. Thus we need to build new cities and create infrastructure for this population. We also need a plan to address issues like education, health-care and water crisis," he emphasised.
He said that rising dependence of automation in manufacturing sector will affect new job creation.
"Indian economy cannot grow without manufacturing base. Though we are now focusing on 'Make In India' mission, we should understand that jobs will not be created by manufacturing sector but by service sector," he added.
Instead of becoming economic superpower, he stressed on how India can rise as a 'responsible superpower' by helping other nations.
"Recently, India ranked 142nd in 'Ease of Doing Business' criteria in the world. India needs to bring changes in regulatory framework. Government also needs to cut Income Tax rates."
"Instead of earning revenues from taxes, government should generate revenue by providing services to people," Mr Rekhy added.
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 21:59 (IST)

The History Cook: Christmas Food & DrinkFT Masterclass
Cheese and wine pairing
Day’s interest in historical cookery started when, aged 13, he ducked into an antiquarian bookshop in Colchester to shelter from the rain. He picked up a battered copy of John Nott’s 1723 The Cooks and Confectioners Dictionary and was hooked: “I loved the language. I thought it was funny – to ‘cook a sucking pig’ or ‘to broil a lump’ [lumpfish].” Soon he was spending all his pocket money on historic cookery books, and in the holidays he tried out the recipes on his parents. Day has been experimenting with historic food ever since – he runs food courses throughout the year and advises museums and archives on their collections and exhibitions. When he talks about the subject, it’s not hard to imagine him as a young boy – his eyes sparkle, he brims with enthusiasm and he can’t wait to show me his strange cookery gadgets: “I’ve spent a lifetime trying to equip a kitchen to cook British food as it really was, and what I’ve found is a revelation: people in the past ate much better than us!”
Mutton seems a strange choice for Christmas but, as Day explains, the roasted poultry we associate with traditional Christmas dinner would only have been one part of a bigger feast: “Medieval people would roast fowl, geese and wild birds throughout the year but especially at Christmas because they were at their fattest. Cygnets were a special Christmas dish because they hatched in June and were plump and tender by December.” As early as the 16th century, farmers were advised to grow turkeys for the Christmas table but it was modern farming that really established it as the definitive Christmas bird. “Geese are hard to farm but turkeys are meat factories,” explains Day. “What we eat now at Christmas is more about economics than taste. We’ve whittled dinner down to three courses of three or four dishes but in the past, a Christmas feast would’ve been two courses of more than 20 dishes each.”
Trained as a botanist, then an art historian, Day’s explorations – testing, experimenting and replicating – are informed by his scientific training and his appreciation of the decorative arts. “Cooking is as much about design as it is about food,” he says. For Day, the recipe is just a starting point: “I realised when I started cooking you couldn’t replicate this food without the equipment, without understanding the tools and techniques that were used.”
©Sophie Gerrard
Day’s home in Shap, Cumbria
Handing me a 17th-century knife, Day demonstrates how to cut even strips of orange peel before reaching for an 18th-century case containing about 20 silver “larding needles” of various lengths. The needles open out at the thickest end into a series of metal claws, so that a slice of fat or peel can be held in place. “Every cook would’ve had a set of these,” Day explains, forcing the needle through the layer of fat around a large leg of Herdwick mutton. A strip of peel is now threaded through the fat, poking out at either side. He hands me the needle. I add another piece of peel, then strain to push in through the mutton. When I finally pierce the fat I manage to pull the peel out with the needle, leaving a large, empty hole. I discover what becomes a consistent theme: Day is skilled while I’m cackhanded.
When the peel is threaded, Day takes the mutton and places it in the middle of the cradle spit. “It looks like edible embroidery,” he says with glee. He turns the clamps at either end of the spit to hold the mutton in place and forces two thick skewers into the meat to secure it. “These skewers were forged out of testosterone, they’re not like those spindly things we use now.”
We’ve whittled dinner right down. In the past a Christmas feast would’ve been two courses or more than 20 dishes
- Ivan Day
Day lugs the spit over to the other end of the room and positions it in front of the open range with its 2ft pile of molten red coal. It’s like looking into the gates of hell – the heat from the fire melts my mascara from 6ft. Above the fire and to the right is a weighted 1780s spit-jack which Day connects to the cradle with a length of chain. Invented in Italy in the 1500s, the spit-jack automated a dangerous, difficult job that had previously fallen to the lowliest members of the kitchen: young boys. Day winds up the spit, the mutton starts to turn and the room is filled with the sound of a 17th-century kitchen – grinding cogs, creaking chains, a crackling fire and sizzling meat.
“This is the lost art of roasting meat, what the English were famous for,” Day says. “It relied on a mixture of experience and intuitive knowledge.” Fuel was the most costly part of household expenditure, so roasting came to be associated with wealth and hospitality. The rich displayed their affluence with vast fireplaces where, for feasts, three or four spits would roast a selection of meats. “This cooking involved great skill in timing and fire keeping. In the medieval period, before clocks were available, cooking time was sometimes measured out by the duration of prayers.”
Underneath the mutton, Day places a copper pan filled with a mixture of mashed potato, raw onion, cloves, black pepper and copious amounts of nutmeg and butter. “This is my very favourite historic recipe,” he says. “It’s a 1773 Scottish recipe for ‘a common potato pudding to be fired below roasted meat’ from Mrs Maciver’s book Cookery, and pastry.” Below the pan is a vast, copper-bottomed basting pan, about 3ft square. The mutton takes an hour and a half to cook and during this time Day, standing at a distance to avoid the fierce heat, regularly bastes the meat using a 2ft long ladle.
©Sophie Gerrard
19th-century pie moulds used to create leaf decorations
Day now turns his attention to a closed range at the other end of the room. In the larger of its two ovens is a Christmas pie that we prepared first thing. This transports us two centuries forward to the Victorian period. “Much of what we think of as an age-old Christmas tradition actually only dates back to the Victorians,” explains Day. “They had a nostalgic attitude towards the medieval period – you can see it in their Gothic-revival churches and castles and art, and you can see it in the ways they mythologised medieval Christmas.”
. . .
It was Queen Victoria who championed the trend for a side-table of cold dishes such as brawn, ham and game pies. The Christmas pie in Day’s oven dates from the 1800s but has its origins in medieval feasting. There are records from the Salters’ Livery Company from the late 14th century describing a Christmas bird pie decorated with head, wings and tail. Recipes in the 18th century, notably by Hannah Glasse, describe a pie filled with a turkey stuffed with a goose stuffed with a fowl stuffed with a pigeon – a historical forerunner to the “turkducken” perhaps. Once cooked, pies were sometimes pierced at the bottom, drained of their gravy, then filled with butter so they could be stored in the weeks ahead of Christmas. “This was an early form of canning,” says Day, “and it also meant pies could be sent as gifts on journeys.”
By the Victorian period the Christmas pie was a centrepiece of the cold table, set out every day of the holiday until it was gone. Some of the recipes are extraordinary, such as Chef Francatelli’s 1846 Christmas recipe, made with truffles, a turkey, a brace of pheasants, four widgeons and a small York ham. It took two days to prepare and six hours to cook. “If we made it today the ingredients would cost in excess of £300.”
The pie in Day’s oven is smaller but impressive nonetheless. It includes a pair each of turkey, pigeon and duck breasts with a forcemeat made from minced turkey, parsley, thyme, ground long pepper, nutmeg, cloves and mace. Day grinds the spices in a 3ft-high pestle and mortar, “a 16th-century food processor”, before adding them to the mince with plenty of salt.
©Sophie Gerrard
Meat prepped, Day rolls out and cuts a thick slab of pastry and then reaches for an oval Victorian pie mould, intricately decorated with fruit, vines and leaves. Lined with tin inside, the copper mould has a removable base and a hinge on the side so that it can open out. Day paints the inside with butter then lines it with pastry, a task that demands courage and care. Once the mould is locked in place, Day starts to press the pastry into its sides. “This is Zen and the Art of Pie Making! You have to feel for the design. It’s easy to miss the fine indents.” Once he’s satisfied, Day fills the pie, starting with forcemeat, following with the seasoned breasts and finishing with another layer of forcemeat. The filling rises above the rim by a good 15cm by the time Day covers it with pastry. “A tribute to Sir Christopher Wren I think!” he chuckles.
This pie already looks impressive but Day is just warming up. He disappears to the other end of the room and returns with two hand-carved 19th-century “pie boards”. Each has a series of leaf patterns, as intricate as lace. Day teaches me how to roll out and press pastry into the patterns to create perfect leaf decorations, and places two layers of the leaves around the pie dome.
We’re still not done: “The most important part is to seal the sides and top together well.” Day has a “crinkumcranks jagger” to hand, a tool which has a wheel-like spur at one end and rivets at the other. “Everyone is born with a set of pastry tools,” Day says, waving his fingers as he sets about using the jagger and his thumb to create a seam resembling a beautiful petticoat ruff. “The British love their pies but they’ve forgotten how to make them. These kitchen skills are lost,” Day says wistfully.
. . .
By now the mutton has been roasting for an hour. The room is filled with a rich, savoury smell but there is none of the smokiness I assumed would characterise a fire-fuelled kitchen. “We do the people of the past a disservice to think of them as primitive,” says Day. He shows me a child’s eating knife from 1570 inlaid with brass, a peasant’s knife from 1400 made from bone and iron with hearts cut out in the handle, and a 17th-century silver sweet-meat fork. “These were carried around by their owners, flaunted and displayed. They were the period’s equivalent of the latest iPhone.” They make our cutlery look very basic indeed.
What I’ve found is a revelation: people in the past ate much better than us
For Day, the assumption that only the wealthy ate well in the past is also overstated. Though the poor sometimes had a basic or depleted diet, they had a rich folk culture of cooking. “Don’t forget, the poor were making food for the rich. There were no cooks from wealthy families. It was the poor who were innovators in the kitchen.”
Day finishes off with two tarts. One is from a recipe he collected from an 80-year-old farmer’s wife “for the very last mince pie that had meat in it”; the other is a 1707 quince lattice pie. Starting with the mince pie, Day takes a bowl of homemade mincemeat (the sweet type we use today) and mixes into it minced lamb and a generous grating of nutmeg. “These were first called ‘mince pies’ in the 16th century but before that they were known as ‘shred pies’. They were made with tongue, offal or veal mixed with suet, dried fruits and sugar,” Day says. “In Cumbria these sweet pies were partially eaten on Christmas morning and then saved until Candlemas morning on February 2.” Day lines a tart tin with pastry, fills it with the mincemeat, covers it with pastry and uses a pastry comb and stamp to decorate the top.
For the lattice pie, Day sets me peeling and chopping seven poached quinces. “We used to make quince recipes routinely in England,” he says. “The fruit are in season from October to December, so they were often a feature of Christmas menus. This tart is the very essence of Christmas.” Once chopped, the flesh is set aside while peelings and cores are placed in a copper pot with water and sugar and put on the hot side of the range to make a “quidany” or quince jelly for the tart.
This is the lost art of roasting meat, what the English were famous for
When the quidany has turned syrupy and deep orange, Day strains it and puts it aside to cool and set. He lines a tart dish with pastry and fills it with the quince pulp and the quidany. This recipe comes from a cookery book called The Whole Duty of a Woman. “In the 18th century it was acceptable for gentlewomen to make confectionery and pastry work – it was considered to be like embroidery,” Day explains. Using a “pastry jagger” with a riveted wheel, he cuts out about 22cm-wide strips long enough to cover the diameter of the tart. He places these on a piece of greaseproof paper and starts to weave them into a lattice grid. To get this structure on to the top of the tart Day places the sheet of paper over the top of the pie and whips it away like a comedy tablecloth pulled from under a dinner setting.
It is getting dark when the two tarts go in the oven. “This is not restaurant food,” says Day. “It’s the original slow food. It takes time to prepare and to cook.” By now the Christmas pie, mutton and potatoes have finished cooking. The pie needs to cool before it can be sliced but the mutton, looking gloriously baronial, and the potato, which now has a dark brown crust, are ready to eat. Just as I am about to launch myself on the mutton, Day decides to whip up a sauce made from thickened lamb stock and anchovies, which he serves on a 17th-century silver plate and decorates with borage from his garden.
. . .
©Sophie Gerrard
A pie made with sweet mincemeat and lamb
Finally, Day takes up his carving knife and cuts me a slice of mutton. The orange peel on the outside has caramelised to a bitter marmalade ooze, the skin is crisp and dark and the flesh faintly pink and mouthwateringly tender. No roast I have ever tasted comes close to this. “We tend to think cooking with fire is primitive but the technology of the oven can’t make food taste better. Compared to a fire, an oven doesn’t really work for roasting. The dry, relentless heat evaporates all the moisture. On a spit the meat gets intense, radiant heat then rests. It gets to the optimum temperature slowly,” Day tells me. I pretend to listen but I’m deep in reverie, thanks to a mouthful of the potato. It tastes like a deeply flavoured, edible cloud.
The room glows warm with firelight and the copper pots, silver platters and cut glasses that fill every surface in the room gleam and sparkle. A slice of quince tart tastes perfumed and sweet, like Turkish delight, and the mince pie is warming and satisfying. But his piece de resistance, the Christmas pie, has not cooled in time for me to taste. Perhaps this gives me an excuse to return.
For all his passion for history, Day is not sentimental about the past. Nor does he retreat from the present. His wife Jill assures me there are tins of baked beans in their other kitchen, the one they use for the everyday. “I don’t want to go back and live in the past,” he says. “It wasn’t a wonderful place. I want to live now and for me, having this historical festive feast that spans the centuries suits me just fine.”
Polly Russell is a curator at the British Library
Quince tart
by Ivan Day
The inclusion of a quince tart in Robert May’s 1660 Christmas Day bill of fare was the reason for choosing this dish. However, the recipe I have selected is from The Whole Duty of a Woman, first published in 1701. It is a fairly ambiguous recipe, indicating that you can make either a raised pie (coffin) or a tart. I opted for the tart in my modern version. A cut cover was a tart or pie lid that was ornamented with intricate knotted designs, the only surviving vestige of this kind of pastry work being the lattice cover.
Quince-Pye: or Tart
Boil your Quinces in Water, sweetened with Sugar, till they be soft, then skin them and take out the Cores; after that boil the Water with a little more Sugar, Cloves, Cinnamon and Lemon peel till it becomes of the thickness of a Syrup; when cold lay your Quinces in Halves or Quarters, scattering Sugar between each Layer; put a pint of the Syrup, or more according to the Biggness of your Pye or Tart, make the Coffin round with close or cut Covers, and bake it pretty well. And thus you may do with Pippins and Pearmains, or with Winter-Fruit, and also with green Codlings.
Here is a modern version
Ingredients

After Ferguson: Missouri burning© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e78a6752-76e0-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

National Guard tripled in FergusonNational Guard tripled in Ferguson
Megan Murphy in Washington and Neil Munshi in Ferguson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b270f0ae-74c4-11e4-a418-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US racial struggles martyrUS racial struggle creates a new martyr
Gary Silverman
Michael Brown the latest victim to divide black and white America
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc5cca78-74c4-11e4-b30b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NGT verdict: Over 29 lakh vehicles set to go off city roadsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
More than 29 lakh vehicles will go off the capital’s roads following a National Green Tribunal order putting a ban on plying of vehicles older than 15 years, the Delhi government has said.
Dismayed at the increasing level of air pollution in Delhi, the NGT had on November 26 barred all vehicles – private cars, bikes, commercial vehicles, buses and trucks – over 15 years old from plying in the capital.
“After the NGT’s order, we studied the number of vehicles which are over 15 years old and found that there are more than 29 lakh such vehicles, including over 8 lakh four-wheelers (including cars) and more than 20 lakh two-wheelers (bikes and scooters), plying across the national capital,” said a senior government official told PTI.
The official said NGT has called a meeting on December 2 and “we will put up the numbers of these vehicles there”. In this meeting, officials will also devise modalities for implementation of the green tribunal’s order.
According to the government, there are several vehicles that are over 15 years old and have been issued five-year fitness extension. “We will also have to decide the fate of such vehicles… In Tuesday’s meeting, this matter will also be discussed,” he added.
The tribunal had on November 28 made it clear that the ban order will also apply to the buses owned and/or under contract with Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Punjab and all other states whose buses are coming to Delhi from the destination of their respective states.
“As per the green court’s order, we will also have to make a strategy to ban the entry of private vehicles, which are more than 15 years old, but are coming from other states, in the national capital,” the official added.
In its order on November 26, a bench, headed by NGT chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar, had directed that wherever such vehicles of this age are noticed, the concerned authorities shall take appropriate steps in accordance with law including seizure of the vehicles.
“It is undisputed and in fact unquestionable that the air pollution of NCT, Delhi, is getting worse with each passing day. It not only projects the very dismayed state of affairs existing with clear indication that worst is likely to follow…,” the bench had said.
TAGS: National Green Tribunal Pollution
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

IS recruiters spotted Kalyan youth online; NIA smells ploy behind his return to IndiaSleuths doubt motive of Kalyan youth recruited by IS
Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 30, 2014
First Published: 01:23 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:18 IST(30/11/2014)
Areeb Majeed, the arrested Mumbai student-turned-Islamic State (IS) fighter, was given $2,000 by the terrorist group to get himself treated after being injured in combat, counter-terror sources involved in his interrogation told HT.
 
“We have reason to suspect what Majeed has told us so far. Not only was he given money by IS fighters, he was allowed to leave territory controlled by them. It is quite possible he may have contacted his father on their instructions. We need to verify and re-verify all his claims. That’s why the NIA was allowed to register a case against him,” said a central counter-terror officer requesting anonymity.
 
The officer added that it was also possible that he may have been given a task in India by IS.
Facebook page that appears to have been set up by Areeb Majeed.
A day after he was flown home from Turkey by NIA and intelligence officials, Majeed, 22, was produced in a Mumbai court on Saturday and remanded in the National Investigation Agency’s custody till December 8. He has been booked under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (conspiring and preparing for terror activities) and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (waging war against an Asiatic power that is in alliance with the Indian government).
“Majeed has told his interrogators the IS does all its recruitment online. Its spotters visit jihadi websites and contact possible candidates through social media. That was how he was spotted,” said another officer.
Majeed travelled with three friends — Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, all from Maharashtra’s Kalyan town — to Iraq in May on the pretext of a pilgrimage and was taken to the IS stronghold of al-Raqqa, the officer said. All four were trained in handling weapons like AK-47 and explosives.
 
“During combat, he was shot in the chest while a second bullet grazed him. When a medical facility where he was being treated was destroyed in an air raid, he crossed over to Turkey with other IS cadre,” the official said.
Majeed then got in touch with his father, saying he wanted to come back. He landed in Mumbai on Friday under NIA escort. Maharashtra Police sources said he was still highly indoctrinated and had told his interrogators that he believed the IS’ actions were justified.
 
Based on his interrogation, the NIA is also looking into a travel firm that facilitated the four men’s trip, agency sources said, adding that the firm — with a presence in many Indian cities — helped with visa arrangements. NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to unearth the entire conspiracy.
 
In court, Majeed, dressed in a dark brown Pathan suit, was asked by the judge why he had not hired a lawyer. “I was in NIA custody and didn’t get the time to hire a lawyer,” he answered.
 
Addressing a conference of police chiefs from across the country in the Assamese capital, Union home minister Rajnath Singh touched on the threat from IS, saying, “Some Indian youths have been attracted to IS. We cannot take it lightly.”
(Inputs from HTC Mumbai)

Top 7 Sensex companies add Rs 47 365 cr in m-cap; SBI  Infosys shineTop 7 Sensex companies add Rs 47,365 cr in m-cap; SBI, Infosys shine
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
The combined market valuation of the top seven Sensex companies surged Rs 47,365 crore last week, with SBI and Infosys emerging as big gainers.
TCS, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC also made gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended Friday (November 28).
ONGC, RIL and ITC were the only companies in the top-10 list that saw their m-cap drop in this period.
The m-cap of SBI soared Rs 12,243.8 crore to Rs 2,39,985.92 crore. Infosys added Rs 12,239.84 crore to Rs 2,50,323.90 crore in its valuation.
HDFC Bank’s market cap surged Rs 6,126.86 crore to Rs 2,31,322.85 crore. The m-cap of TCS climbed Rs 5,249.39 crore to Rs 5,17,711.39 crore.
Similarly, the valuation of Coal India jumped Rs 4,832.02 crore to Rs 2,24,073.03 crore, HDFC (Rs 4,262.91 crore to Rs 1,82,313.49 crore) and ICICI Bank (Rs 2,410.23 crore to Rs 2,03,130.36 crore).
On the other hand, ITC’s market cap tumbled Rs 10,582.48 crore to Rs 2,89,919.92 crore. Investor wealth in ONGC slipped Rs 3,507.75 crore to Rs 3,24,680.85 crore.
RIL lost Rs 2,134.98 crore to Rs 3,20,520.81 crore in its valuation.
In the domestic market cap ranking, TCS continues to top the list, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC.
Meanwhile, over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 359.36 points to settle at 28,693.99.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Modi bats for SMART policing  better intelligenceComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at the annual conference of DGs-IGs of state police and central police organisations in Guwahati on Sunday, made a pitch for SMART police and emphasised strong intelligence gathering.
The Prime Minister said he wanted a force which takes care of the country's law and order in an efficient manner. "I have a concept of SMART police in my mind. By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict with sensitive, M for modern and mobility, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained," said Modi.
Mentioning Chanakya Niti, Modi said that from Chanakya's time, the primary source of security for any society is an effective intelligence network.
"Security of a nation does not depend on arms, how much arms are there or on the number of people using them, but depends more on intelligence gathering," said Modi.
Modi lauded the supreme sacrifices made by 33,000 police officials in the service of the nation since independence and said: "This is not a small thing. They sacrificed for the country and the citizens' security and peace. Their sacrifice, while on duty, should not go unrecognised".
The Prime Minister also called for bringing out an e-book in every state on these martyrs in the state languages as well as the national languages and added that "this may seem to be a small gesture but will be an immense inspiration".
Modi stressed for creation of a task force for a protocol to ensure that the force takes full responsibility of conducting last rites of martyrs with full honour as "they had died on duty for the safety and security of the common man".
Emphasising the importance on police welfare, the Prime Minister said: "Policemen's life is full of tension as they put their life at risk. Unless we ensure that there is peace and stability in their family, they cannot give their full to society and do their duty properly.
"It is the responsibility of the government to set up a systematic programme to ensure certain welfare schemes to ease their lives like health check-ups, their children's education and their housing, particularly for those at the lower level," Modi said.
Modi was critical about the country's film industry for creating a bad image of the police force in the minds of common people. He said the government should make a special effort and rope in a PR agency to meet filmmakers and engage them in a process to bring out the best of the police force.
The Prime Minister also called for setting up of websites of every police station, like he did as the Gujarat chief minister, to highlight the positive work done by the police stations.
The Prime Minister, with Union home minister Rajnath Singh, presented the President's Police Medals for distinguished service.

Top 7 companies add Rs 47 365 crore in m-cap; SBI  InfosysshineBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:37 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:39 pm
The combined market valuation of top seven Sensex companies surged Rs 47,365 crore last week with SBI and Infosys emerging as big gainers.
TCS, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC also made gains in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended Friday (November 28).
ONGC, RIL and ITC were the only companies in the top-10 list that saw their m-cap drop in this period.
The m-cap of SBI soared Rs 12,243.8 crore to Rs 2,39,985.92 crore. Infosys added Rs 12,239.84 crore to Rs 2,50,323.90 crore in its valuation.
HDFC Bank’s market cap surged Rs 6,126.86 crore to Rs 2,31,322.85 crore. The m-cap of TCS climbed Rs 5,249.39 crore to Rs 5,17,711.39 crore.
Similarly, the valuation of Coal India jumped Rs 4,832.02 crore to Rs 2,24,073.03 crore, HDFC (Rs 4,262.91 crore to Rs 1,82,313.49 crore) and ICICI Bank (Rs 2,410.23 crore to Rs 2,03,130.36 crore).
On the other hand, ITC’s market cap tumbled Rs 10,582.48 crore to Rs 2,89,919.92 crore. Investor wealth in ONGC slipped Rs 3,507.75 crore to Rs 3,24,680.85 crore.
RIL lost Rs 2,134.98 crore to Rs 3,20,520.81 crore in its valuation.
In the domestic market cap ranking, TCS continues to top the list, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC.
Meanwhile, over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 359.36 points to settle at 28,693.99.

Heaven is what proud parents Genelia  Riteish DeshmukhfeelWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: December 1, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 3:23 pm
The cute couple of BTown – Genelia DSouza and Riteish Deshmukh – who recently became proud parents to a baby boy are on cloud nine these days. Best wishes and blessings from near and dear ones haven’t stopped as yet.
And the new ‘momma’ is all too elated with this phase of life, calling it ‘Heaven’ and ‘magical’. She took to Twitter to thank all her fans and followers and express her feelings as a new mother.
Thank u all for all the wishes on the birth of Son.. @Riteishd n me couldn’t thank ul enough for being w us all thru this period..
— Genelia Deshmukh (@geneliad) November 30, 2014
… Heaven is what I feel.. Magicallllllllllll .. Thank u again
— Genelia Deshmukh (@geneliad) November 30, 2014
Riteish Deshmukh had also earlier expressed his gratitude towards all the wishes.
Thank you all for your Love, Prayers & Blessings – the mother @geneliad n the lil one are doing great.
— Riteish Deshmukh (@Riteishd) November 26, 2014
I wish I could personally thank everyone, every tweet means a lot- will try n reply to as many as I can- big hug guys
— Riteish Deshmukh (@Riteishd) November 26, 2014
Also, the new parents brought the baby home yesterday and social media was abuzz with the pictures of the cute little kid. As one can see, Riteish poses with Genelia and mother.
Genelia and Riteish had been dating for almost nine years, before they tied the knot in 2012. Genelia gave birth to their first child on November 25.

Barack Obamas $7 billion plan to Power Africa gets off to a dimstartBy: Reuters | Johannesburg |
Posted: November 30, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:09 pm
Barack Obama in 2013 told a cheering crowd in Cape Town that a $7 billion plan to “Power Africa” would double electricity output on the world’s poorest continent and bring “light where currently there is darkness”.
A year later, the U.S. president’s flagship project for Africa has already achieved 25 percent of its goal to deliver 10,000 megawatts of electricity and bring light to 20 million households and businesses, according to its annual report.
But the five-year plan has not yet delivered the power.
Power Africa has not measured its progress by counting actual megawatts added to the grid but promises of additional power made in deals it says it helped negotiate, according to sources inside the project and documents seen by Reuters.
Some projects facilitated by Power Africa — a programme operated by the U.S. aid agency USAID — were under way years before the scheme’s inception, others are still in the planning stage.
It is unclear how much of the $7 billion Obama pledged has actually been spent or if a further $20 billion in private sector investment commitments will materialise.
“Saying you’ve met targets on projects that might never happen or taking the credit for projects that have been worked on for years makes me uncomfortable,” a source working on Power Africa told Reuters. “It’s misleading.”
Obama’s pledge to double power generation in Africa within five years looked highly ambitious from the start. Per capita electricity output in Sub-Saharan Africa has been flat for three decades because most promised power plants never get built.
“We’re dealing with megawatts on paper, rather than on the grid,” a second source working on the project said.
“Is that really what Obama promised?”
The first African-American U.S. president, the son of a Kenyan father, Obama has often been criticised for a lukewarm engagement in Africa, consisting more of words than deeds.
“WE’RE LIKE A PHARMACIST”
The 48 countries of Sub-Saharan Africa, with a combined population of 800 million, produce roughly the same amount of power as Spain, a country of just 46 million. This constrains Africa’s growth and keeps hundreds of millions in poverty.
Power Africa coordinator Andrew Herscowitz told Reuters there had been some confusion about the role of the programme. He said it was always intended to “expedite transactions”, facilitating private investment rather than handing out aid.
Herscowitz said Power Africa was there to help the private sector deliver electricity and it had already negotiated commitments from companies worth $20 billion, although he did not know how much of this money had been spent.
“We’re like a pharmacist, where people come to us, we reach out to people and figure out what is needed,” he said.
“In some projects we may have a lot of involvement and in some we continued…

Yezidis wait for help in fight against IS; Ravi Shankar to the rescueYezidis wait for help in fight against IS; Ravi Shankar to the rescue
Manjula Narayan , Hindustan Times   November 30, 2014
First Published: 11:25 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:03 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
Everyone should be part of the travel entourage of a famous guru at least once in their life. The experience could transform believers into followers, agnostics into atheists, and unbelievers into lunatics as they struggle to stay skeptical amid acolytes.
Followers frequently suggest you join the movement, learn to breathe, experience the fullness of life, be the best you can possibly be. But you’re too busy wondering why the streets of Erbil in the autonomous region of Iraqi Kurdistan — Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, whom you’re trailing, is the guest of honour at a peace conference organised by its parliament — are deserted, and why the gleaming towers and new palaces all seem eerily empty.
“This place looks like Delhi on a Sunday, every day,” mutters a TV journalist intent on extracting “some good bites” from Sri Sri on everything from Baba Rampal to the Yezidi question. As anyone who is plugged in to Indian social networks knows, there is much sympathy for the Yezidi community in the country especially from the Hindu right wing that sees, in its tragic fate, a mirroring of the wrongs perpetrated on Hindus in India by Islamic rule.
The Kawrgosk refugee camp west of Erbil is home to about 114,000 Syrians. (Manjula Narayan/HT Photo)
That the Yezidis are followers of an ancient religion that incorporates elements of nature worship, and that their temples are architecturally similar to Hindu ones has deepened that sense of identification. Hindu NRIs in the US have even reached out to Yezidis with practical support.
“We have created a group called the Hindu-Yezidi Coalition. It’s a multireligious group. We are slowly getting other groups who feel sympathetic to the Yezidis to also be part of it,” says Addoul Khalaf, a Yezidi activist, who lives in the US.
The story of the Yezidis is not a happy one. In August this year, ISIS (the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria) wreaked the Sinjar massacre killing many and forcing the populace of the town in Nineveh in northern Iraq to flee.
Horrific accounts of the treatment of the women — of selling them like cattle in bazaars, and compelling them to be sex slaves — have emerged.
Mirza Ismail, Chairman of the Yezidi Human Rights Organization-International speaks of the girl who was forced to wash her face in gasoline every day because she refused to marry ISIS militia, of the deaf mute 10-year-old who died of thirst while walking to freedom in August, and shows pictures of children charred to death, groups trudging wearily through the inhospitable mountains, women who’ve watched their menfolk being killed and somehow escaped to safety with children on their hips, of refugee camps ankle deep in dirty water even as winter sets in.
The camps to which Sri Sri’s group is led by Kurdish government representatives are more photogenic. At Baharka, which has a mix of Yezidis, Shabaks, Kaka’is, Arabs and Sunnis, the guru, resplendent in white robes edged with a strip of brocade, handed out sweets to excited children; at Kawergosk he visited a camp school and spoke to a few nonplussed young men, among them Syrian Kurdish Sipon Hassan Mustafa (22), a psychology student, who was told to apply for a job as a counsellor with the International Association of Human Values (IAHV), the practical wing of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar’s Art of Living Foundation. The IAHV has been counselling women in camps and teaching them tailoring and computers.
“Now that guruji has visited this camp good things will happen to these people,” a follower beams. Good things are what Amina Fizalli (25), a mother of four, yearns for as she washes vessels at a community tap in Baharka. Her family left Hamdania, a town near Mosul in panic after the arrival of ISIS.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar with baba Sheikh (in white), the spiritual leader of the Yezidis, at Lalish. (Manjula Narayan/HT Photo)
“We don’t have the money to buy things and we left everything we had back home,” she says. Ameera Khalil (19), who also fled Hamdania, says she and her husband, a construction worker, are “waiting for God to do something.”
Back in his suite at the 5 Star Erbil Rotana, Sri Sri talks of the IAHV’s humanitarian effort: “To gather 110 tonnes of food in this desert is not a normal thing. Even big agencies are not able to manage it. Ishwar ki kuchh hai jo kaam dete hi ekdum saphalta milta hai,” he says as he checks Twitter on his iPhone.
You have always been cynical about gurus and your initial reaction to Sri Sri is no different. You are also discomfited by the difference in the registers of the guru and his hosts. At a meeting, Sri Sri asks about establishing contact with ISIS and the speaker of the parliament says there’s no way at all to reach them. A question about the Indians trapped in Iraq is met with blank looks. Sri Sri’s exhortation to “start afresh… and not look to history all the time” elicits a pat response about the peaceable nature of Kurds.
They might as well be talking in different languages, which, incidentally, they were. That sense of absurdityseems exemplified in the unusually lush park visible from your hotel window. A former Peshmerga fighter, now a Sri Sri follower, says the Sami Abdul-Rahman park commemorates the numerous murdered Kurds whose bodies were dumped in unmarked graves in the area by Saddam Hussein’s forces.
Suddenly, life in India seems almost benign and you start to think that perhaps it’s better to attempt something, anything, as the guru is doing by conducting AoL courses in areas that have experienced strife. Indeed, his local fans include the 35-member Kurdish parliament and individuals like Jian Tolheldan, a YPG (the national army of Syrian Kurdistan) woman soldier currently stationed in Kobane in Syria, where she’s part of the force fighting ISIS.
You wonder, though, if Riana (name changed), 16, who escaped her ISIS tormentors in the town of Jalol and spoke about being routinely raped by more than 20 men a day, men who drew lots for the captive Yazidi girls, would benefit from deep breathing techniques. Or if Zaid Khalaf Ali (19) from Sinjar (also known as Shengal) now living at the Sheikhan refugee camp, whom you met at the Yazidi temple in Lalish — one of the religion’s holiest spots —would even want to draw succour from yoga.
Yezidi refugees struggling to cope. (Manjula Narayan/HT Photo)
“After ISIS came, my family ran away and lived in the mountains. For 30 days we lived on bread and water,” he says as he cradles his infant niece named Shengal, after the family’s lost home. In the face of all this monumental suffering, the Foundation’s efforts seem akin to pasting a Band-Aid on a gaping wound; just as the ‘Protecting Women and Bringing Peace and Stability Conference’ at Erbil feels like a forum for the spouting of platitudes.
“Every time we have these conferences, we talk and draw up a plan of action but nothing happens. The money spent on this conference could have been used to save some Yazidi women,” says Vian Dakhil, the only Yezidi in the Iraqi parliament.
The statement leads on to a debate on the trade in Yezidi women and on the suicides of those unable to cope with the shame of rape. The sole Islamist on the panel, a minister from Baghdad, then condemns suicide. And so it goes on endlessly skirting the real issue — the protection of persecuted communities.
“You come from India and think this conference to rescue these women is a good step but you don’t know there have been more than four or five conferences before and that nothing has been done,” says Mirza Ismail hinting at a profitable racket on an international scale. And then, there’s the money and resources that never seem to reach refugees, some of whom make do with a single meal of bread and yogurt a day.
You come away from Erbil emotionally weary. The complexities of the place, the column of smoke, which you thought was a fire but turned out to be a female suicide bomber, the camps, and the nervousness of the men who ferried the delegation make you think of the rough streets of Delhi with fondness.
You even contemplate enrolling for a spot of Sudarshan Kriya. Iraq can do that to anyone.
The writer was hosted by The Art of Living Foundation

8 airports in India have no scheduled flights  loss in 3 years Rs 82 croreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi talks  SMART  policing  adds new feather in wordplay capModi talks 'SMART' policing, adds new feather in wordplay cap
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 30, 2014
First Published: 12:49 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:57 IST(1/12/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has regularly knocked his opponents down and put his ideas forward by coining new phrases, added yet another one to his list at the 49th DGP/IGPs conference in Guwahati on Sunday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the 49th DGP/IGPs conference in Guwahati. (ANI Photo)
The latest was 'SMART policing', which put emphasis on the essentials of police job  
 
Advocating the concept, Modi said a country with an efficient intelligence network did not need any arms and ammunition to run the government.
 
The PM added he wanted a force which took care of the country's law and order in an efficient manner.
 
"By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for
reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained".
Let's sample a few of the acronyms, wordplay and numbers used by the PM:
 
Shirtfront: Modi used the term "shirtfront" to make fun of his host Abbott. A shirtfronter is an Australian rules term for a front-on challenge that knocks an opponent to the ground.
 
"(As) the third head of the government you are listening to this week, I do not know how you are doing this," Modi told members of parliament, who were addressed by Chinese leader Xi Jinping on Monday and Britain's David Cameron last Friday.
 
"Maybe this is Prime Minister Abbott's way of shirtfronting you!"
 
Modi admirers are aware of the Prime Minister's penchant for using words in an interesting way. Earlier, Modi had proved his way with words, coining several acronyms and catch phrases, and giving new meanings to well-known abbreviations. Here are some examples.
ABCD: Modi made use of ABCD for slamming the Congress party during an election rally in Punjab. It was "A for Adarsh, B for Bofors, C for coal scam."
 
NDA: Modi's take on the the BJP-led coalition 'NDA' was "National Development Alliance" during the 2014 general election campaign.
 
Make in India: Modi reached out to investors by saying "Come, Make in India", eyeing to make the country a manufacturing hub in his Independence Day speech and launched the campaign on September 25.
 
3Ss: Skill, scale and speed. He said the country needs to focus on imparting skills to its young population in order to compete with China. “If India has to compete with China, the focus should be on skill, scale and speed.”
 
5Ts: Tradition, Talent, Tourism, Trade and Technology. His government's intent to revive Brand India by riding on the country's strength of 5 Ts.
 
3Ds: Democracy, Demography and Demand. He reiterated it to Japanese investors saying India offers the three essential 'Ds' for businessmen.
 
No red tape but red carpet: He was hard-selling India as a manufacturing destination by promising investors saying "there is no red tape but red carpet in India. We have eased off a lot of regulations".
 
Inch towards Miles: He gave a new terminology to his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. "I call it ‘Inch towards Miles’. INCH is ‘India-China’, towards MILES is ‘Millennium of Exceptional Synergy’. I believe that tomorrow’s meeting will mark a happy beginning towards this goal of ‘Inch towards Miles’.”
 
G-All: Modi in his address at the UN General Assembly urged for creating a world with sustainable growth and the need for the world to become more united as nations.
 
"While we speak of an interdependent world, have we become more united as nations? Why can't we have a G-All grouping? Why is it that despite having a wonderful platform like the UN, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers?" said Modi.
 
"The names of groupings keep changing...G-5, G-7, G-20 and so on. India too is involved in several. But how much are we able to work together as G-1 or G-All? We need a G-All the most. We need to think how to create a G-all atmosphere when the UN is about to celebrate its 70 years," he said.

Ferguson shooting: Officer who shot Michael Brown resignsOfficer Darren Wilson in a evidence photo from the Ferguson Police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, released by the St. Louis County Prosecutor's Office. (Reuters photo)
The Ferguson police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown has resigned.
Darren Wilson, who had been on administrative leave since the August 9 shooting, resigned effective immediately, according to his lawyer, Neil Bruntrager, who declined further comment Saturday. An attorney for Brown's family didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
More than 100 protesters gathered near police headquarters, where they were outnumbered by officers, following the news. At least one person was arrested after a brief standoff, but many seemed unfazed by the resignation. Several shrugged.
"We were not after Wilson's job," civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton added later in a written statement. "We were after Michael Brown's justice."
Brown, who was black, was unarmed when Wilson, who is white, fatally shot him in the middle of a Ferguson street, where his body was left for several hours as police investigated and angry onlookers gathered.
A protester holds up a sign while demonstrating against Brown's shooting, outside of Macy's in Herald Square during the Black Friday shopping day in New York on Friday. (Reuters photo)
Some witnesses have said Brown had his hands up when Wilson shot him. Wilson told a grand jury that he feared for his life when Brown hit him and reached for his gun. The grand jury later decided not to indict him.
For some Americans on opposite sides of a national debate, Brown has now become a symbol , epitomising their polarised views on who bears the blame for the toll of young black men killed by police officers.
Brown was a gentle giant, in one version. A defiant troublemaker, in another.
Yet as more details of the 18-year-old's life and death emerge, his legacy in the eyes of many is more nuanced, reflecting the ups and downs and challenges faced by many young Americans. New protests - sometimes violent - erupted around the country this week after a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson who shot the unarmed Brown.
Wilson, who had been with the Ferguson Police Department for less than three years, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch he decided to step down after the department told him it had received threats of violence if he remained on the force.
"I'm not willing to let someone else get hurt because of me," Wilson told the newspaper.
Ferguson officials planned to make a statement on Wilson's resignation Sunday, said Stephanie Karr, city attorney for Ferguson. Karr earlier this week said Wilson had been on paid leave pending the outcome of an internal police investigation.
The US Justice Department is conducting a civil rights investigation into the shooting and a separate investigation of police department practices.
In the days after the shooting, tense and sometimes violent protests occurred in and around Ferguson, a predominantly black community patrolled by a mostly white police force. Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called in the National Guard to help.
On Monday night, when prosecutors announced that the grand jury declined to indict Wilson, the St. Louis suburb of 20,000 residents was ravaged by looting and violence. By Tuesday, Nixon had sent more than 2,200 National Guard members to the area.
Though protests calmed significantly, more than 100 people have been arrested since Monday.
Demonstrations, which also have been held other US cities, were expected to continue.
A woman lies in the street during a demonstration against the grand jury's decision in the Ferguson shooting of Michael Brown, in Los Angeles on Friday. (Reuters photo)

Consolidation key for Indian banking industry s growth: KotakThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bricks-and-mortar sales dips at holiday season; online surges: DataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ferguson police officer who killed Michael Brown resignsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

"everyone has the same opinion" about the good things and bad things ....Platinum Member
367 Followers
hi debashish ..... 8k is too small with equity of just 10 cr and reserves of 12 cr and 3.6 cr debt as well .....  eps   eps is alaso low ..... no comparison at all it like comparing tcs and 8k when it comes to onmobile it is global leader ..... if u r holding it sell it fast pls ..... wonder just because onmobile done well recently and that too in leaps and bounds  in Nov 14 ppl start cmparing with any stock with similar run ..... i ask you why was the potential not recognised earlier ..... it is indian teleocms who have trusted and taken a stand with present govt that it is rising ..... also some funds it got from sales of foreign subsidiaries it is worth 55 in cash and add cash from sales and premium from eps forecasted ...... you got a high figure first target is 215 given by shobit hats off to him friends ..... now if 8k is 623 then onmobile can go to 1000 ..... regards
In reply to : Neeta Chopra message
8.41 PM Nov 29th

Friday`s move in this counter has generated a lot of confide...Platinum Member
4310 Followers
Friday`s  move  in  this  counter  has  generated  a  lot  of  confidence  in  this  scrip...as  it  was  beaten  down  after  bad  news  few  months  ago...Risk  reward  ratio  is  favourable  at  this  stage.!!!!
2.27 PM Nov 30th  | Track

I have not read in detail but as far as i know yes will be the third i...New Member
0 Follower
Those who missed HDFC bank growth should buy Yes Bank and keep quite. It will grow on its own. Any abnormal fall utilize to accumulate more. I did not get in public issue. But I picked up soon after listing around Rs 68. I added more when it fell to Rs 305 due to board room struggle and this will be solved son and yes bank as earlier will race ahead of Indusind
In reply to : Joeboy message
2.20 PM Dec 1st

Jhumpa Lahiri  Shamsur Rahman Faruqi in DSC Prize shortlistIndian writer critic Shamsur Rahman Faruqi and Indian-American author Jhumpa Lahiri are among five authors shortlisted for next year’s USD 50,000 DSC Prize for South Asian Literature.
The shortlist for 2015 was announced here late last night.
Lahiri’s novel “The Lowland”, an intimate portrayal of two brothers and political passion was earlier on the 2013 Man Booker Prize shortlist as well. Her debut short story collection, “Interpreter of Maladies” had won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Poet, novelist and literary critic Faruqi has been shortlisted for his novel “The Mirror of Beauty” which he translated from Urdu and deals with the sunset of the Mughal Empire.
Beginning with the story of an enigmatic and gifted painter in a village near Kishangarh, the book embarks on an epic journey that sweeps through the death-giving deserts of Rajputana, the verdant valley of Kashmir and the glorious cosmopolis of Delhi, the craft of miniature painting and the art of carpet designing, scintillating musical performances and recurring paintings of mysterious, alluring women.
Pakistani author Bilal Tanweer is on the shortlist for his debut book “The Scatter Here Is Too Great”, which won the Shakti Bhatt First Book Prize for this year.
Kamila Shamsie, also from Pakistan has been nominated for “A God in Every Stone” while Sri Lankan-born London based writer Romesh Gunesekera’s “Noontide Toll” is also nominated. Gunesekera was a finalist at the Man Booker Prize for his novel “Reef” in 1994.
Keki Daruwalla, chair of the international five member jury said,” Most of the novels grappled with socio-political realities on the ground. All of them did so in ways that were moving, challenging, and thought-provoking.”
The final winner of the award is set to be announced at the Jaipur Literature Festival.
Previous winners of the DSC Prize include H M Naqvi from Pakistan for “Homeboy”, Shehan Karunatilaka from Sri Lanka for “Chinaman”, Jeet Thayil for “Narcopolis” and Cyrus Mistry for “Chronicle of a Corpse Bearer”.
TAGS: Jhumpa Lahiri Shamsur Rahman Faruqi
More from industry

India should not have cancelled foreign-secretary level talks: Nawaz SharifBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: November 29, 2014 3:09 am
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has said India should not have cancelled the foreign secretary-level talks, insisting that there was “nothing new” in consulting Kashmiri leaders ahead of a dialogue.
“We have been talking to the Kashmiri leaders in the past whenever Pakistan-India talks are held. This is nothing new as we have to seek the opinion of the Kashmiri leaders on an issue that concerns them the most,” Sharif told reporters on board his aircraft while returning home from the 18th SAARC summit Thursday.
Consultations held by Pakistan High Commissioner in New Delhi with Kashmiri separatists led to the cancellation of Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh’s visit to Islamabad in September. Since then both countries have maintained that they are willing to engage in a meaningful dialogue provided the other side takes the initiative.
Sharif said that India should not have cancelled the foreign secretary-level talks as was agreed upon during his meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi following his swearing-in at New Delhi, The News reported.
He said Pakistan wishes to pursue the dialogue process from a position of dignity, honour and self-respect.
Sharif said Pakistan desires a “meaningful” dialogue to resolve all issues including the Kashmir dispute.

G.V Prakash makes Bollywood singing debutUpdated: November 29, 2014 12:43 IST
G.V Prakash makes Bollywood singing debut
IANS
Composer G.V Prakash Kumar makes his Bollywood singing debut
TOPICS
celebrity
The southern composer has made his Hindi singing debut with Anurag Kashyap’s upcoming psychological thriller "Ugly".
Southern composer G.V Prakash Kumar, who has worked with Anurag Kashyap in both parts of “Gangs of Wasseypur”, has made his Hindi singing debut with the filmmaker’s upcoming psychological thriller “Ugly”.
Prakash, nephew of A.R Rahman, has also composed the music for the film.
“It was wonderful working with Anurag in ‘Ugly’ I’ve sung my first Hindi song called ‘Suraj hain kahan’ in the album. I’ve mixed trance into dubstep for this track,” Prakash Kumar told IANS.
In Tamil, the composer has started work on his 50th album, which will be his second collaboration with actor Vijay after “Thalaivaa”.
He also has over half a dozen Tamil projects in his kitty.

India According To UBS19:02 pm Rupee falls to lowest since Nov 2013, closes at 63.53/ USD
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Rupee
18:13 pm For efficient GST, inclusion of petro products must: EY
- in Economy
17:58 pm Nifty down 150 points after a weak session; ends at 8068
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Markets

Indo-US poultry case: India may challenge WTO panel rulingIndo-US poultry case: India may challenge WTO panel ruling
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 11:30 AM IST
India is likely to challenge a WTO panel's ruling which had described the country's ban on American poultry product imports as inconsistent with global norms.
The Department of Commerce is working on the "feasibility of filing an appeal against the WTO's panel report" in consultation with the Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries, sources said.
In its ruling on October 14, the WTO panel had said that India's measures are "arbitrarily and unjustifiably discriminate between Members where identical or similar conditions prevail and are applied in a manner which constitutes a disguised restriction on international trade".
India has 60 days to appeal before the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organisation against the decision of the dispute settlement panel.
In March 2012, the US had dragged India to the WTO against India's ban on imports of certain American farm products, including poultry meat and eggs. India had banned imports of various agricultural products from the US in 2007, as a precautionary measure to prevent outbreaks of Avian Influenza in the country.
India is one of the potential market for the US which is one of the world's largest exporter of chicken meat.
According to a report, India's broiler meat consumption is increasing and may touch 3.72 million tonnes in 2014 from 3.45 million tonnes in 2013.
Further, India and the US are also engaged in consultations on another dispute at the WTO with regard to New Delhi's solar mission plan.
In February, the US had dragged India to WTO on country's solar mission plan and alleged that the plan discriminates against American products.
Sources said that after the constitution of a panel, the US made its written submission on October 24 and India will be making its written submission on December 5.
After filing of a complaint by a member, the WTO sets up dispute settlement panel to examine the complaint.
On January 11, 2010, India launched its national solar policy. India has an ambitious target of generating 20,000 megawatts of solar power by 2022.

Pocket-sized drones that can be controlled with your smartphone3
New York: Two new pocket-sized drones have made their debut on the crowd-funding website Kickstarter.
Anura - which shrinks to a phone-sized package with retractable wings - and the Zano - an intelligent and autonomous drone - are now seeking funds for mass production.
Anura is the size of an average iPhone, but a little thicker. It has four retractable wings which can be tucked into the package and then carried around without a box. With a flight time of about 10 minutes, it connects to the controller through WiFi. The drone also streams video and images back to the smartphone to capture and stream live video.
Two new portable drones have made their debut on the crowdfunding website Kickstarter. Both the drones have built-in cameras to shoot still images and high-definition video.
#drones #portable drones #anura #zano
On the other side, Zano is slightly smaller and looks more like a conventional drone. It claims a slightly longer flight time of 10-15 minutes though it does need a case to carry around because of the exposed propellers.
Both the drones have built-in cameras to shoot still images and high-definition video. The drones can be controlled via apps for Android and iOS mobile devices, the information available on Kickstarter read.
49

India s tablet market clocks strongest growth in Q3: Report31
0
New Delhi: Fuelled by festive buying and strengthening commercial demand, India's tablet market reported its strongest third quarter growth so far during July-September 2014, said a report by International Data Corporation (IDC) Friday.
Tablet market shipments in India witnessed a strong quarter-on-quarter growth of 10 per cent making it a 0.94-million-unit market.
"The initial phase of impulsive buying seems to have faded, as the consumers are more aware of the use case of tablets now. Therefore, the current size of the market looks more realistic and stable," Tanvi Mann, market analyst, IDC India said.
With more than 90 per cent market share in third quarter, Android is expected to dominate the market in the foreseeable future as well, says IDC.
#android #windows #ipad #ios
Samsung led the tablet market in India, followed by Micromax and iBall.
With more than 90 per cent market share in third quarter, Android is expected to dominate the market in the foreseeable future as well, IDC said, adding: "Windows-based tablets priced under $200 (Rs.12,390) are expected to accelerate the adoption rate, albeit from a low base."
"Due to continuous onslaught from the "Phablets" (which IDC defines as 5.5 inches-6.99 inches screen size smartphones), small screen tablets are taking a hit and there is more uptake on tablets which are screen-sized between 8-9 inches. This has, however, led to an overall improvement of the average selling price for the category," Kiran Kumar, research manager, client devices, IDC India said.
Owing to seasonality, there will be lesser intake in fourth quarter (October-December) 2014, IDC predicted.
For 2015, however, the commercial segment is likely to grow in comparison to a stable consumer market. "Government projects and government-aided education projects should remain key to the growth in the commercial tablets," it said.
"We are likely to see increased activity by PC OEMs in the tablets space with a focus on the 7 inch and 8 inch form factor," Mann added.
6

Apple launches iPad Air 2  iPad Mini 3 in India; prices start at Rs 28 900Nov 30, 2014 at 11:17am IST
Apple launches iPad Air 2, iPad Mini 3 in India; prices start at Rs 28,900
87
17
New Delhi: Apple has finally launched the new iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 in India. Both the models are available online as well as across Apple authorised retail stores.
The iPad Air 2, at 6.1 millimeters thin, adds many of the features previously available on iPhones. That includes the ability to take burst shots and slow-motion video and the inclusion of a fingerprint ID sensor for use instead of a passcode. It also has an anti-reflective coating, a first for a tablet, which makes it 56 per cent less reflective.
Customers will have the option to buy from six models of the iPad Air 2, priced in the range of Rs 35,900 to Rs 59,900. There are three models each under two categories - iPad with WiFi connectivity only and with both WiFi and cellular connectivity supported through a nano SIM.
Customers will have the option to buy from six models of the iPad Air 2, priced in the range of Rs 35,900 to Rs 59,900.
#apple #apple india #ipad air 2 #ipad mini 3
Based on their storage support, each model of iPad Air 2 has been priced differently.
The iPad Air 2 16 GB WiFi-only model is priced at Rs 35,900, 64 GB at Rs 42,900 and 128 GB model at Rs 49,900, including value added tax.
The three models of iPad Air 2 with both WiFi and cellular connectivity have been priced at Rs 45,900, Rs 52,900 and Rs 59,900, including VAT.
Similarly, the iPad Mini 3 will also be available in two different categories - WiFi connectivity only and WiFi with cellular connectivity. Each of these categories has three models differentiated in terms of their storage support.
The iPad Mini 3 models have been priced in the range of Rs 28,900 to Rs 52,900, including VAT.
All the iPad Air 2 models have a 9.7-inch screen while the iPad Mini 3 comes with a 7.9 inch screen.
iPad Air 2 has new Apple-designed A8X chip, which the company says, delivers 40 per cent improvement in computing performance and 2.5 times better graphics performance as compared to the previous version of iPad Air.
Apple promises up to 10-hour of battery life in iPad Air 2 while surfing the Internet on wifi, watching video or listening to music.
iPad Mini 3 has Apple's A7 chipset. Apple has added Touch ID feature in both iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 so that users can unlock their iPad with touch of a finger and enhance security in transactions done through these devices.
In Air 2, Apple has upgraded main camera to 8 megapixel while camera in the iPad mini 3 remains the same at 5 megapixel. The front camera of all the iPad models is 1.2 megapixel.
The cellular version of iPad supports all kind of telecom connectivity across frequency bands available for public, including CDMA, 2G, 3G and 4G.
(With inputs from PTI)

Citibank a deeply-entrenched bank in India: CEOCEO
MUMBAI: Describing itself as a 'deeply entrenched domestic bank' in India, global banking giant Citi's Indian arm says it sees a tremendous opportunity for itself from the government's 'Make in India' campaign.
Many global multinational clients of Citibank have evinced interest in having a larger footprint in India and to invest more here, which gives it a significant opportunity to participate in the government's Make in India programme, Citi India CEO Pramit Jhaveri said.
"I believe there is a tremendous opportunity for a bank like ours to contribute meaningfully to the 'Make in India' philosophy as articulated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi ," Jhaveri said in an interview here.
"Many of our global multinational clients, from around 50 countries, are our clients in India. India is now amongst the most strategically important markets for these clients, which was clearly not the case 6-7 years ago and this is a major change.
"Our conversations with many of them, suggest that they would like to have a larger footprint in India and want to invest in India. I think this fits in very well with the 'Make In India' theme and provides us with an opportunity to work with them in achieving their strategic objectives," he added.
Jhaveri said that Citibank has been been in India for 112 years and over all these years it has played a meaningful role in terms of pioneering and innovation for the industry, and in contributing to the globalization aspirations of corporates in and outside India.
"Today, we would like to be viewed as a deeply entrenched and well connected domestic bank with a strong digital and global platform that contributes to the economic progress of all our target client segments," he added.
On the way ahead for Citibank in India, Jhaveri said, "Our strategy going forward is straightforward. It is a subset of our global strategy, it is built around and driven by the needs of our Indian clients and it is based on what we are permitted to do by local regulations.
"Both institutional and consumer banking are integral parts of our strategy. Yes, we only have 42 branches after 112 years, but we have built a business model and a mindset that allows us to operate successfully within that physical constraint."
It has an employee strength of nearly 10,000 people and posted Profit After Tax of Rs 2,893 crore for fiscal 2013-14.
It is present across all segments of banking services including retail and wholesale banking. Its products and services are organised mainly under two major segments -- Institutional Clients Group and Global Consumer Bank .
It is a major player in the credit card market for retail consumers, while in corporate and investment banking segments it has leadership positions in areas like M&As, equity markets and international bonds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China urges Taiwan to keep ties after polllossBy: Associated Press | Taipei |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:02 pm
China urged Taiwan to protect the gains of landmark cooperation between the mainland and the self-ruled island after Taiwan’s pro-Beijing ruling party was routed in local elections.
The defeat in Saturday’s elections of the Nationalist Party, which lost nine cities and counties, including its longtime strongholds Taipei, the capital, and the major central city of Taichung, led to the resignation of Premier Jiang Yi-huah, who heads the Cabinet. President Ma Ying-jeou promised to make changes.
The election losses could jeopardize six years of talks with China that have led to 21 agreements, helping to lift Taiwan’s half-trillion-dollar economy, while raising Beijing’s hopes for political reunification. Beijing has claimed sovereignty over Taiwan since the Chinese civil war of the 1940s, but since taking office in 2008, Ma has set aside the old disputes to ease tensions through talks.
A top Chinese official on Saturday night urged people in Taiwan to protect those gains. “We hope compatriots across the Strait will cherish hard-won fruits of cross-strait relations, and jointly safeguard and continue to push forward peaceful development of cross-strait relations,” said Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office.
Taiwanese have been watching closely as Beijing takes a hard-line stance on demands for democratic rule in Hong Kong, a semiautonomous Chinese city that has been gripped by more two months of pro-democracy protests. The heavy losses will make it tougher for Ma’s Nationalists to hold onto the presidency in 2016.
“I must express apologies to the Nationalist Party and its supporters for making everyone disappointed,” Ma told a news conference. “I’ve received the message people have sent via these elections. It’s my responsibility and I will quickly offer a party reform plan to address everyone’s demands. I won’t avoid responsibility.”
The chief opposition Democratic Progressive Party picked up seven offices in Saturday’s elections. It favors continuing talks with China’s Communist leadership, but disputes the dialogue framework that binds the two sides under Beijing’s jurisdiction, instead preferring talks in an international setting.
“We want to send the Nationalists a warning,” said Lin Wen-chih, a 48-year-old film producer who voted for the winning independent Taipei mayoral candidate, Ko Wen-je. “Taiwan is an independent country. We don’t want the Nationalists to take measures that would have it eaten up (by China).”
A weakened Nationalist Party, also known as the Kuomintang, or KMT, may erode Ma’s mandate before 2016 to sign a pact with China to cut import tariffs, set up official representative offices on both sides and push for a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. If the opposition party wins the presidency, Beijing is likely to suspend deals with Taiwan.
In March, Ma’s government faced thousands of student-led protesters who occupied parliament and nearby streets in Taipei to stop ratification of continued…

Thailand: Crown prince Vajiralongkorn strips wifes family of royalnameBy: Associated Press | Bangkok |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:42 pm
Thailand’s Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has asked the government to strip his wife’s family of their royally issued surname, the latest development in a high-profile crackdown that involves senior members of the police force. The move came after at least three relatives of the crown prince’s wife, Princess Srirasm, were arrested last week as part of the corruption probe.
The probe has attracted national attention in Thailand, where the private lives of the royal family are kept discreet. But many questions remain unanswered, primarily because of strict lese majeste laws that carry a penalty of up to 15 years in prison for insulting the monarchy.
In a letter dated Friday but released over the weekend, the crown prince ordered the “cancellation of the royally bestowed family name ‘Akrapongpreecha,”’ which was issued after the pair married in 2001. The brief letter, which was sent to the Interior Ministry, gave no explanation for the action. National police spokesman Lt. Gen. Prawut Thavornsiri confirmed the letter’s authenticity.
Srirasm is the crown prince’s third wife and was last seen in public a week ago at a royal ceremony alongside her husband. They have a 9-year-old son, who is a presumed heir to the throne. The crackdown has included the arrest of at least eight police officers, who face serious charges ranging from bribery and extortion to defaming the monarchy.
Thailand’s police department has a reputation as one of the country’s most corrupt institutions. The junta that has ruled the country since toppling an elected government on May 22 claims it is prioritizing the fight against corruption, but critics say graft remains institutionalized and the army’s real goal is to cripple political rivals led by self-exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted in a 2006 coup.
The crackdown comes at a sensitive time for the monarchy with King Bhumibol Adulyadej, 86, the world’s longest-reigning monarch, in poor health. Worries about the king’s health and succession have contributed to Thailand’s political instability over the past eight years. As the wife of the crown prince, Srirasm would potentially become the next queen of Thailand.

Popes Turkey trip ends seeking unity withOrthodoxBy: Associated Press | Istanbul |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:18 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 4:02 pm
Pope Francis is wrapping up his three-day visit to Turkey with a liturgy alongside the spiritual leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians and a meeting with young refugees who have fled Syria, Iraq and other conflict zones.
Francis and Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I will issue a joint declaration at the end of their meeting Sunday, which falls on an important feast day for the Orthodox Church.
The Catholic and Orthodox churches split in 1054 over differences on the primacy of the papacy, and there was a time when patriarchs had to kiss popes’ feet.
At the end of a joint prayer service Saturday, Francis bowed to Bartholomew and asked for his blessing, a remarkable display of papal deference to an Orthodox patriarch that underscored Francis’ hope to end the schism.

Thailand: Crown prince Vajiralongkorn strips wife s family of royal nameBy: Associated Press | Bangkok |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:42 pm
Thailand’s Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has asked the government to strip his wife’s family of their royally issued surname, the latest development in a high-profile crackdown that involves senior members of the police force. The move came after at least three relatives of the crown prince’s wife, Princess Srirasm, were arrested last week as part of the corruption probe.
The probe has attracted national attention in Thailand, where the private lives of the royal family are kept discreet. But many questions remain unanswered, primarily because of strict lese majeste laws that carry a penalty of up to 15 years in prison for insulting the monarchy.
In a letter dated Friday but released over the weekend, the crown prince ordered the “cancellation of the royally bestowed family name ‘Akrapongpreecha,”’ which was issued after the pair married in 2001. The brief letter, which was sent to the Interior Ministry, gave no explanation for the action. National police spokesman Lt. Gen. Prawut Thavornsiri confirmed the letter’s authenticity.
Srirasm is the crown prince’s third wife and was last seen in public a week ago at a royal ceremony alongside her husband. They have a 9-year-old son, who is a presumed heir to the throne. The crackdown has included the arrest of at least eight police officers, who face serious charges ranging from bribery and extortion to defaming the monarchy.
Thailand’s police department has a reputation as one of the country’s most corrupt institutions. The junta that has ruled the country since toppling an elected government on May 22 claims it is prioritizing the fight against corruption, but critics say graft remains institutionalized and the army’s real goal is to cripple political rivals led by self-exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted in a 2006 coup.
The crackdown comes at a sensitive time for the monarchy with King Bhumibol Adulyadej, 86, the world’s longest-reigning monarch, in poor health. Worries about the king’s health and succession have contributed to Thailand’s political instability over the past eight years. As the wife of the crown prince, Srirasm would potentially become the next queen of Thailand.

Hero Moto plans to set up plants in Brazil  ...Hero Moto plans to set up manufacturing plants in Brazil, Argentina
By PTI | 30 Nov, 2014, 02.16PM IST
Hero Moto Corp plans to set up manufacturing units in Brazil and Argentina, even as it expects upcoming plant in Colombia to help widen its reach in the region.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
BOGOTA (Colombia): Eyeing aggressive expansion in Central and Latin America, India's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Moto Corp plans to set up manufacturing units in Brazil and Argentina, even as it expects upcoming plant in Colombia to help widen its reach in the region.
"We believe that the factory in Colombia will be a good hub for supply to other markets for us in Central and Latin America," Hero Moto Corp MD & CEO Pawan Munjal told PTI.
"We will get into manufacturing in Brazil. Argentina also requires us to manufacture locally, which is also on the cards. We would like to enter the Brazilian market along with the Rio Olympics in 2016," he added.
Hero MotoCorp launched six of its best-selling bikes here as part of its target to clock 1.2 million unit sales from global business by 2020.
The two-wheelers rolled out include the 100 cc bikes - Splendor iSmart, Eco Deluxe, and Passion-Pro; the 125 cc Glamour; the 150 cc Hunk and the 225 cc Karizma ZMR. The bikes will be sold in 120 outlets spread across the country.
This July, the company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary in Colombia and commenced construction of a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in the country.
The project entails investment of USD 70 million in capital expenditure as well as working capital over a three-year period, he added.
"In the first phase we are going for manufacturing 75,000 to 80,000 units in annual capacity, going up to 1,50,000 units in next phase," Munjal said on the upcoming unit in Colombia.
With this, the New Delhi-headquartered Hero MotoCorp will be the first Indian two-wheeler company to have a manufacturing plant in Latin America. The plant in Colombia is expected to go on stream by the middle of 2015.
Munjal said the company is looking to establish manufacturing and assembly units in 50 countries worldwide as part of its global expansion plans.
By 2020, the company aims to be in over 50 countries with 20 plus assembly facilities globally.

PM Modi slips to second spot in TIME s  Person of the Year  pollNov 30, 2014 at 01:09pm IST
PM Modi slips to second spot in TIME's 'Person of the Year' poll
34
0
Washington: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has slipped to the second place in the Time magazine's 'Person of the Year' poll with the Ferguson protesters surging ahead of him in a vote by the readers.
As per latest reports, Modi is leading second with 9.8 per cent of the total votes polled so far while the Ferguson protesters are leading with 10.8 per cent of the votes. Joshua Wong, face of the Hong Kong pro-democracy movement, is placed third.
Nobel Peace prize winner Malala Yousafzai (5.3 per cent) and Russian President Vladimir Putin are placed fourth and fifth respectively.
The Ferguson protesters are leading with 10.8 per cent of the votes.
#narendra modi #time magazine #person of the year poll #ferguson protesters
US President Barack Obama is placed at a distant 11th position with just 2.4 per cent of the total votes.
The annual poll, which is currently underway, is scheduled to end on December 6 and the poll's winner will be announced on December 8.
However, it is the TIME's editors who will choose the Person of the Year, which is scheduled to be announced on December 10.
Till November 26, Modi was leading the polls with 11.1 per cent of the total votes while Ferguson protesters with 8.8 per cent were ranked second.
But support for Ferguson protesters surged after a recent grand jury's decision of not to indict a white police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man which caused an outcry across the United States.
"Ferguson protesters surged ahead this week of the leader of the world's largest democracy," Time magazine said on Saturday in a story titled 'Modi Drops From Lead in TIME's Person of the Year Poll.'
"Modi, the newly elected Indian Prime Minister and leader of the largest democracy in the world, has raised high hopes among Indians that he can invigorate the country's economy and cut bureaucratic red tape that has slowed development in India," the magazine said.
27

Islamic State  recruit  Areeb Majeed may undergo narco test  say sourcesNov 30, 2014 at  02:25pm IST
Islamic State 'recruit' Areeb Majeed may undergo narco test, say sources
42
0
Mumbai: 23-year-old Areeb Majeed, who returned to India after fighting for terror outfit Islamic State, was on Sunday interrogated by the National Investigation Agency (NIA), Intelligence Bureau (IB), Research & Analysis Wing (RAW) and Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS).
During the interrogation Majeed revealed that there are around 13 other youngsters from India who are fighting for IS in Syria, said sources.
Majeed who is in NIA custody till December 8 is also likely to undergo narco analysis and lie detection test, said sources.
#islamic state #isis #mumbai #areeb majeed
The youth from Mumbai suburb Kalyan, Areeb, who until now was believed to have been killed while fighting for IS in Syria, was arrested on Friday night.
A case has been slapped against ISIS and its operatives under Section 125 of the IPC which deals with waging war against any Asiatic country which has friendly ties with India, entailing maximum punishment of life imprisonment.
In May this year, four youths from Kalyan - Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Shaikh and Aman Tandel, besides Areeb - had left India to visit holy places in the West Asia, but they disappeared thereafter and since then were suspected to have
joined the Sunni extremist group.
According to police, the four engineering students flew to Baghdad on May 23 as part of a group of 22 pilgrims to visit religious shrines in Iraq. After Areeb's return, he was interrogated by the NIA and Maharashtra ATS.
(With inputs from PTI)

Qatar court acquits US couple over daughter s deathThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

4 killed as bus hits autorickshaw in UjjainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil s plunge triggers panic selling in GulfThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gabba Test postponed  Adelaide Test in consideration to be cast as firstThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s Modi vows to halt illegal immigrants from BangladeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GJF hails move to abolish 80:20 rule for gold importsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

QE or not QE Spotlight on the ECB as inflation dipsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

If u see fno data it is horrible  almost 20 lac shares added in dec. f...Dec Future some interesting states
24-11(71.05, OI 2.37cr). 25-11(67.6, OI 4.35cr). Means price decrease and OI increased.
28-11(68.2, OI 8.3Cr). Almost doubled from 25th with net marginal increase in price. Pleas note avg. trading price of Dec future on 28th is nearly the same as closing of 27th.
Is this is so OBVIOUSLY bearish?
In reply to : aviash14 message
4.39 PM Nov 30th

By writing something r we creating panic r we forcing some poor chap ...New Member
0 Follower
all the investors of SBI please dont panic it is a good stock and reliable stock among all bank will not let it go it will take measures to protect the investors of investors at 306 there is resistence it has crossed 321.40 it will take raliegh up to 350 by next week
In reply to : Ajit4Ajit message
6.50 PM Nov 30th

If we get that big bang announcement then journey from 500 to 1000 wil...Gold Member
114 Followers
If we get that BIG BANG announcement then journey from 500 to 1000 will only take days (one month max)
In reply to : akrmr message
2.57 PM Nov 30th

Modi: Govt to go ahead with land swapping agreementPrime Minister Narendra Modi being felicitated with the traditional Assamese Japi, Gamocha and wooden one horned rhino during a BJP workers' meet in Guwahati on Sunday. -- PTI
Guwahati, Nov 30:  
Focusing on security issues in Assam, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said his Government will go ahead with the land swapping agreement with Bangladesh for a permanent solution to the infiltration problem.
“I know Assam’s problems. I assure you all that there will be no compromise on Assam’s security. Land swapping will be done for a permanent solution,” he told a BJP workers’ meeting here.
“I know the sentiment of Assamese people regarding a land swapping deal. I assure you, we will move ahead considering the country’s and Assam’s welfare. Assam will gain in the long term even if it looks like losing in short term,” he said.
The Government will close all roads to the forces who are destroying the State “on a daily basis” and the law will take its own course to punish them, he said, adding, everything will be done for development and job generation in the North-East.
Referring to the ambitious Jan Dhan Yojna, the Prime Minister said, “BJP is working to bring the poor to the mainstream. The poor had never entered the banks (before). We have opened bank doors for them.
“The PSU banks are working very hard now. Every week, one crore bank accounts are being opened. Earlier, one crore accounts were opened not even in one month, but in one year.”
He said the BJP has for the first time fought elections on the single issue of development and forced other parties to consider this issue prominently.
“The BJP Government has only one motto and it is development. No party had the courage to fight elections on the development issue. In Maharashtra, Haryana and now in Jharkhand, all parties are talking about development,” he said.
Modi said the people have seen almost all parties, including those run by families, in government and are now seeing the BJP rule at the Centre.
“BJP doesn’t do politics on the basis of casteism, communalism or regionalism. We don’t accept that road. BJP always did politics of nationalism. We believe in development with all and for all,” he added.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Modis threat perception has multipliedNew Delhi, November 29, 2014
Updated: November 29, 2014 02:30 IST
Modi’s threat perception has multiplied
Varghese K. George
politics
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s threat perception has multiplied many times after assuming office, but his security apparatus has possibly slackened as two serious breaches demonstrate. “Whether by inducting trusted officers in the Special Protection Group (SPG) or though other mechanisms, the PM’s protection needs to be enhanced,” the retired official said.
B.V. Wanchoo, predecessor of the outgoing SPG chief K. Durga Prasad, could carry weight in the previous Prime Minister’s Office (PMO), as he was close to the Congress leadership. “No officer in the SPG has the weight to make a point to the PMO today,” a government source said.
While the SPG is kept at arm’s length, Mr. Modi is pushing the boundaries of security protocol. In Bhutan, he stopped the cavalcade in the middle of the journey to interact with children, and in the biggest security scare of all, he ordered the bullet-proof glass enclosure removed for the Independence Day speech at Red Fort in Delhi.
“Blasts in Patna rally of Narendra Modi on October 27, 2013 and inputs about planning of terrorist organisation (sic) to harm Narendra Modi clearly indicate that he faces a high degree of threat to his life … Since his declaration as BJP’s prime ministerial candidate, the threat to Narendra Modi has further escalated,” said a secret report of the Advance Security Liaison (ASL) meeting that advised against Mr. Modi addressing a rally in Benia Bagh in Varanasi during the Lok Sabha election campaign.
The Bharatiya Janata Party targeted the Election Commission for denying permission for the rally. The party overlooked the fact that an Inspector-General and a Deputy Inspector-General of the Gujarat Police were present at the ASL meeting with the Uttar Pradesh Police, the Intelligence Bureau and the National Security Guard, the agency that was protecting Mr. Modi then.

Sahara Looks to Raise Rs 4 000 Crore Loan to Fund BailYou are here: Home Corporates
Sahara Looks to Raise $650 Million Loan to Fund Bail
Reuters | Updated On: November 28, 2014 21:30 (IST)
Alstom T&D India Bags Rs 151 Crore Order From Rajasthan
Mumbai: The Sahara conglomerate on Friday said it aimed to raise $650 million (Rs 4,037 crore at 1 dollar = 61 rupees) in loans to secure the release of its chief, in jail for nearly nine months over the group's failure to refund billions of dollars to investors in outlawed bonds.
Sahara, which owns the Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza Hotel in New York, has also sought the Supreme Court's permission to take over an existing loan on its three overseas hotels from Bank of China.
The group will go for refinancing after that, Sahara said in a statement, without naming the refinancing bank.
Sahara did not say how much the outstanding loan from Bank of China was, but court documents previously showed an amount of more than $900 million (Rs 5,590 crore). The Supreme Court will hear Sahara's plea on Tuesday, the company statement said.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay Rs 10,000 crore ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for its chief Subrata Roy, one of India's best-known business tycoons.
Mr Roy has been held in Delhi since March 4 in a long-running dispute with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) over the refunds.
The regulator last month accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell the marquee overseas hotels, which Sahara had told the court it would sell or mortgage to raise the bail money.
($1 = 62.1150 rupees)

Markets Focus on RBI Policy Review; Rate Cut to BoostFund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
The focus of investors is on the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review due on Tuesday.
Markets are pricing in a rate cut although only 4 out of 45 economists in a Reuters poll said the RBI will cut rates.
Also focus continues to be on the ongoing winter session of parliament for cues on the further reforms.
The 10-year bond yield can drop to sub-8 per cent levels if RBI cuts rates on Tuesday. Yield is broadly seen in 7.95 to 8.25 per cent range next week.
Rupee is seen moving in a 61.50 to 62.50 range to a dollar band, while Nifty is seen trading in a 8,350-8,750 range.
Oil and gas stocks will be in the focus as crude prices are near multi-year lows.
Key factors/events to watch
The government will release current account balance data next week, also trade balance data is due to be released next week by RBI.
On Monday HSBC Markit manufacturing PMI will be released at 10:30 a.m. While Tuesday will see RBI's monetary policy review due to be released at 11 a.m.
On Wednesday HSBC services PMI will be released at 10:30 a.m. Friday will see release of India foreign exchange reserves data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

INVESTOR CAMP KOLKATA19:02 pm Rupee falls to lowest since Nov 2013, closes at 63.53/ USD
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Rupee
18:13 pm For efficient GST, inclusion of petro products must: EY
- in Economy
17:58 pm Nifty down 150 points after a weak session; ends at 8068
- in CNBC-TV18 Analyst - Markets

Balki bans Amitabh Bachchan from blogging about PikuBalki bans Amitabh Bachchan from blogging about Piku?
Jigar Shah , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 30, 2014
First Published: 11:32 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:59 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
Amitabh Bachchan, who actively writes posts and uploads photos on his blog, has constantly been updating fans about the daily happenings on the sets of his film with Shoojit Sircar, Piku.
This hasn’t gone down well with director R Balki, who is directing him in another project. He feels that Bachchan should focus on his film over others, since it will release first.
The actor posted a light-hearted comment about this on his blog, saying that if fans don’t get to see more posts related to Shoojit’s film, it’s Balki’s fault.
Reacting to that, Balki says, “You think Amitabh Bachchan takes instructions from me? Ha ha. If I tell him don’t put Shamitabh’s pictures, you can be sure they will be in his blog. If I say no Piku pics, there will be only those pics. If I say please don’t publish my messages in your blog, you can be sure they will also be there. So yes, I have instructed Amitji not to put Piku or Wazir or anything else only because I am sure he will. And therefore stop more Shamitabh pics from leaking out before time!!!! Ha ha. (sic).”
Amitabh Bachchan on the sets of Shamitabh.

China urges Taiwan to keep ties after poll lossBy: Associated Press | Taipei |
Posted: November 30, 2014 1:02 pm
China urged Taiwan to protect the gains of landmark cooperation between the mainland and the self-ruled island after Taiwan’s pro-Beijing ruling party was routed in local elections.
The defeat in Saturday’s elections of the Nationalist Party, which lost nine cities and counties, including its longtime strongholds Taipei, the capital, and the major central city of Taichung, led to the resignation of Premier Jiang Yi-huah, who heads the Cabinet. President Ma Ying-jeou promised to make changes.
The election losses could jeopardize six years of talks with China that have led to 21 agreements, helping to lift Taiwan’s half-trillion-dollar economy, while raising Beijing’s hopes for political reunification. Beijing has claimed sovereignty over Taiwan since the Chinese civil war of the 1940s, but since taking office in 2008, Ma has set aside the old disputes to ease tensions through talks.
A top Chinese official on Saturday night urged people in Taiwan to protect those gains. “We hope compatriots across the Strait will cherish hard-won fruits of cross-strait relations, and jointly safeguard and continue to push forward peaceful development of cross-strait relations,” said Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office.
Taiwanese have been watching closely as Beijing takes a hard-line stance on demands for democratic rule in Hong Kong, a semiautonomous Chinese city that has been gripped by more two months of pro-democracy protests. The heavy losses will make it tougher for Ma’s Nationalists to hold onto the presidency in 2016.
“I must express apologies to the Nationalist Party and its supporters for making everyone disappointed,” Ma told a news conference. “I’ve received the message people have sent via these elections. It’s my responsibility and I will quickly offer a party reform plan to address everyone’s demands. I won’t avoid responsibility.”
The chief opposition Democratic Progressive Party picked up seven offices in Saturday’s elections. It favors continuing talks with China’s Communist leadership, but disputes the dialogue framework that binds the two sides under Beijing’s jurisdiction, instead preferring talks in an international setting.
“We want to send the Nationalists a warning,” said Lin Wen-chih, a 48-year-old film producer who voted for the winning independent Taipei mayoral candidate, Ko Wen-je. “Taiwan is an independent country. We don’t want the Nationalists to take measures that would have it eaten up (by China).”
A weakened Nationalist Party, also known as the Kuomintang, or KMT, may erode Ma’s mandate before 2016 to sign a pact with China to cut import tariffs, set up official representative offices on both sides and push for a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. If the opposition party wins the presidency, Beijing is likely to suspend deals with Taiwan.
In March, Ma’s government faced thousands of student-led protesters who occupied parliament and nearby streets in Taipei to stop ratification of continued…

US lawmaker s aide draws ire over her rant about Obama s daughtersUS lawmaker's aide draws ire over her rant about Obama's daughters
AFP
print
A US lawmaker's communications director was facing social media calls she be sacked after her Facebook rant about President Barack Obama's daughters prompted widespread anger.
Elizabeth Lauten, spokeswoman for Republican Congressman Stephen Fincher of Tennessee, wrote a scathing post to her Facebook account scolding Malia and Sasha Obama, 16 and 13, for looking bored while attending a public event with their father on Wednesday.
In the post, since deleted but widely reproduced in screen grabs, Lauten tells the girls to "try showing a little class. At least respect the part you play."
The girls stood beside Obama -- looking vaguely bored -- as he issued the annual Thanksgiving turkey "pardon," saving two birds from the dinner table. The underwhelmed expressions of the teenaged sisters sparked mainly amused comment, but Lauten's remarks were notably more caustic.
"Then again, your mother and father don't respect their positions very much, or the nation for that matter," Lauten wrote in her post. "So I'm guessing you're coming up a little short in the 'good role model' department.
"Nevertheless, stretch yourself. Rise to the occasion. Act like being in the White House matters to you. "Dress like you deserve respect, not a spot at a bar," she added, apparently referring to the girls' short skirts.
The post quickly drew ire on Twitter and elsewhere, with many calling for Lauten to be fired, even after Lauten deleted it and posted an apology.
"After many hours of prayer, talking to my parents, and re-reading my words online I can see more clearly just how hurtful my words were," Lauten wrote on Facebook, also widely reproduced before she made her page private.
"I'd like to apologize to all of those who I have hurt and offended with my words, and I pledge to learn and grow (and I assure you I have) from this experience," she added.
Star Jones, a lawyer and television personality, was among those unimpressed. "I've seen tacky people...but rarely seen someone as tacky as # ElizabethLauten for slamming the children of the # POTUS," she tweeted.
Many directed their tweets to Lauten's boss, as the hashtag #FireElizabethLauten went viral. One commenter, whose username is Eclectic John, wrote: "@RepFincherTN08 There is nothing that excuses what  #ElizabethLauten posted re the children of our President. That's off limits. Fire her now."
The facebook post has now been deleted.

Modi government switching to capitalist economy: DMK leader M KStalinBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:05 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 5:48 pm
Taking a swipe at the economic policy of the Narendra Modi government, DMK leader M K Stalin on Sunday said the country is moving away from a mixed to a capitalist economy with corporate honchos appearing set to get a “bonanza of sorts” and the poor a “pittance”.
“It appears that the path towards capitalist economy is being refurbished, switching from a mixed economy under the Modi government,” MK Treasurer and former Tamil Nadu Deputy said Chief Minister Stalin in an interview in Chennai.
“We see indications of the poor being handed out a pittance and corporate honchos and huge investors appearing all set to receive a bonanza of sorts,” he said answering a question on his assessment of Modi government.
“In six months since Modi assumed office, he has spoken a lot, and so many announcements have been made,” he said adding the mark of the RSS like “Hindu Rashtra and Sanskrit,” have also begun to rear its head.
Asked if a generational change can be expected in the DMK similar to BJP which worked in Saffron party’s favour, he said, “it is not possible to categorically say if Modi’s success is due to a generational change, a jump over and above generations or a generational gap.”
In DMK, Stalin’s father Karunanidhi continues to be the party president though Stalin is the next in command. “As regards DMK, past, present and future generations join hands and work towards the goal unitedly,” he said indicating that Karunanidhi will continue to lead the party.
“I don’t think the BJP’s formula (of a generational change) will work in Tamil Nadu,” he said. Asked about the chances of the return of those who had either quit or were expelled from DMK, he said, “The party is always ready to embrace those who repent.” “All those who had quit or expelled were part of a huge family that is the DMK.”
While Stalin’s elder brother and former Union Minister M K Alagiri, and his supporters were expelled from the party in January this year, actress Kushboo quit the party in June and joined the Congress a few days ago.
On the possibility of an alliance with national parties like the BJP and Congress in the 2016 Assembly elections, Stalin said, “It is not possible to say that now, it is too early, the time is yet to ripen.” Asked if he would single-handedly lead the poll campaign like Modi, he said, “This comparison does not seem to be appropriate and our campaign will be guided by our party president Karunanidhi.”
Stalin, who virtually led the party’s campaign in the Lok Sabha polls, in which it drew a blank, said the “strategies for the 2016 polls were being forumlated in a phased manner.” The 61-year-old leader, who is touring the state meeting DMK workers to strengthen the party ahead of polls, said “the partymen are in an upbeat mood.”
The DMK lost power in 2011 and could not even win a single seat in the Lok Sabha elections. However, DMK continues to have a strong continued…

Sebi Asks Kolkata-Based Firm to Refund Rs 595 Crore With InterestThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Phillip Hughes tragedy: The cricket at the Gabba wont be played with the usual intensity  says IanChappellBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:42 pm
 Phillip Hughes’ death after being hit by a bouncer has left Ian Chappell shocked like most of the cricket world and the former Australian captain feels his country’s pacers would find it tough to use the short-pitched delivery in the upcoming Test series against India.
“It’s only natural for a bowler to be hesitant when unleashing a short-pitched delivery with the ghastly reminder of the consequences of bad luck still fresh in the memory.
This hesitancy will affect the Australian fast bowlers more than the Indian attack,” Chappell wrote in ‘ESPNCricinfo’.
“The bouncer was expected to be a prime weapon of an Australian attack better equipped to dish out intimidating deliveries. With no bowler wanting to hit a batsman in these circumstances, this will have a greater effect on the Australian attack,” he said.
Chappell said the players will have to nonetheless get on with the job. The series has already seen some rescheduling due to the tragedy with the first Test — originally planned from December 4 — postponed to allow the grieving players to attend Hughes’ funeral on December 3.
“The cricket at the Gabba won’t be played with the usual intensity but it will probably be the best therapy for all the players. The bouncers won’t stop. They will still be unleashed to put some doubt in the batsman’s mind. However, I doubt they will be delivered with the same venom in the immediate aftermath of the SCG calamity,” Chappell said.
Meanwhile, former Australian pacer Geoff Lawson said he is not in favour of the bouncers being banned altogether, insisting that the focus should be on providing adequate security gear to batsmen.
“I vaguely went through some numbers in my mind for how many games of cricket are played every Saturday around Australia and I had a random figure of 10,000,” Lawson, who was at the Sydney Cricket Ground when the tragedy occurred, was quoted saying by ‘Sydney Morning Herald’.
“There’s about a million balls, maybe more, bowled every Saturday in Australia, there might be 50,000 bouncers bowled every Saturday in Australia. You do the numbers and the one that caused the death…and it is so terrible…you don’t want a knee-jerk reaction and make rules for exceptions,” he said.
Chappell echoed the sentiment and said Hughes was terribly unlucky to have lost his life after being hit at the back of his head during a domestic game earlier this week.
“There will be calls for the bouncer to be banned and for helmets to be improved. The bouncer will remain an integral part of the game and evolution will see an improvement in helmets, but injuries will continue to occur. Hopefully not of the magnitude of Hughes’ freak accident, continued…

Harikrishna crushes Socko; Gupta heldDoha (Qatar), November 30, 2014
Updated: November 30, 2014 13:53 IST
Harikrishna crushes Socko; Gupta held
PTI
Grandmaster P. Harikrishna. File photo
TOPICS
chess
P Harikrishna, the highest rated Indian in fray, crashed through the defences of Polish Grandmaster Bartosz Socko while Abhijeet Gupta played out a hard-fought draw with French Grandmaster Matthieu Cornette in the fourth round of Qatar Masters International Open Chess tournament now underway in Doha.
Losing the third round to Mikhailo Oleksienko of Ukraine, Harikrishna bounced back in style and outwitted Socko out of a King’s Indian defense game where the Indian played white.
Socko went for the thematic central breakthrough in the centre but soon realised that white had too much counter play on the queen side.
Harikrishna was at his technical best in the middle game after the queens got traded and exerted pressure in copy-book fashion to win a pawn.
The Bishop pair caused further damage thereon and the Indian, aided by a couple of passed pawns, registered an emphatic victory in 45 moves to jump to three points out of a possible four.
On what turned out to be a tough day for him, Abhijeet Gupta had to sweat before he could get a draw with Matthieu Cornette. The English opening gave Cornette a slightly better endgame and following an error Gupta found himself pushed to the wall.
However, a timely exchange salvaged the day as Gupta converted to a level Bishop and pawns endgame. The draw was agreed to in 53 moves.
Meanwhile, Anish Giri made short work of Oleksienko on the top board to emerge as the sole leader on four points from as many games. Up against a Caro Kann, Giri won in a mere 18 moves with a crushing attack and is now followed by five players on 3.5 points apiece.
Harikrishna and Gupta are among those who have three points each sharing the seventh spot in the strongest open of the world and these two are currently the best performing Indians in the fray. There are five rounds still remaining.
The best result by an Indian in the fourth round, however, came on a much lower board. International Master Shardul Gagare almost ended the comeback hopes of highly rated and ninth seed Arkadij Naiditsch of Germany.
Gagare with the victory increased his chances of a GM norm moving back to 50 per cent while Naiditsch remained on one point.
Among other Indians in the fray, Surya Shekhar Ganguly was impressive in his victory over compatriot D Harika.
Ganguly took his tally to 2.5 points with his second win in the tournament and the Indian can hope to do a catch up act if he does well in the next two rounds.
Young International Masters Rishi Sardana and Aravindh Chithambaram also did well in this round holding Sandipan Chanda and Alexander Rakhmanov of Russia respectively.
Important and Indian results round 4 (Indians unless specified): Anish Giri (Ned, 4) beat Mikhailo Oleksienko (Ukr, 3); Evgeny Tomashevsky (Rus, 3.5) drew with Nils Grandelius (Swe, 3.5); Daniil Dubov (Rus, 2.5) lost to Shakhriyar Mamedyarov (Aze, 3.5); Maxime Vachier—Lagrave (Fra, 3) drew with Andrei Volokitin (Ukr, 3); Pavel Eljanov (Ukr, 3.5) beat Ivan Salgado Lopez (Esp, 2.5); Yuriy Kryvoruchko (Ukr, 3.5) beat Daniel Naroditsky (Usa, 2.5); Matthieu Cornette (Fra, 3) drew with Abhijeet Gupta (3); P Harikrishna (3) beat Bartosz Socko (Pol, 2); Ankit Rajpara (2) drew with Yuriy Kuzubov (Ukr, 2); Aravindh Chithambaram (2) drew with Alexander Rakhmanov (Rus, 2); Neelotpal Das (1.5) lost to Dariusz Swiercz (Pol, 2.5); Surya Shekhar Ganguly (2.5) beat D Harika (2.5); Rishi Sardana (2) drew with Sandipan Chanda (2); G N Gopal (2) drew with Gunay Mammadzada (Aze, 2); S Vijayalakshmi (2) drew with Hovhannes Gabuzyan (Arm, 2); Shardul Gagare (2) beat Arkadij Naiditsch (Ger, 1); B Adhiban (2) beat Noel Studer (Sui, 1); Mary Ann Gomes (1.5) drew with Elina Danielian (Arm, 1.5); Wang Jue (Chn, 1) lost to Debashis Das (2); P Konguvel (2) beat M Shyam Sundar (1); Ticia Gara (Hun, 1) lost to M S Thejkumar (2); Lidia Tomashevskaya Rus, 1.5) drew with S Kidambi (1.5); Sameer Kathmale (1.5) drew with Alexander Seyb (Ger, 1.5); Zhai Mo (Chn, 0) lost to Murali Karthikeyan (1); Sayantan Das (1) beat Markus Lammers (Ger, 0).

Trauma centres: How public healthcare in India has failed peopleComments
The 100-bed KD district hospital in Kanker, Chhattisgarh, is the lifeline for more than 7.5 lakh people, most of them poor tribals. More often than not, the lifeline fails them.
Last week, Dhaniram, 34, lost his 18-month-old daughter because she did not receive a life-saving blood transfusion in time.
"We found the blood bank locked. By the time the attendant arrived late in the evening and we found a donor to replace the transfused units, my baby was gone," says Dhaniram, a small farmer who had travelled 40 km to try and save his child.
Dr RC Thakur, civil surgeon at Kanker, says the hospital doesn't have dedicated staff for the blood bank. "We did all we could. The baby had critically low haemoglobin and at least an hour is needed to arrange and match blood groups before transfusing," he says.
Patients say there are more pigs and monkeys in the hospital than staff. To treat 350 to 400 patients a day, there are four specialists against the sanctioned 12, and 20 nurses against the approved 40. Add to that approved leave and unapproved absenteeism - doctors are routinely an hour or more late for their OPDs - and patient care becomes a casualty.
The challenges faced by this district hospital - infrastructure, equipment and staff shortages - are nearly identical to those in government-run hospitals in numerous other states.
NOT ENOUGH BEDS
India has less than 20,000 hospitals and 6.28 lakh beds for a population of 1.21 billion; only a third of these are in rural areas. Even state capitals face a dearth.
Patna Medical College Hospital (PMCH) has 1,675 beds. Its 100-bed Emergency ward has an occupancy of 194%. This means that on almost all days, each Emergency bed is being shared - or, for almost every patient in a bed, there's another being treated on the floor.
In the neonatal ICU, there are only 19 beds for an average patient load of nearly 200 newborns a month. Two to three babies often share a cot. Against 1,285 sanctioned posts, there are 865 nurses, so relatives of patients are asked to double as nurses, collecting prescriptions and feeding medicines to patients themselves.
In a state where power supply is intermittent, operation and delivery rooms have no uninterrupted power backup, which means critical surgeries and procedures are interrupted for precious minutes until generators are turned on.
In Kolkata, Bhutnath Das, 64, is treated on the floor of the cardiology department at SSKM Medical College and Hospital, eastern India's premier state-run post-graduate medical research institute. His legs are tied to a bed near him and he's being fed intravenously from a saline bottle hanging from a window grille.
SSKM needs at least 2,200 beds to meet the current patient load, but has 1,700. Patients have to wait seven to 10 days to get reports of simple blood or urine tests, while the wait for mechanised tests such as an echo-cardiography to screen for heart problems is at least six months. The reason: shortage of laboratory technicians, Group D staff and high-end equipment.
POOR INFECTION CONTROL
Overcrowding and infrastructure shortfalls affect quality control the most. In Patna Medical College Hospital, for instance, carbolisation (a disinfection procedure) of cots and equipment is not done at all, not even in ICUs or operation theatres (OTs). Nor is microbial monitoring of asepsis (to prevent infection) done on the OTs, wards and mattresses, which is mandatory in all hospitals.
There is also no surveillance mechanism for hospital-acquired infection, with mandatory gowns, masks and shoe-covers not provided to visitors, who appear to have unrestricted access to OTs and ICUs.
Doctors at Dufferin Hospital, the biggest hospital for women in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, say that they don't trust the quality of medicines available either. "Often, we are accused of prescribing medicines from outside. Substandard quality is the reason," says a senior doctor, on condition of anonymity.
At east Delhi's Guru Tegh Bahadur (GTB) Hospital, one of the local government's biggest, with 1,000 beds and an average daily footfall of 4,000 patients, the Emergency OT has remained shut for two years, ever since it was destroyed by a fire. As a result, 20 to 22 surgeries are done in three makeshift OTs each day, raising the risk of infection.
"We are closely monitoring the construction work and expect it to be completed in a couple of months," says medical superintendant Dr B K Jain.
SLOPPY PLANNING
What's plaguing hospitals is not budget shortfalls, but poor planning. Mamata Banerjee's government is pumping crores into a cosmetic face lift for SSKM, with automatic doors and prettified seating areas, but little attention is being paid to improving medical services, adding beds, upgrading laboratories or acquiring lifesaving equipment. In Delhi's GTB Hospital, patients are asked to buy essentials such as surgical sutures, gauze, blood vials and pads for dressing because the hospital often runs out.
Delhi's GTB superintendent blames the long winded drug-procurement process for the shortfalls.
Clearly, healthcare management needs to get more efficient. Under the Centre's brand new National Health Assurance Mission, the Modi government has promised more than 50 free drugs, a dozen diagnostic tests and insurance cover to treat critical illnesses to India's 1.21-billion population. The first phase of the Rs. 160,000-crore programme will roll out in April, but for it to work, healthcare delivery has to work on the ground.
Advertisement
IN MUMBAI: OVERCROWDED, UNDERSTAFFED
An old woman lying on a stretcher, wearing an oxygen mask, sobs in the middle of the entrance podium at KEM Hospital, Mumbai. "Don't cry or you'll have a bigger heart attack," says a young doctor attending to her.
A few feet away, a shrivelled, motionless woman is being carried to an examination room. The corridors are narrow and crowded with patients and their families; it takes three tries before the two ward boys are able to manoeuvre her stretcher through the doorway.
With a monthly footfall of over 50,000 and around 6,600 in-patients, King Edward Memorial (KEM) is the busiest hospital in Mumbai, catering to the sick from across the state and beyond. With just 1,800 beds, it treated about 6 lakh people in 20013-14, according to NGO Praja Foundation's data.
The hospital, which boasts among the best surgeons and doctors in India, is unclean, bathrooms filthy, and the wards dingy and overcrowded. People wait their turn lying on stretchers in the corridors outside Emergency, and it's not unusual to see in-patients allotted thin mattresses on the floor or under beds in the general wards.
Getting admitted can take hours, as can being discharged. "It took me two hours to get my friend registered and admitted. He has a bladder infection, but what if he had been critical?" says Tukaram Bhise*, a farmer from Maharashtra's Dhule district.
"Due to overcrowding at KEM, there is a considerable gap between the demands and expectations of the patients and the available infrastructure," says hospital dean Dr S Parkar. "Crowd management is also a problem. Dealing with a large number of patients and three to five times more relatives is challenging."
"It is a telling statement on the state of public healthcare in India that KEM is still one of the better government-run hospitals. It has incubators, for instance; an incinerator for medical waste; and rarely runs out of essential drugs. There is uninterrupted power and water supply. These things cannot be said of a large number of civic and government-run hospitals in the country," said Milind Mhaske, project coordinator at NGO Praja, which works to promote good governance in Mumbai.
Riddhi Doshi

Ferguson shooting: Officer who fired at Michael Brown resignsOfficer Darren Wilson in a evidence photo from the Ferguson Police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, released by the St. Louis County Prosecutor's Office. (Reuters photo)
The Ferguson police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown has resigned.
Darren Wilson, who had been on administrative leave since the August 9 shooting, resigned effective immediately, according to his lawyer, Neil Bruntrager, who declined further comment Saturday. An attorney for Brown's family didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
More than 100 protesters gathered near police headquarters, where they were outnumbered by officers, following the news. At least one person was arrested after a brief standoff, but many seemed unfazed by the resignation. Several shrugged.
"We were not after Wilson's job," civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton added later in a written statement. "We were after Michael Brown's justice."
Brown, who was black, was unarmed when Wilson, who is white, fatally shot him in the middle of a Ferguson street, where his body was left for several hours as police investigated and angry onlookers gathered.
A protester holds up a sign while demonstrating against Brown's shooting, outside of Macy's in Herald Square during the Black Friday shopping day in New York on Friday. (Reuters photo)
Some witnesses have said Brown had his hands up when Wilson shot him. Wilson told a grand jury that he feared for his life when Brown hit him and reached for his gun. The grand jury later decided not to indict him.
For some Americans on opposite sides of a national debate, Brown has now become a symbol , epitomising their polarised views on who bears the blame for the toll of young black men killed by police officers.
Brown was a gentle giant, in one version. A defiant troublemaker, in another.
Yet as more details of the 18-year-old's life and death emerge, his legacy in the eyes of many is more nuanced, reflecting the ups and downs and challenges faced by many young Americans. New protests - sometimes violent - erupted around the country this week after a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson who shot the unarmed Brown.
Wilson, who had been with the Ferguson Police Department for less than three years, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch he decided to step down after the department told him it had received threats of violence if he remained on the force.
"I'm not willing to let someone else get hurt because of me," Wilson told the newspaper.
Ferguson officials planned to make a statement on Wilson's resignation Sunday, said Stephanie Karr, city attorney for Ferguson. Karr earlier this week said Wilson had been on paid leave pending the outcome of an internal police investigation.
The US Justice Department is conducting a civil rights investigation into the shooting and a separate investigation of police department practices.
In the days after the shooting, tense and sometimes violent protests occurred in and around Ferguson, a predominantly black community patrolled by a mostly white police force. Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called in the National Guard to help.
On Monday night, when prosecutors announced that the grand jury declined to indict Wilson, the St. Louis suburb of 20,000 residents was ravaged by looting and violence. By Tuesday, Nixon had sent more than 2,200 National Guard members to the area.
Though protests calmed significantly, more than 100 people have been arrested since Monday.
Demonstrations, which also have been held other US cities, were expected to continue.
A woman lies in the street during a demonstration against the grand jury's decision in the Ferguson shooting of Michael Brown, in Los Angeles on Friday. (Reuters photo)

Sleuths doubt Kalyan youth s motive  say IS gave Majeed $2 000Sleuths doubt motive of Kalyan youth recruited by IS
Rajesh Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 30, 2014
First Published: 01:23 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:18 IST(30/11/2014)
Areeb Majeed, the arrested Mumbai student-turned-Islamic State (IS) fighter, was given $2,000 by the terrorist group to get himself treated after being injured in combat, counter-terror sources involved in his interrogation told HT.
 
“We have reason to suspect what Majeed has told us so far. Not only was he given money by IS fighters, he was allowed to leave territory controlled by them. It is quite possible he may have contacted his father on their instructions. We need to verify and re-verify all his claims. That’s why the NIA was allowed to register a case against him,” said a central counter-terror officer requesting anonymity.
 
The officer added that it was also possible that he may have been given a task in India by IS.
Facebook page that appears to have been set up by Areeb Majeed.
A day after he was flown home from Turkey by NIA and intelligence officials, Majeed, 22, was produced in a Mumbai court on Saturday and remanded in the National Investigation Agency’s custody till December 8. He has been booked under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (conspiring and preparing for terror activities) and section 125 of the Indian Penal Code (waging war against an Asiatic power that is in alliance with the Indian government).
“Majeed has told his interrogators the IS does all its recruitment online. Its spotters visit jihadi websites and contact possible candidates through social media. That was how he was spotted,” said another officer.
Majeed travelled with three friends — Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Sheikh and Aman Tandel, all from Maharashtra’s Kalyan town — to Iraq in May on the pretext of a pilgrimage and was taken to the IS stronghold of al-Raqqa, the officer said. All four were trained in handling weapons like AK-47 and explosives.
 
“During combat, he was shot in the chest while a second bullet grazed him. When a medical facility where he was being treated was destroyed in an air raid, he crossed over to Turkey with other IS cadre,” the official said.
Majeed then got in touch with his father, saying he wanted to come back. He landed in Mumbai on Friday under NIA escort. Maharashtra Police sources said he was still highly indoctrinated and had told his interrogators that he believed the IS’ actions were justified.
 
Based on his interrogation, the NIA is also looking into a travel firm that facilitated the four men’s trip, agency sources said, adding that the firm — with a presence in many Indian cities — helped with visa arrangements. NIA prosecutor Geeta Godambe said the agency wanted to unearth the entire conspiracy.
 
In court, Majeed, dressed in a dark brown Pathan suit, was asked by the judge why he had not hired a lawyer. “I was in NIA custody and didn’t get the time to hire a lawyer,” he answered.
 
Addressing a conference of police chiefs from across the country in the Assamese capital, Union home minister Rajnath Singh touched on the threat from IS, saying, “Some Indian youths have been attracted to IS. We cannot take it lightly.”
(Inputs from HTC Mumbai)

Government to go ahead with land swapping agreement with Bangladesh: PM NarendraModiWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:06 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:28 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday announced that his government would not compromise on national security and utilise land transfer agreement with Bangladesh in a manner that it serves the long-term security interests of the state. It might seem to be an immediate loss to Assam, but the state would benefit in the long run, Modi, allaying apprehensions over the Indo-Bangla land swap deal, said.
“The government will utilise the India-Bangla land transfer agreement to seal all routes across the international border through which illegal Bangladeshi migrants have been entering Assam and creating havoc in the state,” he said.
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers here at the end of his two-day hectic trip to Assam, Modi also claimed that his government has been able to convert development into a national agenda prompting all other parties to push issues like caste, creed, religion and language to the back.
BJP workers attend the party rally in Guwahati on Sunday. (Express photo by DASARATH DEKA)
Asking the people of Assam to have faith in him, Modi said, “There will be no compromise on Assam’s security.” He also promised to fulfil the promises he had made to the people of Assam during Lok Sabha elections. “I know the sentiments of the people of Assam. We will always protect the interests of Assam and the country, he said. Modi however did not make any commitment on the Bangladeshi influx issue and carefully avoided recalling his announcemebt during the election campaign in April that Bangladeshi migrants would have to pack up afte May 16.
He however issued a stern warning to forces trying to harm the interests of Assam and the Northeast region and said that law would not spare them now. “Such forces should know that the government has changed in Delhi and the law will not spare them now,” he said. The development of the entire northeast region including Assam was a priority of his government, Modi added.
The Prime Minister also claimed that the BJP has compelled all other political parties to make development the prime issue instead of issues like caste, creed and region. “We have turned the issue of development into everybody’s agenda across the country,” he said. The country, Modi claimed, has seen performance and agenda of the government run by all others parties including the Congress, the Left parties, regional parties and coalitions and they have now seen the BJP-led government at the Centre.

Afghanistan: Kabul attack kills three foreignersBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:54 pm
An Afghan official says three South African nationals and one Afghan were killed in an attack on a guesthouse in the capital Kabul, revising the original toll up from one foreigner.
The chief of Kabul police, Gen. Mohammed Zahir, said Sunday that the head of an international aid group was killed, along with his son and daughter, in the attack the day before.
He gave no ages for the children, and did not identify the organization. Zahir said one of the three attackers wore a police uniform.
The attack was the second in as many days on guesthouses occupied by foreigners, and comes amid a spike in violence in the Afghan capital. The U.S. and NATO formally end their 13-year combat mission in Afghanistan on December 31.

Govt to go ahead with land swapping agreement: Modiinternational relations
Land swap pact with Dhaka will be the solution, says the Prime Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday announced that his government would utilise the land transfer agreement with Bangladesh in a manner that might seem to be an immediate loss to Assam but serve the security interests of the State in the long term.
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party workers at the Sarusajai Stadium here, Mr. Modi said his government would utilise the agreement to seal all routes across the international border through which “illegal” Bangladeshi immigrants had been entering Assam and creating havoc in the State.
“There will be no compromise on security,” he said. “I know the sentiments of the people. We will always protect the interests of Assam and the country.”
CM stand
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has been critical of both the BJP and the Asom Gana Parishad for opposing the land swap deal signed by the previous United Progressive Alliance government with Bangladesh.
He has maintained that Assam will not lose land as projected by the two parties.
Mr. Modi, in his speech, warned the forces trying to harm the interests of Assam and the northeast. “Such forces should know that the government has changed in Delhi and the law will not spare them now,” he said. “The development of the entire northeast region, including Assam, is a priority for his government.”
The BJP, he said, had compelled all political parties to make development the prime issue instead of issues of caste and region. “We have turned the issue of development into an agenda of the country.”
Jan Dhan Yojana
Mr. Modi said his government had directed banks to serve the interests of the poor people under the Jan Dhan Yojana.
Over the past six decades, only one crore bank accounts were opened each year. Now, under the new scheme, one crore bank accounts were being opened every week.

Mahila Bank confident of growing into a strong brand  says CMDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Was Majeed Going to Carry out Terrorist Act in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Maybe but it looks set to plunge from this levelCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Guess u meant 50 rs..!Gold Member
20 Followers
u triggered uc by predicting level of 5 congrats ! had marked your words in morepen ink but the uc forced me 2 erase the mark with white ink !

Thinking to invest in indosolar..779 Followers
Switzerland`s Meyer Burger bets on Indian solar energy sector - - - -- $$$$$
Meyer Burger is a photovoltaic technology supplier and offers manufacturing processes for wafers, solar cells and solar modules - - - - -$$$$$
Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  November 30, 2014 Last Updated at 11:45 IST - - - - -$$$$$
Buoyed by Narendra Modi-led government`s thrust on renewable energy, Swiss technology major Meyer Burger expects to tap opportunities worth billions of dollars in the Indian solar market.
Meyer Burger is a photovoltaic technology supplier and offers manufacturing processes for wafers, solar cells and solar modules, among others.
"We are very bullish and are really committed to the Indian market.. (We want to) enable the Indian market to produce own PV modules," Meyer Burger Technology AG CEO Peter Pauli told PTI.
In India, the group focuses on solar technology and product solutions along the photovoltaic value chain.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government has unveiled ambitious plans for the renewable energy sector and is looking to have 1,00,000 MW solar power generation capacity by 2022.
When asked whether the company is eyeing opportunities worth billions of dollars in the Indian solar market, Pauli replied in the affirmative.
Specific investment details were not disclosed.
"India has a big chance to make a change in its energy mix and to (make) the right decisions. I think with the new government you have the best ground to develop them," Pauli said.
In India, the company, in due course, would look at locally sourcing some percentage of content required for its technology solutions, he added.
According to him, the ground situation is changing with increasing fab utilisation being seen in recent times.
"The ground situation has changed and that you can see from the fab utilisation by existing players, a small community. They have seen 30-40% utilisation in the last few years and now they are up to 70% utilisation," Pauli said.
In reply to : dagga jee message
7.03 PM Nov 30th

Conciuus  i can only vouch that they are well on their way to becoming...Platinum Member
121 Followers
Unfortunately one cannot do that especially in the same sector (PSU Banks). How do u know the runup has not already happened in SBI or Canara? If one wants to get out of this sector, look at stuff that has not run up, like Ambuja Cements, or IDFC (it is going to be a bank in 1 year). Unfortunately I have huge exposure to IDFC and so am not switching. And I also think that one good quarter will result in movement of Corp Bank from here to 420 odd.
In reply to : dhelaria message
3.00 PM Nov 29th

Just nine of 370 daily AI flights profitableBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: November 26, 2014 1:03 am | Updated: November 26, 2014 10:17 am
In what comes as a major setback to Air India’s (AI) government-mandated turnaround plan, minister of state for civil aviation Mahesh Sharma told Parliament on Tuesday that only 9 out of 370 daily flights of the flag carrier are currently profitable. Of the 120 international flights, only 3 make money, while on the domestic, front 6 break even.
This assertion, which is in the form of a written reply to the Lok Sabha, is a stark contrast to recent claims by the AI management that performance is improving across several operational parameters such as passenger load factors and yields. AI officials have said that two-thirds of its flights now meet variable costs like fuel and other airport charges.
These costs, however, do not include interest costs and staff salaries. The routes AI makes money on are Delhi-Leh, Delhi-Kolkata, Leh-Jammu, Delhi-Srinagar, Srinagar-Leh and Delhi-Hyderabad-Vijayawada. While most of these routes see limited competition, this also means that the carrier is making losses on Delhi-Mumbai route. Delhi and Mumbai airports account for about 60 per cent of all national air traffic. The three international routes registering profits are Cochin-Kozhikode-Jeddah, Kozhikode-Sharjah and Kolkata-Yangon. FE

Hearst s Historic Penthouse Hits the Market
Gold falls for fourth day  down Rs 110 on globalcuesContinued its falling streak for the fourth straight day, gold prices drifted by Rs 110 to Rs 26,670 per ten gram at the bullion market in the national capital today, tracking a weakening global trend.
Silver also remained under selling pressure and traded lower by Rs 550 to Rs 36,200 per kg.
Traders said besides subdued demand from jewellers, a weak trend overseas amid falling global crude oil prices — reducing demand for an inflation hedge — mainly weighed on gold prices here.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.9 per cent to USD 1,181.84 an ounce and silver by 1.2 per cent to USD 16.05 an ounce, the lowest since November 20.
In addition, shifting of funds towards record-breaking domestic equity market, further dampened the sentiment.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity lost another Rs 110 each to Rs 26,670 and Rs 26,470 per ten gram respectively. The precious metal prices have fallen by Rs 150 in the past three days.
Sovereign also declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In overall weak trend, silver ready moved down by Rs 550 to Rs 36,200 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 450 to Rs 35,610 per kg.
Silver coins remained under pressure and slumped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold Rate Silver Rate
More from commodities
Oil drops to near $59 for first time since 2009 Oil fell to close to $59 a barrel for the first time since May 2009 on Tuesday, extending a six-month selloff...

Drug to reduce side-effects of  binge drinking  developedSkipping meals makes kids obese: Study
Scientists have developed and tested a drug that could reduce the harmful side-effects of binge drinking.
Professor Mike Page at the University of Huddersfield in the UK and colleagues developed a compound named ethane-beta-sultam.
This is a taurine ‘pro-drug’ – an effective form of medication that easily enters the blood stream before it is processed by the body into its active form.
It is difficult for drugs to get into the brain because of the ‘blood-brain barrier’, the natural defence mechanism that protects the brain, but which also presents a formidable obstacle to the medicinal treatment of neurological illness.
An international team of researchers discovered that when ethane-beta-sultam is administered to rats on a ‘binge drinking’ regime, it reduces the brain cell loss and inflammation that normally result from bouts of heavy binge drinking, leading to symptoms such as decreased memory.
These effects can cause long-term damage, particularly to teenagers, whose brains are still in the process of development.
It has been shown how brain functions are impaired by alcohol and this is accompanied by inflammation and loss of cells in the brain.
However, the effects were reduced or returned to normal in the rats that also received the new compound ethane-beta-sultam.
“One of things that alcohol does is to destroy some of the brain cells which are important for navigation and orientation. But a combination of alcohol and our compound could overcome this damage,” said Page.
He explained that the brain protects itself using ‘glial cells’, which are increased when exposed to alcohol in a binge-drinking regime.
“But a combination of our ethane-beta-sultam given at the same time as the alcohol decreased these levels of glial cells,” he said.
TAGS: Health News
More from health
Two-minute delay in cutting umbilical cord good for babies Delaying the cutting of the umbilical cord in newborns by two minutes leads to better development of the baby during the first days of life...

Top Frames: Best images from the week gone bypicture  others
Top Frames: Best images from the week gone by
Nineteen-year-old Shaban Bukhari, son of Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari, has been formally announced as the 14th Shahi Imam of Delhi Jama Masjid in New Delhi on November 22, 2014. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Participants on the start line during the Airtel Delhi half marathon in New Delhi on November 23, 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Parliament on the first day of the winter session in New Delhi on November 24. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
PM Modi arrives along with ministers Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Venkiah Naidu and Rajeev Pratap Rudy at the parliament on the first day of the winter session in New Delhi on November 24. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
PM Modi with ministers Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Venkiah Naidu and Rajeev Pratap Rudy at the parliament. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi at the last rites of Murli Deora at the Congress Office in New Delhi on November 24. (Source: Express photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
A police car is set on fire after a group of protesters vandalize the vehicle after the announcement of the grand jury decision Monday, November 24, 2014, in Ferguson. A grand jury has decided not to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in the death of Michael Brown, the unarmed, black 18-year-old whose fatal shooting sparked sometimes violent protests. (Source: AP)
A protester holding a flare runs on Highway 580 during a demonstration following the grand jury decision in the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown, in Oakland, California November 24, 2014. Missouri police officer Darren Wilson has not been charged for the fatal August shooting of the unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, an incident that set off weeks of sometimes violent protests around the St. Louis area, a county prosecutor said on Monday. The grand jury found there was no probable cause to charge Wilson, who is white, with any crime for the shooting of 18-year-old Brown, an incident that highlighted longstanding racial tensions in the predominantly black city, which has a white-dominated power structure. (Source: Reuters)
A man raises his arms in front of a burning police vehicle after a grand jury returned no indictment in the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, November 24, 2014. Gunshots were heard and bottles were thrown as anger rippled through a crowd outside the Ferguson Police Department in suburban St. Louis after authorities on Monday announced that a grand jury voted not to indict a white officer in the August shooting death of an unarmed black teen. (Source: Reuters)
Congress President Sonia Gandhi waiting for Former PM Manmohan Singh during the CWC meeting at her residence in the Capital on November 25. (Source: Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
Kashmiri Muslims outside the polling station as they wait to cast their vote in Ganderbal on November 25. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Women outside the polling station on November 25. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Police officers advance on demonstrators during a demonstration following the grand jury decision in the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown, in Oakland, California November 25, 2014. The grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager. (Source: Reuters)
A demonstrator sits in front of a street fire during a demonstration following the grand jury decision in the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown, in Oakland, California November 25, 2014. The grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager. (Source: Reuters)
Police officers look over the site of a building that was burned in riots the previous night in Ferguson, Missouri November 25, 2014. The St. Louis area braced for another day of protests on Tuesday after a grand jury cleared a white police officer in the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager, sparking a night of violent and racially charged rioting. (Source: Reuters)
A woman wears a U.S. flag in front of her face during a rally near the Los Angeles Police Department headquarters in downtown Los Angeles on Tuesday, Nov. 25, 2014. People protesting the Ferguson Mo., grand jury decision took to the streets in cities across the U.S. for the second day. (Source: AP)
Police officers advance on demonstrators during a demonstration following the grand jury decision in the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown, in Oakland, California November 25, 2014. The grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager. (Source: Reuters)
Vehicles at a car dealership are set afire in Ferguson, Missouri early morning November 25, 2014.  Gunshots rang out and buildings burned in a Midwestern suburb after a grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager, sparking a fresh wave of racially tinged violence. At least a dozen buildings were set on fire in Ferguson, Missouri, most of them left destroyed. (Source: Reuters)
A resident, lying shirtless, keeps warm as another approaches the blazing skeleton of Juanita's Fashions R Boutique after it was burned to the ground in Ferguson, Missouri early morning November 25, 2014.  Gunshots rang out and buildings burned in a Midwestern suburb after a grand jury decided on Monday not to indict a white police officer over the fatal August shooting of an unarmed black teenager, sparking a fresh wave of racially tinged violence. At least a dozen buildings were set on fire in Ferguson, Missouri, most of them left destroyed. (Source: Reuters)
A protester has help washing his eyes out after being pepper sprayed during a second night of protests in Ferguson, Missouri November 26, 2014. Aiming to head off new looting and rioting, Missouri's governor on Tuesday ordered National Guard reinforcements into the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following overnight violence ignited by the clearing of a white police officer in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager. (Source: Reuters)
Police arrest protesters in Los Angeles, California, following Monday's grand jury decision in the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, November 26, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif walks past his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi (foreground) during the opening session of 18th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit in Kathmandu November 26, 2014. South Asian leaders from Afghanistan to the Maldives met in Kathmandu on Wednesday for a summit that was undermined by traditional bickering between rivals Pakistan and India. (Source: Reuters)
Related

RBI scraps 80:20 gold import curbs; price may come downNov 28, 2014, 10.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RBI scraps 80:20 gold import curbs; price may come down
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, at least 20 percent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI scraps 80:20 gold import curbs; price may come down
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, at least 20 percent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots.
Post your opinion here
 
Easing restrictions on gold imports, the Reserve Bank today scrapped the controversial 80:20 scheme, a move which the industry believes will bring down prices of the precious metal.
Under the 80:20 norm, put in place in August 2013 to curb high gold inflows that was widening the current account deficit, at least 20 percent of the imported gold had to be mandatorily exported before bringing in new lots. The surprise move comes a time when the industry was actually expecting more curbs imports of gold which is seen as an unproductive asset attracting household savings away from the financial markets.
"It has been decided by the Government of India to withdraw the 20:80 scheme and restrictions placed on import of gold. Accordingly, all instructions issued about the scheme from time to time...stand withdrawn with immediate effect," the RBI said in a notification.
Gold imports jumped 280 percent to USD 4.17 billion in October, as per the latest trade data. The in-bound shipments touched 95 tonnes in September this year as against 12 tonnes a year ago. There were apprehensions in the market that government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may clamp more restrictions to curb the rising gold imports.
"We believe the move (to scrap 80:20) will do away with the distortions and calm the market which was anticipating some curbs to restrict gold imports," an official said, adding this would help reduce imports. "This scheme was totally impractical as it was promoting monoplistic business practices. After scrapping of this scheme, gold prices may come down as there is dip in overall demand in global markets, crude prices are already down and now importers will also charge less premium on import of gold," All India Gems and Jewellery Federation Chairman Haresh Soni told PTI.
Sources said the 80:20 scheme was initially seen as "working" as gold imports had slowed, but the shipments surged after certain relaxations were given by then UPA government in its last days. The norms were relaxed in in May and six private sector trading firms were permitted to import the gold under the 80:20 scheme. Initially, only state-owned firms and banks were permitted to import.
The six private firms, which were given relaxation, accounted for 40 percent of the total gold imports in April-September, sources said. 
RELATED NEWS

E-Visa Facility Will Encourage Businesses to Travel to IndiaNo Rollback of Excise Duty Hike on Diesel, Petrol: Finance Ministry
Melbourne: Indian government's decision to offer e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations will encourage more businesses to travel to the country and spur growth, Australia India Business Council has said.
"This certainly is a great initiative as it will encourage many more businesses to travel more readily to India which will in the long run contribute to a stronger Australia- India business & trade relationship," AIBC national vice chair Sheba Nandkeolyar said.
Welcoming the new Indian government's decision of offering e-visa facility to international tourists from 43 nations, including Australia, Nandkeolyar said the new move would contribute to "stronger business and trade ties between the two sides."
"We often receive desperate calls from Australian businessmen who request us to help them expedite their business visas to visit India for business purposes," she said.
"E-visas on arrival would make it much easier for businessmen to travel to India," Nandkeolyar said adding that AIBC is very pleased with the launch of this new initiative."
She said the new initiative would also open up medical tourism and spur tourist growth for India.
"Truly a very strong message to the world that India is getting rid of complicated ways and embracing more simplified and easier ways in keeping with today's lifestyle," Nandkeolyar said of the decision.
Earlier this week, the government announced the much-awaited electronic-visa system for visitors from 43 countries, including the US, Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan and Russia.
A tourist from these countries would now be able to apply for an e-visa through the designated website and pay the fee online to get an Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA) within 72 hours.
The facility will be available initially at nine airports -- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Kochi, Thiruvanthapuram, Hyderabad and Goa.
The addition of 43 countries is the first phase of the roll out and more countries will soon be added.
E-visa will be valid for 30 days and a tourist can avail the facility twice a year.
Prime Minsiter Narendra Modi on his recent visit to Australia also signed an agreement on promoting tourism with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott.
Pm Modi had further sought Australian investment in the tourism sector, especially cruise tourism.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 15:03 (IST)

Records tumble on Street as oil slipsSpiceJet shares continue to plunge; down 17 pct
The benchmark indices ended at record highs on Friday after the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided against cutting down their output to stem the current fall in Brent crude prices. The CNX Nifty touched the 8,600-mark for the first time, while the BSE benchmark Sensex ended 6th straight week in the green.
According to provisional data on the exchanges, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought shares worth $150.9 million, while the domestic institutional investors (DIIs) sold shares worth $70.85 million. In YTD, FIIs have bought shares worth $16.03 billion.
On Friday, the 30-share BSE Sensex ended higher by 255.08 points or 0.9% to 28,693.99 points, while the broader 50-share Nifty ended 94.05 points or 1.1% higher to 8,588.25 points. On Thursday, OPEC members decided against cutting their output to curb the fall in crude prices. As per a Bloomberg report, OPEC hopes that the low prices will curtail  shale oil production from United States.
The likelihood of low crude prices in the coming days sparked a buying frenzy in certain pockets of the markets.
Among the oil-marketing companies, HPCL closed at its lifetime high, BPCL hit 52-week high while IOC ended 4.42% higher.
Shares of paint companies which use crude-oil derivatives for raw materials, gained 3-5%. Asian Paints closed at record-highs. Berger Paints ended 3.65% while shares of Kansai Nerolac Paints ended 1.1% higher. Among aviation stocks, Spice Jet and Jet Airways gained 18.36% and 20%, respectively.
The Brent crude was trading at a 4-year low of $73.02/barrel on Friday at 6.00 pm IST.
Meanwhile, shares of the oil & gas exploration and production company Cairn India fell 4.3% as lower crude prices would mean lower realisations for the company.
Bank stocks led the gains after the government’s plans to sell stake in state-run lenders and in anticipation of a rate-cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) next week. The Bank Nifty hit all-time high of 18,513.15, ending 2.7% higher. Among banking stocks, Punjab National Bank (7.9%), Canara Bank (7.7%), Bank of Baroda (7.2%) and Bank of India (5.4%) were the major gainers.
It was a positive week for the markets with the benchmark indices advancing in 4 out of 5 sessions and the BSE Sensex ending higher by 1.3%, or 359.36 points.
19 of the 30 Sensex stocks ended in the green on Friday. Howevever, in the broader market, breadth was weak with 1,548 stocks traded on the BSE ending lower compared with 1,481 advances. Most of the 12 BSE sectoral indices ended in the green. The BSE Bankex (2.9%), BSE Auto (1.9%) and BSE Realty (1.6%) were among the top gainers.
The NSE cash turnover on Friday stood at R21,126.67 crore, while turnover in the F&O segment stood at R1.57 lakh crore.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Jeff Koons at the Pompidou is inflated out of all proportionRefraction. The Image of Sense
A three-metre orange “Balloon Dog”, a painted stainless steel take on the inflatable canine twisted into being at children’s parties, sold last year for $58.4m, the record for a living artist. The Pompidou shows a magenta version, its flawless surfaces icily reflecting those of a giant blue “Moon” and red “Hanging Heart” from the same “Celebration” series, begun in 1994. All are loaned from a French collection – that of billionaire François Pinault.
Nevertheless, Paris is not Manhattan, and a key interest here is how Koons’s global brand comes up against history. As it happens, a landmark Duchamp show is running next door to Koons’s retrospective within the Pompidou, also home to Brancusi’s atelier. So the super-shiny “Rabbit”, a cast of an inflatable plastic bunny that in 1986 launched Koons’s entire metallic zoo, goes head-to-head with Brancusi’s streamlined, polished bird sculptures, which it parodies. Similarly, the pristine vacuum cleaners enclosed, virginal and inviolable, in Plexiglas, such as “New Hoover Convertible”, with their suggestive sucking orifices and inflated tubes – the series that made Koons’s name in 1980 – take their place as found-object descendants of Duchamp’s curvaceous “Fountain” and phallic-spiked “Bottle-rack”, and stand in relation too to his erotically chilly, unavailable Bride in “The Large Glass”.
©Jeff Koons/Gagosian Gallery
‘Rabbit’ (1986)
The context counts because Rothkopf proposes that “one could tell nearly the whole story of Koons’s art through the lens of the ready-made”. He begins in 1979 with actual inflatable toys mounted on mirrors and the gleaming “Toaster”, attached to a neon wall: clever fusions of minimalism – Smithson, Judd, Flavin – with post-pop glitz, which already demonstrate Koons’s flair for what Rothkopf calls “amplifying an object’s quiddity through a framing device even more puissant than a pedestal”.
For the rest of his career, Koons elaborated that gesture: exaggerating the aura of cheap, ordinary things, aggrandising them into works of art in increasingly expensive materials, and proffering them back to the one per cent as ultimate positional goods. This is the ready-made on capitalist steroids: Duchamp’s anti-market move of “Fountain” transformed at a stroke into commodity aesthetics.
The Pompidou unfolds the ironic drama of excess and simulation with which Koons, in the 1980s, developed successive series of hyper-realised, fake-fabricated found objects, each launched with advertising campaign-style posters: the stainless steel “Baccarat Crystal Set” and “Ice Bucket” from “Luxury and Degradation”; “Louis XIV”, copy of a copy of a royal bust from “Statuary”; the grotesquely enlarged dime-store ornaments of a pig ushered in by angels and “Bear and Policeman” from “Banality”.
©Jeff Koons/Gagosian Gallery
‘Hulk (Organ)’ (2004-14)
Did Koons learn, from a spell working as a Wall Street trader, to unfold these limited-edition trinkets as the latest commodities, escalating costs for the deluxe fabrication with each series like so many speculative ventures? Or did his instinct to sanctify the kitsch and cloying emerge from memories of his father’s home decor store, Henry J Koons Decorators, where, Rothkopf recounts, “he witnessed first-hand the power of merchandise to tell stories and seduce”.
Certainly, as this show progresses into the 21st century, it is clear that Koons’s summons to regression (“the highest state of being is acceptance”) depends on increasingly stale appeals to infantile taste. Trix Rabbit eyeing the sundae in “Loopy”, from the humdrum “Easyfun-Ethereal” photo­realist collages, or a polychrome aluminium “Lobster”, whose every crimp, seam and pucker reinforces the illusion of its weightless pool-toy model, evoke that prelapsarian childhood world, before discrimination set in.
©Jeff Koons/Gagosian Gallery
‘Loopy’ (1999)
As the market has endorsed and enriched him, Koons has swollen, in his two latest series “Antiquity” and “Gazing Ball”, into the most tedious self-imitation. “Balloon Venus” blends his own inflatables lexicon with the archaic forms of the Venus of Willendorf. Outsize plaster replicas of classical figures – “Farnese Hercules”, “Ariadne” – bearing bright balloon-like glass spheres are destined, no more and no less than the garden ornaments they incorporate, for manicured suburban lawns.
“He says, if you’re critical, you’re already out of the game,” announced Koons’s dealer David Zwirner when these repetitive follies launched last year. Dollar power goes some way to explaining why Koons’s smooth sales-speak – “when people make judgments, they close all the possibility around them” – is not seen for what it is: a reversal of the spirit of intellectual openness that has allowed art to flourish since the Enlightenment. And of course it is obvious why Koons, like any entrepreneur boasting a luxury monopoly, directs his factory to produce a controlled stream of high-end, high-tech baubles. Less obvious is why this trading currency for the super-rich should interest the rest of us, or why museums and critics are endorsing it.
©Jeff Koons/Gagosian Gallery
‘Large Vase of Flowers’ (1991)
According to the Pompidou, Koons is “l’artiste le plus radical de son époque”. Reviewing the Whitney show, the New Yorker’s Peter Schjeldahl called Koons “the signal artist of today’s world”, adding that “if you don’t like that, take it up with the world”. In this reading, Koons is beyond critique: a realist for an age that has shed idealism or hope. Rothkopf similarly concludes that Koons’s works “take as much as they can from the world in which we live and offer in return a powerful picture of it. We could ask for more from art, but I doubt that we will find it.”
Oh yes we will: down the escalator at Duchamp or Brancusi for a start. Everything banished from Koonsland – eloquence and experiment, mystery and meaning, poetry and tragedy, delicacy and doubt – comes to life here.
It is not obvious why this trading currency for the super-rich should interest the rest of us, or why museums and critics are endorsing it
So does another truth about Koons. What he really shares with the thwarted voyeuristic narratives of Duchamp’s “Large Glass” and “Etant Donnés” is not inventiveness or anarchy but – from the untouchable vacuum cleaners in 1980 to the frigid “Gaze-Balls” in 2013 – a leitmotif of frustration, sexual and economic. He shows what happens when money and celebrity become yardsticks for culture. It is not a pretty sight.
Jeff Koons, Pompidou Centre, Paris, to April 27, centrepompidou.fr
Photographs: Jeff Koons/Gagosian Gallery
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Meteorologists: Cuomo s Weather Claims Are All WetIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

BJP wants Sena to be part of Maharashtra government  but puts forth no concrete proposals: sources15
0
Mumbai: Even as the Bharatiya Janata Party held talks with the estranged ally Shiv Sena for being a part of the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, sources said that no concrete proposals were forwarded by the BJP.
According to sources, Sena has proposed that it be given the post of deputy chief minister in the cabinet. Meanwhile, Sena chief Uddhav Thackerey has told BJP emmissaries that talks should ideally take place between the party presidents and not through party representatives.
On Saturday, senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy visited Thackeray's residence. "I will try to meet BJP president Amit Shah after returning to Delhi. I will also speak to Narendra Modi and Nitin Gadkari. I will explain to them that if we take along Sena with us, it will ensure a stable government in Maharashtra and will also be a good thing for Hindutva," Swamy  said.
According to sources, Sena has proposed that it be given the post of deputy chief minister in the cabinet.
#shiv sena #bjp #uddhav thackeray #maharashtra
However, BJP was quick to brush the visit as one in the former Union minister's individual capacity.
"BJP has nothing to do with the visit. Swamy went to Matoshree, the Thackeray family residence in suburban Bandra today, in his individual capacity," a senior state BJP leader said.
Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and state Cooperatives Minister Chandrakant Patil met Thackeray at Matoshree on Friday evening for one-and-a-half hours. Before leaving for Matoshree, Pradhan had said BJP had an "open mind" on holding the talks.
Fadnavis, who is on a tour of Vidarbha, had said thta the BJP wants the Sena to be part of the government, and expressed confidence that the initiative to bring it on board would succeed.
(With additional information from PTI)
5

Sunday Magazine | Fifty shades of fakesHow counterfeits compete with the great masters in India's fledgling art market
By Suman Layak , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Do not be a lazy buyer Read and educate yourself. The signature of the artist is often easiest to forge. See if you can spot the trademarks of the artists work or identify his/her brushstrokes?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It can happen to the best. As it did to Vickram Sethi, art dealer, auctioneer and chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Art .
Circa 2008, Sethi is sitting in his office in South Mumbai's art district, Kala Ghoda. After carefully looking at a fullsized Husain painting, it dawns on Sethi that he is being duped. Only a few days ago he had paid an advance of Rs 1 lakh after seeing an image of the painting and an art dealer had transported it over from Delhi. After seeing it for real in his gallery, Sethi was 90% sure it was a fake.
What followed was dramatic. Sethi locked up his gallery and refused to pay the balance of Rs 70-80 lakh. He also refused to let the painting be taken out unless he got a refund of the advance. After a few hours the dealer relented.
At the time of the incident MF Husain, the celebrated painter, had already moved to Dubai. Sethi digs deep into his memory to recall why he rejected the painting. The legs and knees of the horses were not right and the shape of the mane was different from Husain's trademark style. A full sheet Husain today can easily cost between Rs 22 lakh and Rs 30 lakh and more (a 4x6 can touch Rs 90 lakh) and there's no upper limit. Taking the "fake" hostage was probably worth it.
Here's a more recent example of a brush with dodgy art. A young lady, recommended by a painter of repute, approached businessman Harsh Goenka with a Husain painting in mid-2014.
Goenka, chairman of RPG Enterprises and one of the biggest art collectors in India, liked the painting. But, on a hunch, he sent it to art dealer Dadiba Pundole, who has dealt with a lot of Husain's work. Pundole pointed out to Goenka that while Husain's English signature on the painting matched, his signature in Hindi was wrong.
Also, the arrows in a scene showing Bhisma Pitamah on his deathbed were pointing upwards, the wrong direction. Husain had done this Mahabharata scene in many of his paintings. Goenka adds: "Also it was too perfect. Husain is never too perfect in his arrangement."
The seller claimed she had no idea that it was a fake and Goenka sent her away with the painting. Not every art buyer is as fortunate. Many end up with duds.
For instance, art consultant Mallika Advani , formerly with international art auctioneer Christie's, talks about a friend who recently came to her with two paintings of celebrated painter FN Souza.
She needed money to tide over a distress. Advani was, however, shocked to find that both the paintings were obvious fakes.
Welcome to the quicksand called the fledgling Indian art market , barely 15 years old, and yet to build its institutions.

Phillip Hughes never dropped his head  never once complained in his bad timesBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:31 pm
Devastated by his tragic death, Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke on Sunday penned a poignant birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes, saying that the late batsman was like a little brother who helped him become a better man.
Clarke, who broke down while reading out the team’s tribute to Hughes on Saturday in a press conference, poured his heart out in a tribute to his close friend, who would have turned 26 on Sunday had he survived after being hit on the head by a bouncer during a domestic game earlier this week.
“I don’t have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him,” Clarke wrote in ‘The Daily Telegraph’.
Clarke said he was struggling “to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life’s true characters and gentlemen”.
“His cricketing achievements — of which there were many — really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited. Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child like verve for life… I really could go on and on,” wrote the batsman.
The tragedy has led to the postponement of Australia’s first Test against India. The match was scheduled to start on December 4 but has been put off for the time being to allow the players to mourn Hughes’ loss and attend his funeral on December 3.
Recalling Hughes’ amiable personality , Clarke said the youngster was easy to get along and went on become the brother he never had.
“He was a country boy at heart, with honest values and a work ethic second to none. And it is easy to tell where those qualities come from. His parents are salt of the earth Aussies, who have handled the past several days with a dignity and grace I could only admire. They will have my support, and the support of the entire Australian cricketing family, whenever and wherever they need it,” he said.
“I was drawn to him instantly, falling for his cheeky grin and love of life. Phillip truly was uncomplicated — what you saw was what you got. I don’t think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate,”
“Whenever Hughesy suffered adversity — if he was replaced in the team or if he wasn’t scoring as many runs as he wanted — he never dropped his head, never once complained,” Clarke said.
Clarke described Hughes as a tough continued…

Chelsea drop points at Sunderland; Manchester United register clinical winThe goalless draw at the Stadium of Lights was the only instance where the London-based club has failed to score. (Source: AP)
London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:57 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:00 pm
Chelsea’s seemingly irresistible march towards the title hit an unlikely roadblock at Sunderland on Saturday as they were held to a 0-0 draw having failed to score for the first time in their unbeaten Premier League season.
Jose Mourinho’s side stretched their lead at the top to seven points but Sunderland’s splendid resistance at the Stadium of Light at least scattered a few crumbs of hope for nearest pursuers Southampton and Manchester City, who meet on Sunday.
Chelsea’s other floundering heavyweight rivals — Manchester United, who beat Hull City 3-0, Arsenal, who won at West Bromwich Albion with a Danny Welbeck goal , and Liverpool, who beat Stoke City 1-0 despite dropping captain Steven Gerrard — were also grateful for Sunderland’s dogged effort.
Gus Poyet’s Sunderland team, who have become rare pests for Mourinho as Chelsea’s conquerors in last season’s League Cup and the side which ended his 78-match unbeaten league record at Stamford Bridge, could even have pinched another win if Adam Johnson had not spurned two late chances.
Chelsea, nowhere near as sharp as in their midweek Champions League dismantling of Schalke 04, dominated proceedings but were held for the third time this term as they moved clear of second-placed Southampton and nine points ahead of champions City.
Mourinho, far from disappointed, felt it was a “a good point” against a Sunderland side which Poyet, a former Stamford Bridge favourite, reckoned had “defended for their lives”.
“Only one team tried to win from the beginning, the other team didn’t. They defended a lot and they defended well,” said Mourinho. “Defending a lot and well is not a crime. They were successful in their approach.”
GERRARD AXED
At Anfield, the inspirational Gerrard was axed on the 16th anniversary of his Liverpool debut but Brendan Rodgers’ surprise decision was vindicated as they arrested their slump.
There have been plenty of questions over the form and effectiveness of Gerrard, 34, during 11th-placed Liverpool’s recent travails but even dropping him to the bench did not seem to alter their sluggish form as they laboured for 75 minutes.
The captain came on with a quarter of an hour left, amid deafening cheers, and Liverpool finally broke through with Glen Johnson’s 85th-minute header.
Arsenal also gained welcome relief amid their worst start to a season for 32 years thanks to Welbeck’s header.
The victory, reflecting Arsenal’s domination, did not stop manager Arsene Wenger having to field questions about a fan banner which said, “Thanks for the memories but it’s time to say goodbye”.
“I don’t want to comment on that. I try to do my best for this club that I love,” responded Wenger.
The win moved Arsenal up to sixth on 20 points as Manchester United consolidated fourth with 22 after first-half goals by Chris Smalling and Wayne Rooney and a brilliant strike from continued…

Media assault at Rampal ashram: PCI panel flays police tacticsAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
A PCI-appointed panel looking into the journalists assault issue outside ‘godman’ Rampal’s ashram has observed that Haryana Police employed “unconstitutional” tactics to prevent media from doing its duty and recommended investigation by administrative officers into the episode.
In its report submitted to PCI, the four-member committee is learnt to have said that police and local administration failed to rise to the situation and resorted to “brute force” against media persons doing their duty.
“This showed lack of training and discipline, and a complete disregard to human rights,” the committee said.
Several media personnel were among those injured on November 18 as clashes erupted at Rampal’s ashram in Barwala in Hisar district with police lobbing teargas shells and using batons to disperse his supporters.
The PCI had set up the committee comprising Sondeep Shankar (Convenor) and Kosuri Amarnath, Rajeev Ranjan Nag and Krishna Prasad (all members) to probe the incident.
In its recommendations, the committee has sought investigation by administrative officers in to the incident and compensation for injured media persons as well as for those whose equipment was damaged during the incident.
It also sought identification and suspension of the policemen responsible for the attack on media persons and fast tracking their cases. The panel also said that false cases foisted on media persons should be withdrawn immediately.
The panel observed that TV channels were airing disturbing visuals of people injured in the police action being dragged out of the operational area by policemen in a most inhuman manner.
“Haryana Police employed unconstitutional and inhuman tactics to prevent the media from discharging its duties,” the panel added.
The committee said the assault on media personnel and equipment amounts to a “prima facie violation of fundamental freedom guaranteed to the media under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution”.
After speaking to media persons who were on the spot in Hisar, the panel noted that it appeared that it was a very well coordinated and well-timed attack on media persons.
The report said that it took just 30 minutes for police to clear the operational area of media persons and it appears they did not want journalists to witness the operation, especially the action of water cannon and baton charge on women and children who were being used as ‘human shield’ by ashram authorities.
It also referred to DGP Haryana S N Vashisht’s comment that he deeply regretted the manhandling of the media because it robbed Haryana
Police of its share of glory after “one of the most professionally conducted operations” in India, in which not a single bullet was fired.
According to the committee, the DGP also said that a departmental inquiry would be conducted and if anyone is found to be guilty, they would be punished.
Chief Minister of Haryana Manohar Lal Khattar told the panel that he would await the departmental inquiry before pronouncing the verdict but reassured that his government was sensitive to the concerns of the media.
TAGS: Haryana Police Rampal
More from miscellaneous

Modi government likely to replace Planning Commission in DecemberNov 30, 2014 at 11:31am IST
Modi government likely to replace Planning Commission in December
27
0
New Delhi: Work has moved into top gear for finalising the name and structure for the new institution that will replace the 64-year old Planning Commission and the same may be unveiled this December.
"The Prime Minister has convened a meeting of the Chief Ministers on December 7 to seek their view points on the structure of the institution which would ultimately replace the Planning Commission," an official source said.
The Commission has received many suggestions regarding the name and role of the new body. Some of the suggested names are Sustainable Development Commission, National Development Agency, Social Economic Development Commission or Bharat Pragati Lakshya. Besides, there have been reports about the new body being named as Niti Aayog or Policy Commission.
Country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had set up the Planning Commission to steer the nation's economic destiny at that time.
#planning commission #narendra modi #narendra modi government #upa
The new institution, which is likely to be headed by the Prime Minister as was the case in Planning Commission, may have four divisions -- Inter-state council, plan evaluation office, UIDAI and DBT. All the divisions would have experts from the Centre and state governments as also experts from the industry.
The Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) Mission earlier was part of the Planning Commission but was moved to the Finance Ministry later.
According to sources, the new body could also be the secretariat for the inter-state council which is at present under the Home Ministry and met rarely during the UPA term.
This council used to meet regularly during the previous NDA regime.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his Independence Day speech had announced that the Commission would be abolished and replaced with a more relevant institution.
Since then the Commission has held several meetings with experts to discuss the new structure of the proposed institution.
Country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had set up the Planning Commission to steer the nation's economic destiny at that time.
Set up by a Cabinet Resolution, the Commission has enjoyed power and prestige with Prime Minister as its Chairman. Its most important functions have been fixing targets for sectoral growth and allocate resources.
The Deputy Chairman of the Commission has often been a political stalwart holding the rank of a Cabinet Minister.
Gulzarilal Nanda, VT Krishnamachari, C Subramaniam, PN Haksar, Manmohan Singh, Pranab Mukherjee, KC Pant, Jaswant Singh, Madhu Dandavate, Mohan Dharia and RK Hegde had been deputy chaiman at differnt points of time.
Montek Singh Ahluwalia was the last deputy chairman.
4

Not a single person blames Sean Abbott for what has happened: ClarkeBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:21 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:46 pm
Australian skipper Michael Clarke has offered his full support to distraught bowler Sean Abbott, whose unfortunate bouncer led to the tragic death of young batsman Phillip Hughes.
     
The 22-year-old Abbott has been undergoing counselling ever since the accident took place during a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Tuesday.
Clarke said no one blames Abbott for the unfortunate incident and the entire Australian team stands behind him and will support him in returning to the sport.
“I would like to say some words about Sean Abbott. This is a tremendous young man with a bright future whose life has changed forever by this accident.  And that’s what it is — a freak accident,” Clarke said.
“No-one — not one single person — blames him in any way for what has happened. He deserves our full support, he will absolutely have mine whenever he needs it, and I know that also goes for the entire Australian cricket community.
“Sean, when you feel like getting back on the horse mate, I promise you that I will be the first to strap on the pads and go stand up the end of the net to hit them back at you. It’s exactly what Hugh Dog would want us both to do,” Clarke was quoted as saying in ‘Herald Sun’.
Clarke, who was a close friend of Hughes, also paid glowing tribute to the young Australian and thanked his country men for their support during this crisis.
“I also want to take this opportunity to thank the Australian public for the wonderful words of support that Phillip’s family and team mates have received over the last several days. It’s really brought home to me what I guess I have always known- that all of us who love this game are a family — a big, wide, culturally diverse, passionate family,” he said.
“Nothing can temper the pain and devastation that the Hughes family are now experiencing. But I know that they have taken comfort in the extraordinary outpouring of prayers, tributes and deeds that have filtered down to them from all parts of the world,” Clarke said.
“I also would like to pay tribute to all those people of who touched Phillip’s life and helped him on his cricketing journey in some way. From his junior team mates, to the coaches up on the north coast who noticed and nurtured his prodigious talent, to the umpires who would have tired of signalling his endless 4’s through point.
“They are all part of the wonderful cricket family, and I am sure they are grieving Phillip’s passing deeply.
“The best qualities of Australians have come to the fore this week and I personally have been deeply moved,” he added.

Mauritius emerging as largest FDI source  cl...You are here: Home > Collections > India
Mauritius emerging as largest FDI source, clocks $4 billion inflows
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 12.49PM IST
Tags:
FDI
(In 2013-14, Singapore had pipped Mauritius…)
NEW DELHI: Mauritius is again emerging as the largest source of foreign direct investment (FDI) in India, accounting for an inflow of $ 4.19 billion in the April-September period.
According to official data, the inflow of foreign investment from Singapore amounted to $ 2.41 billion, followed by the Netherlands at $ 1.95 billion and USA ($ 1.19 billion) during the six month period.
Investments from United Kingdom was $ 842 million till September.
In 2013-14, Singapore had pipped Mauritius as the largest source of FDI in India, accounting for about 25 per cent of total FDI inflows in the fiscal.
During the last financial year, India attracted $ 5.98 billion in FDI from Singapore, whereas it was $ 4.85 billion from Mauritius.
The third country from where FDI inflow was high was United Kingdom at $ 3.21 billion, followed by the Netherlands at $ 2.27 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP rally in Kolkata: Party to showcase strength‘Our real victory will be when we win in Bengal’
Our Bureau
Attacking Didi BJP president Amit Shah at a massive gathering in Kolkata on Sunday. - ASHOKE CHAKRABARTY
Opposing Centre is stalling projects in State, says Amit Shah
Kolkata, Nov 30:  
The BJP on Sunday made a strong pitch for removal of the Trinamool Congress in the Assembly elections in West Bengal, scheduled in 2016.
Addressing a rally to mark Uthhan Dibas (Day of Rising), party president Amit Shah said Mamata Banerjee’s three-and-a-half-year rule in the State has caused irreparable damage.
“Today Bengal is at a historic juncture. It voted to power the TMC looking for development. But it has not been the case. Bengal has only gone backwards,” he said.
Reckless opposition of the Centre’s policies by the State government has only stalled development projects here, he added. Pointing out that the people of Bengal need a strong leadership, Shah urged them to support the BJP.
“In 2016, we want to form the government in Bengal. We may win in Maharashtra or Haryana; but our real victory will be when we win elections here. The countdown marking the end of Trinamool has begun,” he said.
The immediate focus though, he said, will be to win the upcoming polls for the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, due in May 2015. “Kolkata will herald the change for the end of the Trinamool,” he added.
Questioning the role of the State government in the Saradha chit fund scam, the BJP president asked why Mamata is shielding the accused.
“TMC MPs have been protesting against black money in Parliament, is the Saradha money black or white? She alleges that her party leaders are being framed by CBI. Let her say on record that those arrested are innocent,” he said.
Further questioning the State government’s decision to wind up the Shyamal Sen Commission, Shah said the move makes it clear that Mamata is not interested in refunding the depositors money.
Shah also alleged that the Mamata government, in the name of vote-bank politics, was shielding terrorists. He accused the Trinamool leadership of being involved in the Burdwan blast.
Saradha’s money, according to Shah, is being diverted in such activities. “Saradha;s money was used in this blast, CBI is investigating this matter,” he alleged, accusing Mamata of protecting illegal immigrants.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

CERC gives more time to FTIL for completing IEX stake saleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IMF lauds WTO accord after India-US food security dealThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Information app for National Games introducedInformation app for National Games introduced
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 30:  
News and updates regarding the upcoming 35th National Games will be available at your finger tips with the organisers introducing a ‘Games Information App’ and a ‘Virtual Torch’.
The Games Information App will provide live results, venue details, events, the medal tally, etc. NGS has invited tenders from the companies established in this arena to develop these Apps.
The Games will go on from January 30 to February 14.
This App will be available in Android version. Sports lovers can download/install the App free of cost from January.
The organisers are planning a worldwide release of the App. An SMS alert facility is also being developed in relation with the Games.
The Apps will get updated in coherence with the updation of the Games official website www. Kerala2015.com.
To keep abreast with time NGS has also initiated development of a ‘Virtual torch App’.
This App will be available at the ‘PLAY STORE’ from December 12.
The National Games have gone viral in cyber space with its Facebook page having more than 90,000 likes.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Mauritius emerging as largest FDI source  clocks $4 bn inflowsMauritius emerging as largest FDI source, clocks $4 bn inflows
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
Mauritius is again emerging as the largest source of foreign direct investment (FDI) in India, accounting for an inflow of $4.19 billion in the April-September period.
According to official data, the inflow of foreign investment from Singapore amounted to $2.41 billion, followed by the Netherlands at $1.95 billion and USA $1.19 billion during the six-month period. Investments from the UK were at $842 million till September.
In 2013-14, Singapore had pipped Mauritius as the largest source of FDI in India, accounting for about 25 per cent of total FDI inflows in the fiscal.
During the last financial year, India attracted $5.98 billion in FDI from Singapore and $4.85 billion from Mauritius.
The third country from where FDI inflow was high was the UK at $3.21 billion, followed by the Netherlands at $2.27 billion.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Priyanka Chopra wants to inspire future actresses to takerisksBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:44 pm
Fresh from the success of ‘Mary Kom’, Priyanka Chopra says it is her goal to do more meaningful films and inspire future actresses to take up challenging roles in Bollywood.
Priyanka feels actresses are afraid to take risks because of the fear of failure but according to the star success can be achieved by striking a balance between commercial cinema and substantial content.
“Actresses are scared to take risks. They think they will fail and might not get good work after that. It is possible that they may fail but they should start taking up prominent roles.
I have always done strong and prominent characters be it in ‘Fashion’, ‘Aitraaz’ or ‘Mary Kom’. The bigger question for me is that people should be able to see that female actors can do roles of responsibility. The world should start seeing female and male actors as equals. This is my goal,” Priyanka told PTI.
She was elated that ‘Mary Kom’ got a good opening and feels this might pave way for filmmakers to trust actresses.
“It is a victory that we got good weekend numbers. With such films getting good opening numbers, it will be a big step for future female actresses.
They will start taking up films where at least they are shown at par with the boys. This will hopefully encourage producers to cast actresses in prominent roles,” she says.
Upbeat about her maiden production ‘Madamji’, her second collaboration with director Madhur Bhandarkar after ‘Fashion’, Priyanka says it is an extremely powerful and entertaining movie.
“I am really excited for the film because it a story about an item girl thrown into the world of politics. It has all kinds of shades and I am really kicked about the story,” the actress says.
Priyanka wants to promote new talent though her company Purple Pebble Pictures.
“I want to give chance to new talent through my production house, be it new directors and actors. All films in my production house will not necessarily feature me. We will make movies with other actors too.”
When asked if she would like to cast her younger cousin Mannara in any film of her production house, Priyanka said, “I would love to cast her in one of my films and I hope she likes some script. But I will not make films according to actors but on the basis of scripts.”

Hyderabad student beaten to death in college campus for protestingeve-teasingBy: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:43 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:59 pm
A 19-year-old student was beaten to death allegedly by his senior when the former objected to eve-teasing of a girl student at a private college here, police said.
The accused, Satish Kodkar, allegedly hit the victim Harshavardhan Rao, a B.Com second year student, twice on his neck and chest after which he fell on the classroom bench and hit his head on the edge of the bench, a senior police officer said.
Kodkar, who is a final-year student, is absconding since the incident, they said.
“Kodkar hit twice on Rao’s neck and chest, after which he fell down even as his head hit an iron rod on the edge of a bench,” Assistant Commissioner of Police (Sultan Bazar Division) Ravula Giridhar said.
“Rao became unconscious and was shifted to a nearby hospital where he died while undergoing treatment,” he said.
A murder case has been registered with Sultan Bazar Police Station against Satish. Police is on the hunt to nab the accused, he said adding that the matter is under investigation.
An autopsy was conducted on the teenager’s body and it has been handed over to his family members today, he said.
Kodkar had allegedly teased a girl who was Rao’s friend, and objected to the act.
“A scuffle broke out during lunch hour yesterday, when Kodkar went inside Rao’s classroom and argued with him over the matter before hitting him,” the ACP said.
Sultan Bazar Police Station Inspector G Srinivas ruled out that the incident was a fallout of ragging.

Hero Moto plans to set up manufacturing plants in Brazil  ArgentinaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Afghanistan: Kabul attack kills threeforeignersBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: November 30, 2014 2:54 pm
An Afghan official says three South African nationals and one Afghan were killed in an attack on a guesthouse in the capital Kabul, revising the original toll up from one foreigner.
The chief of Kabul police, Gen. Mohammed Zahir, said Sunday that the head of an international aid group was killed, along with his son and daughter, in the attack the day before.
He gave no ages for the children, and did not identify the organization. Zahir said one of the three attackers wore a police uniform.
The attack was the second in as many days on guesthouses occupied by foreigners, and comes amid a spike in violence in the Afghan capital. The U.S. and NATO formally end their 13-year combat mission in Afghanistan on December 31.

Live: Delhi Queer Pride ParadeNov 30, 2014 at  04:53pm IST
Hundreds of revellers dance, celebrate Queer Pride Parade in Delhi
6
0
The Delhi Queer Pride Parade - a much-awaited celebration by queer community in the capital, will start in a few moments from now. To celebrate their identities  and stand against oppression and violence, the LGBT community marches towards a future without discrimination and prejudice. We live blog the parade which stands for diversity, solidarity, acceptance and resistance.
145
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Indian diaspora becoming vulnerable to terror attacks: IB chief6
0
Guwahati: Describing ISIS and al-Qaeda as serious security challenges for India, Director of Intelligence Bureau Asif Ibrahim on Sunday said the Indian diaspora has become increasingly vulnerable to elements having allegiance to terror groups.
Addressing a conference of DGPs and IGPs, Ibrahim said al-Qaeda and ISIS pose serious security challenges for the country if they were not dealt with on priority.
"The rapid territorial gain and the influence of caliphate on one hand glamorises the image of the group (ISIS), while on the other it enhances its capability," he said at the conference attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and several Chief Ministers.
Ibrahim said al-Qaeda and ISIS pose serious security challenges for the country if they were not dealt with on priority.
#indian diaspora #terror attack #intelligence bureau #asif ibrahim
The IB Director said vulnerable groups and fringe elements from over 80 countries have gone to the region (Iraq-Syria) to participate in the conflict.
Ibrahim said a splinter group of the Indian Mujahideen operating in the Af-Pak region has announced its support to the ISIS and to bolster its flagging image, al-Qaeda has announced the formation of its Indian sub-continent wing specifically targeting India.
"We have deliberated the serious issue yesterday and felt that the threat is likely to accentuate as the situation unfolds further in future. Indian diaspora has become increasingly vulnerable in the days to come," he said.
Ibrahim said there was also an imminent danger of Indian youths moving to the conflict zone, emerging as a role model and stressed that such developments, may directly or indirectly, pose a threat to India.
"The threat potential is accentuated with some lower rung elements returning from conflict zone," he said.
A youth from Mumbai suburb Kalyan, Arif Majeed, who until now was believed to have been killed while fighting for militant group ISIS in Syria, was arrested on Friday hours after he landed in the metropolis.
In May this year, four youths from Kalyan - Shaheen Tanki, Fahad Shaikh and Aman Tandel, besides Arif - had left India to visit holy places in the West Asia, but they disappeared thereafter and since then were suspected to have joined the Sunni extremist group.
The Director of the IB said despite India having a sizeable Muslim population, the global jehadi activities have no impact, except a few stray incidents.
"Unlike many western countries, local interventions and timely counselling have proved adequate deterrence for penitential recruits. Prominent Muslim sections, organisations, seminaries and clerics in India have not only rejected the declaration of caliphate and ISIS, they have also declared these activities as un-Islamic," he said.
Ibrahim said the Internet has become a tool for radicalisation of Indian youths and there was a need for community and collective response to it.
"Involvement of community leaders in counter-radicalisation initiatives and the need to articulate against jehadi propaganda was highlighted in the deliberation yesterday," he said.
The Director of the IB said in the hinterland of the country, effort of Pakistan and Pakistan-sponsored groups like Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad and SIMI to organise violent attacks on India has been ongoing on.
He said the detection of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) in West Bengal's Burdwan has reflected the first brazen attempt by the group to establish a base in India.
Ibrahim also said in the last couple years security forces have been successful in neutralising a series of Indian Mujahideen modules in the country with the arrests of several of its leaders.
0

Modi vows to halt illegal immigrants from BangladeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GLOBAL ECONOMY - QE or not QE Spotlight on the ECB as inflation dipsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government to go ahead with land swapping agreement with Bangladesh: PMModiWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:06 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:28 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday announced that his government would not compromise on national security and utilise land transfer agreement with Bangladesh in a manner that it serves the long-term security interests of the state. It might seem to be an immediate loss to Assam, but the state would benefit in the long run, Modi, allaying apprehensions over the Indo-Bangla land swap deal, said.
“The government will utilise the India-Bangla land transfer agreement to seal all routes across the international border through which illegal Bangladeshi migrants have been entering Assam and creating havoc in the state,” he said.
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers here at the end of his two-day hectic trip to Assam, Modi also claimed that his government has been able to convert development into a national agenda prompting all other parties to push issues like caste, creed, religion and language to the back.
BJP workers attend the party rally in Guwahati on Sunday. (Express photo by DASARATH DEKA)
Asking the people of Assam to have faith in him, Modi said, “There will be no compromise on Assam’s security.” He also promised to fulfil the promises he had made to the people of Assam during Lok Sabha elections. “I know the sentiments of the people of Assam. We will always protect the interests of Assam and the country, he said. Modi however did not make any commitment on the Bangladeshi influx issue and carefully avoided recalling his announcemebt during the election campaign in April that Bangladeshi migrants would have to pack up afte May 16.
He however issued a stern warning to forces trying to harm the interests of Assam and the Northeast region and said that law would not spare them now. “Such forces should know that the government has changed in Delhi and the law will not spare them now,” he said. The development of the entire northeast region including Assam was a priority of his government, Modi added.
The Prime Minister also claimed that the BJP has compelled all other political parties to make development the prime issue instead of issues like caste, creed and region. “We have turned the issue of development into everybody’s agenda across the country,” he said. The country, Modi claimed, has seen performance and agenda of the government run by all others parties including the Congress, the Left parties, regional parties and coalitions and they have now seen the BJP-led government at the Centre.

Kabul police chief quits after 3rd Taliban attack in 10 daysBy: Reuters | Kabul |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:36 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:39 pm
The police chief of Afghanistan’s capital quit on Sunday, his spokesman said, following a third deadly Taliban attack in 10 days on foreign guest houses in Kabul. Also on Sunday, the charity whose guest house was targeted in the latest attack said three of its aid workers were killed by insurgents who used guns and explosives.
Earlier, Kabul police said one foreigner and other Afghan died. The statement on the website of the U.S.-based Partnership in Academics and Development (PAD) did not give the nationalities of the three. A Western security official said they were South Africans.
Meanwhile, Kabul’s police spokesman declined to comment on the reason for the chief’s resignation. “We can only confirm… he will not continue his job as police chief anymore,” Hashmat Stanekzai said. The Taliban and its militant allies have increased pressure on Kabul, which has seen a spike in deadly attacks on military and civilian targets.
Over the past 10 days, three compounds used by foreign organisations have been hit by armed attackers. In separate attacks in Kabul, two American soldiers, two British embassy workers and dozens of Afghan civilians have died. The Taliban said on Saturday it had attacked the foreign guesthouse because it was a centre of Christian faith.
This was the second time this year the Taliban targeted a group that it said had links to Christianity. PAD, which supports education in Afghanistan, said it would continue its activities despite the attack.
The group could not be reached immediately for comment.

Muthoot finance has made important multiple bullish moves on friday  b...Platinum Member
769 Followers
Muthoot Finance has Made Important Multiple Bullish Moves on Friday, Breaking Free from "Consolidation Phases of 5 Plus months", and Exhibited Bullish Candle on the Weekly Chart. The Scrip Breached Crucial Multiple  Trends/Resistances in the 192.25/192.60 Zones, and `Prepared for Strong Moves Higher". Varied Fundmental News Are/WILL Aid the Scrip/Sector in the day/`s ahead, co-inciding with these Moves.  The Ranges of Trading have Opened Out, which is Positive for Upmoves. The Scrip has Potential for Moves towards 203.30 in the Initial Phases of this Uptrend, and CLOSES ABOVE 203.95, will Infuse Fresh Strenghts in the scrip to get Propelled towards 208.80, with every Ability to spike towards 221 Levels in the Days ahead. Interest Rates Cut could Prove very Beneficial to the Company/Sector, in Multiple Ways, which will play Out in the days ahead. With Extensive Consoliations/High Delivery Taken Percentage/Parameters Seeking to Move Out from Oversold levels into Positive territories, Which "All will fuel Sharp Spikes" in Muthoot Finance. Positional Accumulation with Stops at 184.30 to be raised Proportionately to the Scrips rise Should see Strong Rewards in the Days ahead. "Fresh Shine" should Seep into Muthoot Finance in the days ahead ...
4.02 PM Nov 30th  | Track

That is true. there will probably be no material difference to the rea...Platinum Member
523 Followers
Not all banks function in the same way. Some banks have enough deposits to cover their advances/investments and some banks have a shortfall and depend on wholesale market too for funds. If RBI does not cut rates, wholesale market will be priced at higher level causing some banks to have higher cost of funds, thus they cannot cut lending cares, nor drop deposit rates. Some banks which have more liquidity, if they cut deposit rates a lot to bring their cost of funds down, then depositors will move out of them and into other banks which are offering higher rates on FDs. So there is a limit here. The last thing a bank wants is to reduce deposits so much that depositors run away which will bring their bank to a stage where liqudity shortfall happens.
Moreover, it takes a long time for deposits to get re priced. Banks can only cut rates on new deposits, for deposits to mature and get re priced, can take time. Lending rates are cut only after a lag.
RBI`s rate cutting is important to bring the entire financial market to a new rate which benefits all banks together and everyone can happily start bringing down rates. RBI`s repo rate is a signal for market. If RBI does not signal easy monetary policy, a bank will always have fear in their mind before they cut deposit rates that if RBI takes a hard stance, sucks out liquidity or raise interest rates, the banks will have to again raise deposit rates to stop depositors from moving to other sources offering higher rates to them.
You are right that 25bps rate cut wont change anything on ground immediately. But if repo rate remains lower for 12 months, you`ll find banks slowly passing on. Banks always pass on but with a lag.
In reply to : freaky54 message
1.13 PM Nov 30th

Warmest was accused of posting promotional/commercial content and was ...Platinum Member
43 Followers
RJ is just incidentalin this stock at this moment.Do you think most of the investors knew that RJ was invested in this.If that is the case then this stock would have hit the roof.
Scene 2,with the stake sale news makin the rounds,it is possible that he wants to take the earlybird advantage by buying at this dirt cheap level.
Scene 3,he may know the investor,as these brokers are capable of getting the news before even the media.
scene4,Averagein is the best option for him to bring down the acquisition price.
Havin said that,as it is the stock is in a momentum mode after THe COO confirmed a fund infusion and the ATF cut.
The ATF announcement today ortomorrw(most prob today)is alreadya booster for the aviation stock and these analysis are done not by a VERY SMALL RETAIL INVESTOR like me but all analysts.
Having said that I firmly believe that this stock will shoot at least 20-50% in the nearterm and almost give you multitimes (at least 500% in one year time.
So RJ is just coincidal,not planned according to me.
I am inveated in this stock myself.and am not forcing anyone to buy or sell.my reco is buy

Wait before you jump & buy titan - reportedly doing away 80:20 rule is...Platinum Member
539 Followers
So was my thinking until I minutely read a report prepared by standard Chartered Bank & it clears many myths concerning import, export, 80:20 rule & taxes applicable on gold imports & exports.
We shall discuss it later on in details but let us first see the herd mentality on Monday on Indian Bourses on this news of withdrawal of 80:20 scheme.
In reply to : vinod85 message
9.49 PM Nov 30th

DD anchor who got it wrong at IFFI  traumatisedDD anchor who got it wrong at IFFI 'traumatised'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 30, 2014
First Published: 13:36 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:03 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
The Doordarshan anchor who was assigned to cover the inauguration of the International Film Festival of India in Goa last week is reportedly "traumatised" after being derided on social media for her on-air bloopers .
“Thousands of people have called her things like ‘stupid’ or ‘dumb’, or ruthlessly ridiculed her on the social media. My daughter is deeply traumatised," the 25-year-old anchor's mother told The Telegraph .
In the course of an hour that she spent at the red carpet of the event, the anchor seemed rather clueless. In one instance, she introduced Mridula Sinha, the governor of Goa as the "governor of India". She even misidentifies the governor's gender.
 
The anchor also had some serious admission to make as a journalist covering the film festival: “I don’t know much about films and stuffs in depth.”
She emphasised on how "obliged" she felt to be able to attend the festival in Goa. "Goa is going to become a very, very significant part of this world. All around the world, Goa will be known for its festivals. I mean, I am just obliged to be a part of it”.
The anchor faced flak on the social media, and a YouTube video featuring her at the event went viral.
“She is distraught and keeps repeating that her life and career are over,” The Telegraph quoted her mother as saying.
Meanwhile, Doordarshan officials have reportedly initiated an inquiry into who leaked the video. “What has happened has happened… we all make mistakes,” Mukesh Sharma, additional director general, western zone, said.
"The live event wasn’t even noticed by many. It’s the YouTube video that has created the controversy… It was a deliberate mischief.”
Doordarshan is no stranger to committing broadcasting blunders. While covering Narendra Modi’s recent US tour, DD had instead shown footage of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's trip to America for quite a while.

Michael Clarke s birthday gift to  brother Hughes : A moving tribute  album of old photosprint
Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke wrote a moving birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes Sunday, calling him the brother he never had as players continued to grieve over his death.
Hughes, who would have celebrated his 26th birthday on Sunday, died Thursday two days after he was knocked unconscious by a bouncer while batting in a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Australia's first Test against India, which was due to start on Thursday in Brisbane, has been postponed with no new date yet scheduled.
Clarke said he "struggled to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life's true characters and gentlemen".
"His cricketing achievements -- of which there were many -- really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited," Clarke wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.
"Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind-hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child-like verve for life... I really could go on and on."
In 2 hours and 6 min it will be my Brothers 26th BDay. Please get yourself a drink and raise your glass!— Michael Clarke (@MClarke23) November 29, 2014
Clarke wrote of how he was instantly drawn to Hughes when the talented cricketer, then 17, moved to Sydney from his hometown of Macksville to play for his club Western Suburbs.
"I don't think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate," Clarke wrote.
"I don't have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him."
Australian captain Michael Clarke also posted a series of pictures on Instagram of moments that they had shared together, both on and off the field.
The photos ranged from Hughes donning the wicketkeeper's gloves, to Clarke and Hughes attending parties and Trivia nights together. FULL ALBUM HERE
A photo posted by Michael Clarke (@michaelclarkeofficial) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 1:39pm PST
Cricket Australia has said rescheduling of any Tests in the four-match series would be done in full consultation with the players, the Indian Board, the International Cricket Council and broadcasters.
Local media said the start of the Brisbane Test could be delayed by one or two days to give players some room to grieve after Hughes' funeral on Wednesday at Macksville in northern New South Wales.
Alternatively, the second Test in Adelaide, Hughes' adopted home, could be recast as the opening match of the series, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.

Modi talks  SMART  policing  adds new feather in wordplay capModi talks 'SMART' policing, adds new feather in wordplay cap
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, November 30, 2014
First Published: 12:49 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:57 IST(1/12/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has regularly knocked his opponents down and put his ideas forward by coining new phrases, added yet another one to his list at the 49th DGP/IGPs conference in Guwahati on Sunday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the 49th DGP/IGPs conference in Guwahati. (ANI Photo)
The latest was 'SMART policing', which put emphasis on the essentials of police job  
 
Advocating the concept, Modi said a country with an efficient intelligence network did not need any arms and ammunition to run the government.
 
The PM added he wanted a force which took care of the country's law and order in an efficient manner.
 
"By 'SMART' policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for
reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained".
Let's sample a few of the acronyms, wordplay and numbers used by the PM:
 
Shirtfront: Modi used the term "shirtfront" to make fun of his host Abbott. A shirtfronter is an Australian rules term for a front-on challenge that knocks an opponent to the ground.
 
"(As) the third head of the government you are listening to this week, I do not know how you are doing this," Modi told members of parliament, who were addressed by Chinese leader Xi Jinping on Monday and Britain's David Cameron last Friday.
 
"Maybe this is Prime Minister Abbott's way of shirtfronting you!"
 
Modi admirers are aware of the Prime Minister's penchant for using words in an interesting way. Earlier, Modi had proved his way with words, coining several acronyms and catch phrases, and giving new meanings to well-known abbreviations. Here are some examples.
ABCD: Modi made use of ABCD for slamming the Congress party during an election rally in Punjab. It was "A for Adarsh, B for Bofors, C for coal scam."
 
NDA: Modi's take on the the BJP-led coalition 'NDA' was "National Development Alliance" during the 2014 general election campaign.
 
Make in India: Modi reached out to investors by saying "Come, Make in India", eyeing to make the country a manufacturing hub in his Independence Day speech and launched the campaign on September 25.
 
3Ss: Skill, scale and speed. He said the country needs to focus on imparting skills to its young population in order to compete with China. “If India has to compete with China, the focus should be on skill, scale and speed.”
 
5Ts: Tradition, Talent, Tourism, Trade and Technology. His government's intent to revive Brand India by riding on the country's strength of 5 Ts.
 
3Ds: Democracy, Demography and Demand. He reiterated it to Japanese investors saying India offers the three essential 'Ds' for businessmen.
 
No red tape but red carpet: He was hard-selling India as a manufacturing destination by promising investors saying "there is no red tape but red carpet in India. We have eased off a lot of regulations".
 
Inch towards Miles: He gave a new terminology to his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. "I call it ‘Inch towards Miles’. INCH is ‘India-China’, towards MILES is ‘Millennium of Exceptional Synergy’. I believe that tomorrow’s meeting will mark a happy beginning towards this goal of ‘Inch towards Miles’.”
 
G-All: Modi in his address at the UN General Assembly urged for creating a world with sustainable growth and the need for the world to become more united as nations.
 
"While we speak of an interdependent world, have we become more united as nations? Why can't we have a G-All grouping? Why is it that despite having a wonderful platform like the UN, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers?" said Modi.
 
"The names of groupings keep changing...G-5, G-7, G-20 and so on. India too is involved in several. But how much are we able to work together as G-1 or G-All? We need a G-All the most. We need to think how to create a G-all atmosphere when the UN is about to celebrate its 70 years," he said.

Another ceasefire violation by Pakistan in Samba sector ahead of J&K AssemblypollsBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:17 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 6:57 pm
Two days ahead of second phase of assembly elections in Jammu Kashmir, Pakistani Rangers resorted to small arms fire on a forward BSF position in Samba sector on Sunday.
Sources said that the firing on BSF post NHP-Khawara from across the international border started around 11.32 am. The BSF also retaliated and the exchange of fire was continuing.
There was no casualty or damage on the Indian side.
Significantly, the fresh incident of ceasefire violation gas come two days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a public rally in Udhampur said that terrorists across the border were nervous seeing huge turnout during first phase if assembly elections. A record over 70 per cent people GAD cast vote in seven assembly constituencies in the Valkey which went to polls during the first phase along with eight others across the state.
A day earlier, four terrorists from Pakistan had sneaked into adjoining Arnia sector and killed five civilians. During rwi day long encounter which concluded on Friday, army troops killed all the four terrorists.
However, during the fire fight with terrorists who were well entrenched in a bunker, three army men also lost their lives.

Bangladesh Supreme Court clears way for former PM Khaleda Zias trial on graftchargesBy: Press Trust of India | Dhaka |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:15 pm
In a major blow to Bangladesh’s main opposition leader and former prime minister Khaleda Zia, the Supreme Court on Sunday rejected an appeal challenging her indictment in a graft case, clearing the way for her trial which could see her jailed for life if found guilty.
The five-member bench of the apex court headed by Chief Justice M Muzammel Hossain dismissed her appeal against the trial under graft charges involving a charity named after her slain husband former president Ziaur Rahman.
“The Appellate Division (of the Supreme Court) has rejected her leave to appeal in the Zia Charitable Trust case… She now will have to face the trial at the Metropolitan Special Judge,” a Supreme Court official said. 69-year-old Zia made the last ditch effort at the Supeme Court after a High Court bench earlier validated her indictment by the trial court.
Sunday’s verdict came a week after the apex court rejected a nearly identical appeal challenging her trial in another graft case involving a charity called Zia Orphanage Trust. On March 19, Judge Basudev Roy of Dhaka’s Third Metropolitan Special Judges Court had indicted Zia in both the cases filed by Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC).
It alleged the two charities existed only in papers while huge amount of money was misappropriated in the name of the two philanthropic organisations while she was the premier during BNP’s 2001-2006 tenure.
The ACC in 2009 filed the Zia Orphanage Trust graft case on charge of embezzling a huge amount of money by forming a “fake” trust and filed the other case in 2011 on charge of abusing power during setting up the charitable trust.
Her now expatriate elder son and BNP’s senior vice president Tarique Rahman and seven others were accused in the two cases on charges of raising funds illegally for the two charities and embezzling the amounts.
Zia and three of her aides are accused of syphoning off about USD 400,000 from the Zia Charitable Trust. She is also accused of leading a group of five people, including her eldest son, in embezzling USD 277,000 – funds which were meant to go to an orphanage set up in memory of her late husband, who was assassinated in a coup in 1981.
Lawyers said Zia and other accused could be jailed for life if found guilty. Zia, whose Bangladesh Nationalist Party boycotted the 2014 general elections, termed the charges “politically motivated” and alleged those were aimed at destroying the BNP.
During the past military-backed government, the ACC in July 2009 filed first the Zia Orphanage Trust graft case against her, her elder son and four others. Two years later in August in 2011, the statutory graft body filed the other case over the Zia Charitable Trust while incumbent Awami League government was in power.

Kabul police chief quits after third Taliban attack in 10daysBy: Reuters | Kabul |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:36 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 3:39 pm
The police chief of Afghanistan’s capital quit on Sunday, his spokesman said, following a third deadly Taliban attack in 10 days on foreign guest houses in Kabul. Also on Sunday, the charity whose guest house was targeted in the latest attack said three of its aid workers were killed by insurgents who used guns and explosives.
Earlier, Kabul police said one foreigner and other Afghan died. The statement on the website of the U.S.-based Partnership in Academics and Development (PAD) did not give the nationalities of the three. A Western security official said they were South Africans.
Meanwhile, Kabul’s police spokesman declined to comment on the reason for the chief’s resignation. “We can only confirm… he will not continue his job as police chief anymore,” Hashmat Stanekzai said. The Taliban and its militant allies have increased pressure on Kabul, which has seen a spike in deadly attacks on military and civilian targets.
Over the past 10 days, three compounds used by foreign organisations have been hit by armed attackers. In separate attacks in Kabul, two American soldiers, two British embassy workers and dozens of Afghan civilians have died. The Taliban said on Saturday it had attacked the foreign guesthouse because it was a centre of Christian faith.
This was the second time this year the Taliban targeted a group that it said had links to Christianity. PAD, which supports education in Afghanistan, said it would continue its activities despite the attack.
The group could not be reached immediately for comment.

Bangladesh Supreme Court clears way for former PM Khaleda Zia s trial on graft chargesBy: Press Trust of India | Dhaka |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:15 pm
In a major blow to Bangladesh’s main opposition leader and former prime minister Khaleda Zia, the Supreme Court on Sunday rejected an appeal challenging her indictment in a graft case, clearing the way for her trial which could see her jailed for life if found guilty.
The five-member bench of the apex court headed by Chief Justice M Muzammel Hossain dismissed her appeal against the trial under graft charges involving a charity named after her slain husband former president Ziaur Rahman.
“The Appellate Division (of the Supreme Court) has rejected her leave to appeal in the Zia Charitable Trust case… She now will have to face the trial at the Metropolitan Special Judge,” a Supreme Court official said. 69-year-old Zia made the last ditch effort at the Supeme Court after a High Court bench earlier validated her indictment by the trial court.
Sunday’s verdict came a week after the apex court rejected a nearly identical appeal challenging her trial in another graft case involving a charity called Zia Orphanage Trust. On March 19, Judge Basudev Roy of Dhaka’s Third Metropolitan Special Judges Court had indicted Zia in both the cases filed by Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC).
It alleged the two charities existed only in papers while huge amount of money was misappropriated in the name of the two philanthropic organisations while she was the premier during BNP’s 2001-2006 tenure.
The ACC in 2009 filed the Zia Orphanage Trust graft case on charge of embezzling a huge amount of money by forming a “fake” trust and filed the other case in 2011 on charge of abusing power during setting up the charitable trust.
Her now expatriate elder son and BNP’s senior vice president Tarique Rahman and seven others were accused in the two cases on charges of raising funds illegally for the two charities and embezzling the amounts.
Zia and three of her aides are accused of syphoning off about USD 400,000 from the Zia Charitable Trust. She is also accused of leading a group of five people, including her eldest son, in embezzling USD 277,000 – funds which were meant to go to an orphanage set up in memory of her late husband, who was assassinated in a coup in 1981.
Lawyers said Zia and other accused could be jailed for life if found guilty. Zia, whose Bangladesh Nationalist Party boycotted the 2014 general elections, termed the charges “politically motivated” and alleged those were aimed at destroying the BNP.
During the past military-backed government, the ACC in July 2009 filed first the Zia Orphanage Trust graft case against her, her elder son and four others. Two years later in August in 2011, the statutory graft body filed the other case over the Zia Charitable Trust while incumbent Awami League government was in power.

Bouncer should not be outlawed: Donaldcricket
South African pace legend Allan Donald has called on cricket bosses not to consider banning bouncers as they revisit safety in the sport in the wake of the tragic death of Australian cricketer Philip Hughes.
Donald, who is now the Proteas’ bowling coach, told the daily ‘The Star’ that the incident was “stupidly freakish” and should not lead to cricket authorities taking drastic action.
“I hope it doesn’t take this horrific incident to make the sport’s bosses think that the only way to make the sport safe is to outlaw the bouncer,” Donald said.
“It would make for no contest if bouncers were ruled out of the game.”
Hughes died in the hospital two days after being struck by a bouncer delivered by Sean Abbott in a Sheffield Shield match in Australia.
“As a fast bowler, you use your bouncer to intimidate, to send a message to the batsman, to make him think twice and to test various skills,” Donald added.
“I understand that many people outside of cricket will look at this and questions about safety will be asked, but we must not over-react.”
Donald himself has been at both ends of bouncers during his time at the crease.
In 2001, he was hit by two bouncers from Andre Nel in a match in Benoni which put him in hospital for a weekend.
But he recovered to become one of South Africa’s best fast bowlers ever.
During the 1996 World Cup, Donald bowled a bouncer that struck United Arab Emirates captain Sultan Zarawani on his head while he had no helmet on.
“When I struck him, I thought I had killed him. (The ball) made just the most horrible thud when it hit him,” Donald said.
“I was just so shocked by his response -- he just put his floppy (hat) back on and continued batting.”
Donald also believed that there could not be much more advancement on the protection offered by helmets.
“The helmets they have these days are magnificent, I’m not really sure how they can make them any better,” he said.

PV Sindhu beats Kim Hyo Min  defends Macau Open titleprint
Two-time World Championship bronze medallist PV Sindhu lifted her first title of the season by successfully defending the US $120,000 Macau Grand Prix Gold trophy after seeing off Kim Hyo Min of Korea in the women's singles finals at Macau on Sunday.
World No. 11 Sindhu prevailed over 91st-ranked, Kim 21-12 21-17 in the summit clash that lasted 45 minutes at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion here.
The bronze-medallist at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, Sindhu faced tough competition from Kim, who had come into the finals after beating seventh seed Chinese Yu Sun but the experienced Indian held her nerves to stave off the challenge from the Korean.
Kim started off on an aggressive note and found the gaps easily to lead 3-0. Sindhu slowly started to decode her rival's game and not only clawed back at 6-6 with deceptive net play but led 7-6.
Kim wriggled her way out of difficult situation with the help of her back hand returns but she faced resistance from the experienced Sindhu, who used her smashes to notch up winners and entered the interval 11-8 up.
Sindhu dominated the long rallies after the break and caught Kim at the forecourt twice. She also earned points with her soft taps to rush to 19-9 when Kim failed to return a net shot.
The Korean earned a couple of winners with her cross court returns but Sindhu soon reached the game point after making Kim run to four corners of the court. The Indian then clinched the opening game in 20 minutes with a sharp return which Kim couldn't negotiate.

Ferguson shooting: Police officer who fired at Michael Brown resignsOfficer Darren Wilson in a evidence photo from the Ferguson Police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, released by the St. Louis County Prosecutor's Office. (Reuters photo)
The Ferguson police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown has resigned.
Darren Wilson, who had been on administrative leave since the August 9 shooting, resigned effective immediately, according to his lawyer, Neil Bruntrager, who declined further comment Saturday. An attorney for Brown's family didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
More than 100 protesters gathered near police headquarters, where they were outnumbered by officers, following the news. At least one person was arrested after a brief standoff, but many seemed unfazed by the resignation. Several shrugged.
"We were not after Wilson's job," civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton added later in a written statement. "We were after Michael Brown's justice."
Brown, who was black, was unarmed when Wilson, who is white, fatally shot him in the middle of a Ferguson street, where his body was left for several hours as police investigated and angry onlookers gathered.
A protester holds up a sign while demonstrating against Brown's shooting, outside of Macy's in Herald Square during the Black Friday shopping day in New York on Friday. (Reuters photo)
Some witnesses have said Brown had his hands up when Wilson shot him. Wilson told a grand jury that he feared for his life when Brown hit him and reached for his gun. The grand jury later decided not to indict him.
For some Americans on opposite sides of a national debate, Brown has now become a symbol , epitomising their polarised views on who bears the blame for the toll of young black men killed by police officers.
Brown was a gentle giant, in one version. A defiant troublemaker, in another.
Yet as more details of the 18-year-old's life and death emerge, his legacy in the eyes of many is more nuanced, reflecting the ups and downs and challenges faced by many young Americans. New protests - sometimes violent - erupted around the country this week after a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson who shot the unarmed Brown.
Wilson, who had been with the Ferguson Police Department for less than three years, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch he decided to step down after the department told him it had received threats of violence if he remained on the force.
"I'm not willing to let someone else get hurt because of me," Wilson told the newspaper.
Ferguson officials planned to make a statement on Wilson's resignation Sunday, said Stephanie Karr, city attorney for Ferguson. Karr earlier this week said Wilson had been on paid leave pending the outcome of an internal police investigation.
The US Justice Department is conducting a civil rights investigation into the shooting and a separate investigation of police department practices.
In the days after the shooting, tense and sometimes violent protests occurred in and around Ferguson, a predominantly black community patrolled by a mostly white police force. Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called in the National Guard to help.
On Monday night, when prosecutors announced that the grand jury declined to indict Wilson, the St. Louis suburb of 20,000 residents was ravaged by looting and violence. By Tuesday, Nixon had sent more than 2,200 National Guard members to the area.
Though protests calmed significantly, more than 100 people have been arrested since Monday.
Demonstrations, which also have been held other US cities, were expected to continue.
A woman lies in the street during a demonstration against the grand jury's decision in the Ferguson shooting of Michael Brown, in Los Angeles on Friday. (Reuters photo)

Hosni Mubarak: Fallen Egypt ruler who fought backprint
Supporters of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak celebrate after hearing the verdict of his trial in Cairo. (Reuters Photo)
Hosni Mubarak, who on Saturday escaped murder charges , ruled Egypt with an iron grip for three decades until he was forced from power by the 2011 democratic uprisings that swept the region.
The 86-year-old's spectacular fall from grace sent shock waves across the Middle East and beyond when he announced his resignation on February 11, 2011 after an 18-day popular revolt.
Just months later, in April, he was arrested and subsequently charged with various crimes, including corruption and inciting the killing of hundreds of people during the uprising.
In 2012, he was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. He appealed, and a retrial was ordered. A court on Saturday acquitted him of both sets of charges.
A supporter of Mubarak holds his portrait as a medical helicopter takes off outside Maadi military hospital transporting the deposed leader to the court in Cairo for his trial. (AFP Photo)
Mubarak, who will remain imprisoned for three years in a separate corruption case, broke into a smile after the verdict was issued.
Applause erupted and his sons and co-defendants stooped down to kiss his forehead as he lay on a stretcher inside their caged dock.
The decision came after an appeals court overturned an initial life sentence for Mubarak in 2012 on a technicality.
His lawyer said Saturday's verdict was "a good ruling that proved the integrity of Mubarak's era".
Until protests erupted on January 25, 2011, Mubarak had seemed untouchable as president of the Arab world's most populous nation, backed by the United States and the military, from whose ranks he had emerged.
He had survived 10 attempts on his life, most of them by Islamists, but in the end, it was a popular uprising that brought him down.
It was a blow he found hard to accept.
 
Mubarak greets medics, army personnel and his supporters, as he leaves a helicopter ambulance after it landed at Maadi Military Hospital following his verdict in Cairo.(AP Photo/Amr Nabil)
Unexpected rise to power
 
After his overthrow, Mubarak said he and his family were the victims of "false claims that seek to ruin my reputation and challenge my integrity".
And following his life sentence, his health deteriorated and he spent much of his time in a military-run hospital.
He recovered but was reportedly deeply depressed by the election of Mohamed Morsi, the candidate of his long-time foe the Muslim Brotherhood, as president later the same month.
Morsi has been held in detention since the army deposed him in July 2013.
Mubarak rose to power unexpectedly, when president Anwar Sadat, who made history by signing a peace deal with Israel, was gunned down by an Islamist officer at a military parade on October 6, 1981.
He took office a week later and ruled without interruption until his overthrow.
Islamist militants were responsible for most of the attempts to kill Mubarak, including a failed bid to fire rockets at his plush Cairo residence.
In 1995, militants opened fire on his motorcade in Addis Ababa.
With his jet black hair, which he has maintained even in jail, Mubarak had a reputation for vigour and was once known to play squash almost daily.
But that image suffered in 2003 when he fainted while addressing parliament.
 
Guarded private life
 
In 2004, he underwent surgery for a slipped disc in Germany, where he returned in 2010 for the removal of his gall bladder and a growth on the small intestine.
Mubarak, whose wife Suzanne is half Welsh, has always kept his private life a carefully guarded secret.
He was born on May 4, 1928 in the Nile Delta village of Menufiyah and rose through the ranks of the air force, fighting in repeated wars with Israel, before supporting Sadat in pursuing peace with the Jewish state in 1979.
In office, he maintained the unpopular policy of peace with Israel and accommodation with the West that cost Sadat his life.
Mubarak's government was the frequent target of domestic opposition -- ranging from the Brotherhood to secular and liberal dissidents -- who were often jailed.
An anti-Mubarak protester reacts after hearing the verdict of the trial of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak outside a police academy on the outskirts of Cairo. (Reuters photo)
His regime mercilessly crushed militant groups, which carried out attacks in the 1980s, 1990s and in 2004 and 2006, when tourist resorts were targeted.
Mubarak's ties with the US and Israel drew criticism from across the region, especially during the 2006 Israeli war in Lebanon and Israel's Gaza offensive in 2008-2009.
A few days into the uprising, Washington deserted him -- belatedly in the view of many Egyptians -- and it was only some Gulf Arab states that backed him to the end.

ET Magazine | Is healthcare next web money-s...How counterfeits compete with the great masters in India's fledgling art market
By Suman Layak , ET Bureau | 30 Nov, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Do not be a lazy buyer Read and educate yourself. The signature of the artist is often easiest to forge. See if you can spot the trademarks of the artists work or identify his/her brushstrokes?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It can happen to the best. As it did to Vickram Sethi, art dealer, auctioneer and chairman of the Institute of Contemporary Art .
Circa 2008, Sethi is sitting in his office in South Mumbai's art district, Kala Ghoda. After carefully looking at a fullsized Husain painting, it dawns on Sethi that he is being duped. Only a few days ago he had paid an advance of Rs 1 lakh after seeing an image of the painting and an art dealer had transported it over from Delhi. After seeing it for real in his gallery, Sethi was 90% sure it was a fake.
What followed was dramatic. Sethi locked up his gallery and refused to pay the balance of Rs 70-80 lakh. He also refused to let the painting be taken out unless he got a refund of the advance. After a few hours the dealer relented.
At the time of the incident MF Husain, the celebrated painter, had already moved to Dubai. Sethi digs deep into his memory to recall why he rejected the painting. The legs and knees of the horses were not right and the shape of the mane was different from Husain's trademark style. A full sheet Husain today can easily cost between Rs 22 lakh and Rs 30 lakh and more (a 4x6 can touch Rs 90 lakh) and there's no upper limit. Taking the "fake" hostage was probably worth it.
Here's a more recent example of a brush with dodgy art. A young lady, recommended by a painter of repute, approached businessman Harsh Goenka with a Husain painting in mid-2014.
Goenka, chairman of RPG Enterprises and one of the biggest art collectors in India, liked the painting. But, on a hunch, he sent it to art dealer Dadiba Pundole, who has dealt with a lot of Husain's work. Pundole pointed out to Goenka that while Husain's English signature on the painting matched, his signature in Hindi was wrong.
Also, the arrows in a scene showing Bhisma Pitamah on his deathbed were pointing upwards, the wrong direction. Husain had done this Mahabharata scene in many of his paintings. Goenka adds: "Also it was too perfect. Husain is never too perfect in his arrangement."
The seller claimed she had no idea that it was a fake and Goenka sent her away with the painting. Not every art buyer is as fortunate. Many end up with duds.
For instance, art consultant Mallika Advani , formerly with international art auctioneer Christie's, talks about a friend who recently came to her with two paintings of celebrated painter FN Souza.
She needed money to tide over a distress. Advani was, however, shocked to find that both the paintings were obvious fakes.
Welcome to the quicksand called the fledgling Indian art market , barely 15 years old, and yet to build its institutions.

Polands digital start-ups eye far shores© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60529cf0-52c8-11e4-9221-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politicians rue faux pas in class-bound UK© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa234dce-7704-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mitchell faces 3m bill for Plebgate caseAndrew Mitchell faces £3m bill after ‘Plebgate’ case is thrown out
Jim Pickard, Chief Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e51b600-765e-11e4-a704-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police lied about Mitchell pleb claims  court told‘Police lied’ about Mitchell pleb claims, court told
Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df2c78de-6e61-11e4-bffb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Grading the Federal Reserves readabilityGrading the Federal Reserve’s readability
Tracy Alloway in New York
Central bank garrulousness has implications for the wider market, writes Tracy Alloway
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53510a62-76d3-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dangers of the dollar-bull consensus© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1345d682-7548-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Feds game of pretend must end soonNovember 26, 2014 5:44 am
Fed’s game of pretend must end soon
Tad Rivelle
Rate rise delay will make deleveraging more painful
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7df68668-7019-11e4-bc6a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Donald Tusk on Putin  Brexit and Arsenal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72d9b928-7558-11e4-b1bf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tusks poll ratings fall as voting marathon loomsDonald Tusk’s poll ratings fall as voting marathon looms
By Jan Cienski
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/571bcdce-193e-11e3-83b9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jhunjunwala s Rare Buys Spicejet SharesFund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
Mumbai: Amid SpiceJet facing tough business conditions, Ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala's Rare Enterprises on Friday picked up 75 lakh shares in the no frills carrier for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route.
The share purchase comes days after SpiceJet said that a few parties have evinced interest in making investments in it.
According to bulk deal details with the BSE, Rare Enterprises acquired 75 lakh shares. Based on the total number of shares of more than 53.5 crore at the end of September, Friday's share sale would amount to about a 1.4 per cent stake.
The shares were bought for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece, valuing the transaction size at Rs 13.41 crore.
Seller of the SpiceJet shares could not be immediately ascertained.
SpiceJet shares surged 18.36 per cent to settle the day at 18.24 apiece on the BSE.
On November 24, SpiceJet had informed exchanges that "a few parties have approached us and evinced interest in making investments...as the company has been exploring various options for raising fresh capital".
It had also said that deliberations with prospective investors were "at an exploratory and preliminary stage".
Story first published on: November 28, 2014 16:55 (IST)

Plebgate officer admits to lyingPlebgate officer admits to lying
By Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5f64908-7a22-11e3-8211-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Imitation GameAlan Turing is seen in this undated file photo.
Heritage Images/Getty Images
Share
Copy
Sixty years after his death, Alan Turing is back in the public eye.
Turing, a British mathematician who helped defeat the Nazis by cracking their codes, is played by Benedict Cumberbatch in the film "The Imitation Game," which is released today.
Even if this is the first time you've heard Turing's name, chances are you've already experienced his impact.
The "Turing Machine" was the first modern computer to logically process information, running on interchangeable software and essentially laying the groundwork for every computing device we have today -- from laptops to smartphones.
Turing also predicted that computers would keep getting smarter. In 1950, he devised an artificial intelligence test that asks, "Can machines think?"
Known as the "Turing Test," it investigates whether people can detect if they are conversing with a human or a computer. In order to pass, a computer must be mistaken for a human by 30 percent of judges during a series of five-minute keyboard conversations.
Earlier this year, an artificially intelligent "teenager" became the first computer to pass the test by successfully duping enough judges into believing they were conversing with a real human, according to the University of Reading, which organizes the annual event.
The Weinstein Company/YouTube
PHOTO: Benedict Cumberbatch is Alan Turing in 'Imitation Game.'
Despite his tremendous contributions to computer science and his role in the war effort, Turing was arrested and charged under a law that criminalized homosexuality in the United Kingdom.
As part of a deal to avoid prison time, Turning agreed to be injected with female sex hormones. He died on June 7, 1954 -- believed to be a suicide by eating an apple poisoned with cyanide.
He was posthumously pardoned last year by Queen Elizabeth II .

Court drops Egypt uprising deaths chargesLast updated: November 29, 2014 2:53 pm
Egyptian court drops case against Mubarak over protester deaths
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/389a4578-77b2-11e4-9f13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwan premier resigns after local election defeatNovember 29, 2014 3:33 pm
Taiwan premier resigns after opposition wins local elections
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e620670-77db-11e4-9f13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goth Samaritan who turned round Givenchy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbdee454-755e-11e4-b1bf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Travel magazine ranks Hyderabad second best place to see in 2015Travel magazine ranks Hyderabad second best place to see in 2015
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 28:  
Hyderabad is the second best place in the world that one should see in 2015, according to an international travel publication.
The Presidio of San Francisco in the US ranked first on the ‘Best of the World — 20 Places You Should See in 2015’ list, published in the annual guide of ‘Traveler’ magazine of the National Geographic.
The December 2014-January 2015 issue ranked Hyderabad at second position on the list, which included cities such as Zermatt in Switzerland, the National Mall in Washington D.C, Corsica, Choquequirao in Peru, Sark in the Channel Islands, Koyasan in Japan, Oklahoma City, and Maramures in Romania.
“Stories of Hyderabad’s poetic past weave amid strings of programming code in this South Eastern India city that was home to one of the richest men in the world, Mir Osman Ali Khan, the last ruling nizam of Hyderabad,” the periodical said.
It goes on to talk about how Hyderabad has now become a seedbed for many global IT brands, the opulent Taj Falaknuma Palace, Irani cafes, fifth generation pearl merchants and other attractions.
According to the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014, Hyderabad will remain the common capital of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana for a period not exceeding 10 years; thereafter it will be part and parcel of Telangana.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

All eyes on Sajad Lone as Kashmir gears up for second phase pollingAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
The second phase of polling in Kashmir on December 2 will witness several high profile candidates including separatist-turned-mainstream politician Sajjad Lone and the lone woman minister in the present government Sakina Itoo trying their luck at the hustings.
While political observers are keenly watching the polling pattern in all the nine constituencies in the Valley, the Handwara constituency in north Kashmir’s Kupwara district will draw special attention as Lone is contesting his maiden Assembly election from the seat.
Lone, whose father Abdul Gani was a three-time MLA before joining the separatist ranks when militancy erupted, broke off from the ranks in 2009 and contested the Lok Sabha polls that year but came a distant third.
The senior Lone had represented Handwara constituency thrice from 1967 to 1983. He also won in the 1983 Assembly elections but from Karnah seat of the district.
The junior Lone, whose elder brother Bilal is an executive member in the moderate faction of Hurriyat Conference, will be banking on immense goodwill his father enjoyed in Handwara and its adjoining areas to sail through.
In a surprise move, Lone met Prime Minister Narendra Modi earlier this month saying the BJP leader came across as an “elder brother”. What did not come as a surprise was BJP not fielding a candidate from Handwara.
Lone will be up against National Conference candidate Chaudhary Mohammad Ramzan, who is seeking a fifth term having won all elections since 1983 except the 2002 polls when Ghulam Mohiuddin Sofi won as an Independent.
Sofi’s victory in the 2002 elections was seen as a result of covert support extended to him by Sajad Lone, which led to a vertical split in Hurriyat
Conference in 2003 as hardline separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani accused Lone of fielding proxy candidates.
Sofi completes the triangle of the contest for Handwara seat as he is the PDP candidate.
There are three sitting MLAs, including CPI(M) face in Jammu and Kashmir Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami, seeking a fourth consecutive term during Tuesday’s polling.
Tarigami first came to prominence in 1996 when he was elected, with National Conference support, from the Kulgam assembly segment in south Kashmir.
But when Tarigami won again in 2002, he reminded the National Conference leaders, then in Opposition, that he did not need their support after all.
After two comfortable wins, Tarigami had some nervous moments on the counting day in 2008 elections as he prevailed over the PDP candidate by just 236 votes on the back of migrant votes which overturned the deficit.
With PDP sweeping the south Kashmir in Lok Sabha polls earlier this year, the party candidate from Kulgam Nazir Ahmad Laway is hoping for a win.
National Conference candidates from Karnah and Kupwara — Kafeelur Rehman and Mir Saifullah respectively — are also seeking a fourth consecutive term from their respective seats.
In the Noorabad constituency of south Kashmir, Social Welfare Minister and National Conference candidate Ittoo will be hoping that the LS poll results will not have much of an effect in the Assembly elections.
She had won from Noorabad in 1996 but lost in 2002. She wrested the seat again in the 2008 polls.
Besides Ittoo, Deputy Speaker and PDP candidate from Devsar seat is seeking a third consecutive term. His party colleague and candidate from Homshalibugh Abdul Gaffar Sofi has won the past two elections and will be hoping for a hat-trick this time.
Firebrand Independent MLA from Langate Abdul Rashid Sheikh, who was also seen as a proxy of Sajad Lone in the 2008 elections, will be hoping that he can retain the seat on his own this time.
Sheikh, who took on the government on several issues including the hanging of Parliament attack convict Mohammad Afzal Guru, started his term by extended issue-based support to the Omar Abdullah-led government. He had won by a slender margin of 260 votes in 2008.
National Conference stalwart Shariefuddin Shariq is not contesting the elections as the party has fielded little-known Wali Mohammad while PDP’s Mohammad Sultan Pandithpori, who was the runners-up six years ago, is also out of way due to ill health. The party has fielded his brother Ghulam Nabi Panditpori from the segment.
TAGS: Jammu And Kashmir Sajjad Lone
More from miscellaneous

M-commerce to contribute 70% of online shop...Amazon India
(Mobile internet users in…)
MUMBAI: Shopping online through smartphones is expected to be a game changer shortly and industry experts believe that m-commerce would contribute up to 70 per cent of their total revenues.
"In India, the mobile internet traffic now outweighs personal computer traffic. With increasing penetration of smartphones, India is all set to be a massive market for m-commerce. The marketing strategies for e-commerce companies will increasingly be tailored to suit the rising adoption of smartphones, social media and improving customer experience across touch points and platforms," Amazon India Vice President and Country Manager Amit Agarwal said.
He said that more than 40 per cent of their traffic comes from mobile devices.
Mobile internet users in India are estimated to be 120 million compared to 100 million users using internet on their personal computers.
"Close to 60 per cent of our orders are coming over mobile now. It is growing really fast. We get more traffic on the mobile than we get on personal computers. Within the next 12 months over 75 per cent of our orders will be on mobile," Snapdeal co-founder Kunal Bahl said.
Fashion portal retailer Myntra.com expects close to 70 per cent of revenue coming through mobiles this fiscal.
"Myntra.com has witnessed phenomenal activity on the m-commerce front, with smartphones gaining prominence as the preferred mode to access and shop for fashion brands in the country.
"Currently, close to 50 per cent of our business is driven by m-commerce and with the launch of our Mobile App across all platforms (Android, iOS and Windows), we expect this figure to grow to 70 per cent by end of this fiscal," Myntra Chief Product and Technology Officer Shamik Sharma said.
M-commerce is estimated to be 30 per cent of the $ 3 billion e-tailing industry and is likely to grow to nearly 40 per cent of the industry that is expected to be 32 billion by 2020, according to Technopak Senior Vice President, Retail and Consumer Products Ankur Bisen.
Flipkart Senior Director Marketing Mausam Bhatt said e-commerce industry is gradually progressing to be a m-commerce industry.
"I think the way e-commerce industry is evolving it is becoming more of a mobile-commerce industry. If you look at Flipkart a year ago, less than 10 per cent of our orders, transactions and visits used to come from mobile commerce.
"Now those numbers are greater than 50 per cent for us. It is accelerating at a very rapid pace. We are seeing more than 2 times or 3 times growth from the mobile front compared to desktop, where Flipkart is growing overall but mobile is growing at a much faster pace," he said.
  For fashion portal Jabong, m-commerce constitutes 30 per cent of its sales and Founder and Chief Executive Officer Arun Chandra Mohan said it will drive the growth of the sector.
"The internet penetration is increasing exponentially. The existing users are spending more time on internet. New users are increasing significantly. The mobile users are scaling up. So even in Jabong, we have invested heavily on mobile app.
"Close to 30 per cent of our revenues is coming from mobile. Penetration is increasing and existing users are coming back very strongly. M-commerce will drive the e-commerce growth going forward and right now it is a very strong enabler," he said.
Flipkart's Bhatt said there is an increasing growth in commerce from the non-metro cities which is primarily driven through smartphones.
He pointed out that in India almost 70-75 per cent of the people primarily access internet via their phones, which is driving a lot of growth for a lot of companies.
"It enables them to expand their market outside of the traditional metro regions where a lot of e-commerce players are historically focused on and that is one of the big driving factors why e-commerce companies are now focusing on the mobile segment," he said.
He further said m-commerce story in India is proving to be a game changer at the global level.
"If you look at the benchmark from the US companies or the Chinese companies, the percentage of revenue that is driven from m-commerce in India is significantly higher than lot of those companies and countries," he said.
Myntra's Sharma said mobile is an important mode to increase revenues and acquire customers.
"Mobile is now one of our most strategic channels for driving revenue and customer acquisition. We are investing to build strong technology and marketing platforms that will allow us to accelerate our growth on mobile," Sharma said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consolidation Key for Banking Industry Growth: Uday KotakAlstom T&D India Bags Rs 151 Crore Order From Rajasthan
Mumbai: Having sealed a mega deal to merge ING Vysya Bank with itself, Kotak Mahindra Bank's chief Uday Kotak has said consolidation is very important for growth of the domestic banking industry.
The banking industry is largely fragmented in India with 46 commercial banks, nearly half of which are state-run entities but only two of them figure among the world's 100 largest banks.
Besides, there have not been many mergers in the Indian banking space and the merger of ING Vysya Bank with Kotak Mahindra Bank is the first major deal since private sector leader ICICI Bank's takeover of Bank of Rajasthan about four years ago.
"Frankly speaking, consolidation is very important in Indian banking industry because to finance India's future financing needs, you need banks of size and this is one step towards that," Mr Kotak told PTI in an interview here.
The all-share transaction to merge ING Vysya Bank would create India's fourth largest private sector bank after ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, respectively. Incidentally, acquisitions have played a key role in growth of the two largest lenders.
"If you just look at our balance sheet on combined basis, it is Rs 2 lakh crore and the market cap will be over Rs 1 lakh crore," Mr Kotak said, while explaining the upside from the merger valued at over Rs 15,000 crore.
"If you look at the private sector, we will be the fourth largest and we see a significant upside. We are very well capitalised and we would not need any additional capital and therefore there is no plans to have any dilution in short to medium term. Our ability to grow is significant," he added.
Asked about the future growth prospects and whether the merged entity would be one of the global banks from India in next five years, he said, "The key thing and our internal mantra is bigger, bolder and better."
"So, we have to be bigger, we have to be bolder and we have to be better. Around this theme, we want to build a financial institution out of India which the country should be proud of."
"Size is important, but the quality of a financial institution in terms of what it does is also very important and this would include quality of our products, quality of our service and customers and that is much more important in my mind. Having said that, size is important to relevance too," Mr Kotak said.
On positioning of the merged entity, he said, "We are going to position ourselves as a world-class financial institution. We want to do things that are comparable to the best in the world. At the same time, we want to have a very strong human qualities. On combined basis, we would have 40,000 employees."
He expects the deal to get all necessary approvals by end of March 2015.
Story first published on: November 30, 2014 13:44 (IST)

M-commerce to contribute up to 70 pct of online shopping: ExpertsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Shopping online through smartphones is expected to be a game changer shortly and industry experts believe that m-commerce would contribute up to 70 per cent of their total revenues.
“In India, the mobile internet traffic now outweighs personal computer traffic. With increasing penetration of smartphones, India is all set to be a massive market for m-commerce. The marketing strategies for e-commerce companies will increasingly be tailored to suit the rising adoption of smartphones, social media and improving customer experience across touch points and platforms,” Amazon India Vice President and Country Manager Amit Agarwal told PTI.
He said that more than 40 per cent of their traffic comes from mobile devices.
Mobile internet users in India are estimated to be 120 million compared to 100 million users using internet on their personal computers.
“Close to 60 per cent of our orders are coming over mobile now. It is growing really fast. We get more traffic on the mobile than we get on personal computers. Within the next 12 months over 75 per cent of our orders will be on mobile,” Snapdeal co-founder Kunal Bahl said.
Fashion portal retailer Myntra.com expects close to 70 per cent of revenue coming through mobiles this fiscal.
“Myntra.com has witnessed phenomenal activity on the m-commerce front, with smartphones gaining prominence as the preferred mode to access and shop for fashion brands in the country.
“Currently, close to 50 per cent of our business is driven by m-commerce and with the launch of our Mobile App across all platforms (Android, iOS and Windows), we expect this figure to grow to 70 per cent by end of this fiscal,” Myntra Chief Product and Technology Officer Shamik Sharma said.
M-commerce is estimated to be 30 per cent of the USD 3 billion e-tailing industry and is likely to grow to nearly 40 per cent of the industry that is expected to be 32 billion by 2020, according to Technopak Senior Vice President, Retail and Consumer Products Ankur Bisen.
Flipkart Senior Director Marketing Mausam Bhatt said e-commerce industry is gradually progressing to be a m-commerce industry.
“I think the way e-commerce industry is evolving it is becoming more of a mobile-commerce industry. If you look at Flipkart a year ago, less than 10 per cent of our orders, transactions and visits used to come from mobile commerce.
“Now those numbers are greater than 50 per cent for us. It is accelerating at a very rapid pace. We are seeing more than 2 times or 3 times growth from the mobile front compared to desktop, where Flipkart is growing overall but mobile is growing at a much faster pace,” he said.
For fashion portal Jabong, m-commerce constitutes 30 per cent of its sales and Founder and Chief Executive Officer Arun Chandra Mohan said it will drive the growth of the sector.
“The internet penetration is increasing exponentially. The existing users are spending more time on internet. New users are increasing significantly. The mobile users are scaling up. So even in Jabong, we have invested heavily on mobile app.
“Close to 30 per cent of our revenues is coming from mobile. Penetration is increasing and existing users are coming back very strongly. M-commerce will drive the e-commerce growth going forward and right now it is a very strong enabler,” he said.
Flipkart’s Bhatt said there is an increasing growth in commerce from the non-metro cities which is primarily driven through smartphones.
He pointed out that in India almost 70-75 per cent of the people primarily access internet via their phones, which is driving a lot of growth for a lot of companies.
“It enables them to expand their market outside of the traditional metro regions where a lot of e-commerce players are historically focused on and that is one of the big driving factors why e-commerce companies are now focusing on the mobile segment,” he said.
He further said m-commerce story in India is proving to be a game changer at the global level.
“If you look at the benchmark from the US companies or the Chinese companies, the percentage of revenue that is driven from m-commerce in India is significantly higher than lot of those companies and countries,” he said.
Myntra’s Sharma said mobile is an important mode to increase revenues and acquire customers.
“Mobile is now one of our most strategic channels for driving revenue and customer acquisition. We are investing to build strong technology and marketing platforms that will allow us to accelerate our growth on mobile,” Sharma said.
TAGS: Online Shopping
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

30 Minutes: Battle for Jammu & KashmirHockey India suspends playing ties with Pakistan
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Week Ahead : RBI policy to set the trendThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Policeman in Ferguson shooting resignsNovember 30, 2014 4:11 am
Police officer in Ferguson shooting resigns
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06cbc6f2-7843-11e4-a483-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Malala and Satyarthi win Nobel PrizeOctober 10, 2014 10:34 am
Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi win Nobel Peace Prize
By David Crouch in Gothenburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fce16ca-5049-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jean Tirole wins Nobel Economics PrizeJean Tirole wins Nobel Prize for Economics
By Sarah O’Connor in London and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7867c2c6-52c7-11e4-9221-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French author Modiano wins Nobel PrizeFrance’s Patrick Modiano wins 2014 Nobel Prize for Literature
By Lorien Kite in London and Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4dee7506-4fa9-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LED invention wins Nobel Prize for physicsLED invention wins Nobel Prize for physics
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be5d3fd4-4e05-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brussels warns France over budgetFrance faces possible sanctions from Brussels on budget
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5ccf3d4-76e2-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UMP battle appears to be Sarkozys to loseFrance’s UMP party stumbles in its search for direction
Adam Thomson in Lille
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6513cb4c-76e0-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gas price in India to dip to USD 5 in 3 years: Goldman SachsTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
The new natural gas price of USD 5.61, which is already among the lowest in Asia Pacific, is likely to drop to around USD 5 per unit in three years due to the variables included in the formula, Goldman Sachs has said.
“While the Indian government introduced a new gas price regime in October, we believe clear direction is needed on gas pricing for higher-cost projects, such as deepwater, to induce more E&P capex,” the global financial major said in a report.
Stating that Indian prices for new projects are among the lowest in Asia Pacific, Goldman said China pays explorers USD 11.9 per mmBtu (million British Thermal Unit) rate for new projects while Indonesia and the Philippines price the fuel at USD 11 and USD 10.5 respectively.
Gas from offshore fields in Myanmar, where Indian firms ONGC and GAIL have stake, are sold to China for USD 7.72. Thailand prices gas from new projects at USD 8.2 per mmBtu.
The only nations with lower rates are Vietnam (USD 5.2) and Malaysia (USD 5), it said.
“We also find that under the new pricing formula, the price of currently produced gas will gradually fall to USD 5 per mmBtu over the next three years from current USD 5.61 per mmBtu, implying falling margins as costs rise,” Goldman said.
The government had last month approved a new formula that priced all domestic gas at weighted average of rates prevalent in gas-surplus economies of US/Mexico, Canada and Russia.
“This, along with uncertain prospects in largely unexplored basins, could reduce the attractiveness of India as a future E&P destination, in our view,” it said.
On the premium that the government had last month said would be given to future discoveries in difficult areas like deepsea, it said, “The premium for gas from high-cost basins should be linked to international benchmarks rather than be based on block by block negotiation, in our view.”
“…we believe clear direction is needed on gas pricing for higher-cost projects, such as deepwater, to induce more exploration and production (E&P) capex,” it said.
Goldman said encouraging domestic E&P was critical for the Indian oil and gas sector in order to check the rising dependence on imports.
“We note that apart from high oil import dependence at 80 per cent, India’s gas import dependence has also jumped to 35 per cent today vs. 20 per cent in FY10,” it said.
TAGS: Gas Price Goldman Sachs
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Delhi: People protest against murder of 6-year-old child7
0
New Delhi: People were out on streets in the national capital protesting against the murder of 6-year-old child in Ranjit Nagar on Saturday.
The police have arrested a 17-year-old youth for the murder.
The child's dead body was found with his throat slit along with multiple stab wounds. The juvenile had kidnapped the child and demanded a ransom of Rs 1.5 lakh from his family.
The child's dead body was found with his throat slit along with multiple stab wounds.
#delhi #protest #child murder #ranjit nagar
According to the Delhi Police, the juvenile wanted money to buy an iPhone.
Police said the accused killed the child as he was scared of being caught. The protesters have demanded strict action against the juvenile.
The juvenile has now been sent to observation home.
3

Assam infiltration: Govt to go ahead with land swapping pact  says ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi being felicitated with the traditional Assamese Japi, Gamocha and wooden one horned rhino during a BJP workers' meet in Guwahati on Sunday. -- PTI
Guwahati, Nov 30:  
Focusing on security issues in Assam, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said his Government will go ahead with the land swapping agreement with Bangladesh for a permanent solution to the infiltration problem.
“I know Assam’s problems. I assure you all that there will be no compromise on Assam’s security. Land swapping will be done for a permanent solution,” he told a BJP workers’ meeting here.
“I know the sentiment of Assamese people regarding a land swapping deal. I assure you, we will move ahead considering the country’s and Assam’s welfare. Assam will gain in the long term even if it looks like losing in short term,” he said.
The Government will close all roads to the forces who are destroying the State “on a daily basis” and the law will take its own course to punish them, he said, adding, everything will be done for development and job generation in the North-East.
Referring to the ambitious Jan Dhan Yojna, the Prime Minister said, “BJP is working to bring the poor to the mainstream. The poor had never entered the banks (before). We have opened bank doors for them.
“The PSU banks are working very hard now. Every week, one crore bank accounts are being opened. Earlier, one crore accounts were opened not even in one month, but in one year.”
He said the BJP has for the first time fought elections on the single issue of development and forced other parties to consider this issue prominently.
“The BJP Government has only one motto and it is development. No party had the courage to fight elections on the development issue. In Maharashtra, Haryana and now in Jharkhand, all parties are talking about development,” he said.
Modi said the people have seen almost all parties, including those run by families, in government and are now seeing the BJP rule at the Centre.
“BJP doesn’t do politics on the basis of casteism, communalism or regionalism. We don’t accept that road. BJP always did politics of nationalism. We believe in development with all and for all,” he added.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Woman journalist who received online rape threats pulls off ultimaterevengeBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:37 pm
An Australian gaming journalist from Brisbane who received rape threats online tracked down the senders and informed their mothers about the offensive messages.
Alanah Pearce, 21, a media and communications student who reviews video games for radio stations and television received the threats on her Facebook page “Alanah ‘Charalanahzard’ Pearce”. She decided to take action herself by reaching out to the parents of her abusers.
“A while ago, I realised that a lot of the people who send disgusting or overly sexual comments to me over the internet aren’t adult males,” Pearce told Guardian Australia. “It turns out that mostly they’re young boys and the problem is they don’t know any better, so responding to them rationally didn’t resolve the situation. And it got to the point where their comments were starting to make me feel really uncomfortable.”
Sometimes young boys on Facebook send me rape threats, so I've started telling their mothers. pic.twitter.com/0Cbs81eXiE
— Alanah Pearce (@Charalanahzard) November 28, 2014
‘
The above tweet was retweeted over 33k times and she also appeared on TV to talk about the response she received.
In 2013, Alanah penned a piece on sexism for Australian gaming website Kotaku titled ’30 Days Of Sexism’.

United Spirits minority shareholders reject 9 proposals at EGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PV Sindhu defends Macau Open title  beats Kim Hyo Min 21-1221-17By: Press Trust of India | Macau |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:05 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 5:15 pm
Two-time World Championship bronze medallist P V Sindhu lifted her first title of the season by successfully defending the USD 120,000 Macau Grand Prix Gold trophy after seeing off Kim Hyo Min of Korea in the women’s singles finals, in Macau on Sunday.
World No. 11 Sindhu prevailed over 91st-ranked, Kim 21-12 21-17 in the summit clash that lasted 45 minutes at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion in Macau.
The bronze-medallist at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, Sindhu faced tough competition from Kim, who had come into the finals after beating seventh seed Chinese Yu Sun but the experienced Indian held her nerves to stave off the challenge from the Korean.
Kim started off on an aggressive note and found the gaps easily to lead 3-0. Sindhu slowly started to decode her rival’s game and not only clawed back at 6-6 with deceptive net play but led 7-6.
Kim wriggled her way out of difficult situation with the help of her back hand returns but she faced resistance from the experienced Sindhu, who used her smashes to notch up winners and entered the interval 11-8 up.
Sindhu dominated the long rallies after the break and caught Kim at the forecourt twice. She also earned points with her soft taps to rush to 19-9 when Kim failed to return a net shot.
The Korean earned a couple of winners with her cross court returns but Sindhu soon reached the game point after making Kim run to four corners of the court. The Indian then clinched the opening game in 20 minutes with a sharp return which Kim couldn’t negotiate.
After changing sides, Kim lost a few points hitting long and wide but her cross court slices helped her move neck and neck at 7-7.
Kim went into the lead when Sindhu made some misjudged at the baseline. The Indian also struggled with the length of her fast attacking lifts, allowing Kim to go into lead at 11-8.
Sindhu, however, got back her bearing after the breather as she drew parity and then went into a 13-11 lead with five straight points. Kim gathered two points to once again fight back to 13-13 but the Korean struggled with the drift and hit long and wide to be 13-17 behind.
Kim grabbed a point with two impressive forecourt returns and aided by Sindhu’s error in judgement at the baseline moved to 16-17. A long fierce rally ensued which Sindhu won after pushing the shuttle at the back of the court.
Sindhu earned a healthy four match-point lead when Kim failed to return a shot. Kim saved one when the Indian hit wide but with the Korean herself sending the shuttle out after that, Sindhu clinched her first title of the season.
Sindhu had lost the Syed Modi Grand Prix Gold final to fellow Indian Saina Nehwal in January this year.

Qatar: US couple absolved in childsdeathBy: Associated Press | Doha |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:59 pm
A Qatari appeals court on Sunday overturned a ruling against an American couple over the death of their adopted daughter and said they are free to leave, ending a closely watched legal saga that may have stemmed from cultural misunderstandings in the conservative Gulf nation.
Los Angeles couple Matthew and Grace Huang, who were originally jailed on murder charges following the January 2013 death of their adopted daughter Gloria, headed to the airport soon after the ruling to try to leave Qatar, said Eric Volz, who is coordinating legal and publicity efforts for the family.
The couple was convicted of child endangerment and sentenced to three years in prison in March. They were allowed to remain free pending their appeal but could not leave the wealthy OPEC nation. The Huangs say 8-year-old Gloria died of medical problems complicated by unusual eating habits that included periods of binging and self-starvation.
Prosecutors alleged she died after being denied food and locked in her room. The Huangs have two other African-born adopted children and have been pressing Qatari officials unsuccessfully for permission to leave the country to be with them. “It has been a long and emotional trial for me and my family, and Grace and I want to go home and be reunited with our sons,” Matthew Huang said after the ruling. “We have been unable to grieve our daughter.”
U.S. officials intervened on the couple’s behalf, with State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki last month urging Qatar to lift their travel ban immediately and bring the case to “an expeditious and just conclusion.” Qatar hosts an important American military air operations center involved in airstrikes against the Islamic State group.
Western-style adoptions and cross-cultural families are relatively rare in 2022 World Cup host Qatar, which has aggressively pursued a higher international profile through sporting events and overseas investments. A report by Qatari police had earlier raised questions about why the Huangs, who are of Asian descent, would adopt children who did not share their “hereditary traits.”

RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to review monetary policy onTuesdayBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:58 pm
It may be sheer coincidence that all monetary policy reviews by RBI Governor Raghuram Govind Rajan this fiscal have taken place on Tuesdays and this would be the case for the upcoming review this week as well.
In the current fiscal beginning April 1, 2014, Rajan has undertaken four monetary policy reviews so far and the fifth would take place on December 2, with all these five being on Tuesdays.
The former chief economist of IMF, who took over as RBI Governor on September 4, 2013, came out with four policy reviews during the previous fiscal as well and two of them took place again on Tuesdays. The other two reviews by Rajan were on Wednesday and Friday last fiscal.
As a result, six out of eight monetary policies announced by him during his entire tenure so far have been on Tuesdays. The ninth review, scheduled for this week, takes place on a Tuesday where RBI is widely expected to keep the benchmark rate unchanged.
Incidentally, Rajan has maintained the benchmark interest rate in all four reviews so far in the current fiscal citing high inflation, even as there has been a growing clamour for rate cuts by industry, the government and economists among others.
Surprising the industry and analysts completely, the RBI Governor in his first policy review in September last year raised the short-term policy (repo) rate by 0.25 per cent to 7.5 per cent to keep “worrisome” inflation under check. His fight against stubborn inflation gained pace the following month as well when he again hiked the repo rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 7.75 per cent. Rajan put a pause on rate hike on December 18, 2013 but said the RBI will hike interest rates if inflation does not subside in line with the expected declining trend.
Not happy with the inflation trend, RBI did hike repo rate by 0.25 per cent the very next month that is in January 29, 2014 by 0.25 per cent to 8 per cent. Since then, the central bank has left its benchmark rate unchanged despite pressure from all quarters.

Hughes  adopted town Adelaide can now host f...You are here: Home > Collections
Phillip Hughes's adopted home town of Adelaide can now host first Test
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 04.28PM IST
Tags:
Adelaide
(Cricket Australia yesterday…)
SYDNEY: The first Test between India and Australia may be shifted from Brisbane to Adelaide, the adopted home town of Phillip Hughes , providing both teams more time to come to terms with the tragic death of the cricketer who was to turn 26 today.
The 'Sydney Morning Herald' has reported that Adelaide, which was scheduled to host the second Test from December 12-16, could be the opening match of the four-match series.
The funeral of Hughes, who died after being hit by a bouncer during a domestic game, will take place in the sports hall of his old High School in Macksville, New South Wales on Wednesday.
The report further suggested that the Brisbane Test, supposed to take place from December 4, could be accommodated between the Adelaide Test and the Boxing Day Test (December 26-30). Hosting the match is also possible after the Sydney Test (January 3-7) , which precedes the ODI tri-series starting January 16.
Cricket Australia yesterday postponed the Brisbane Test to an unspecified date to give players more breathing space after Hughes' funeral.
CA CEO James Sutherland had said: "These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn't or wouldn't expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a Test match the day after farewelling (sic) one of their teammates. Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question."
"We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India. It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hughes adopted home town of Adelaide can now host first TestUpdated: December 3, 2014 13:19 IST
Hughes’ adopted home town of Adelaide can now host first Test
PTI
Tweet
Reuters
The first Test between India and Australia may be shifted from Brisbane to Adelaide, the adopted home town of Phillip Hughes, providing both teams more time to come to terms with the tragic death of the cricketer.
VIDEO
Test cricket
The first Test between India and Australia may be shifted from Brisbane to Adelaide, the adopted home town of Phillip Hughes, providing both teams more time to come to terms with the tragic death of the cricketer who was to turn 26 on Sunday.
The ‘Sydney Morning Herald’ has reported that Adelaide, which was scheduled to host the second Test from December 12-16, could be the opening match of the four-match series.
The funeral of Hughes, who died after being hit by a bouncer during a domestic game, will take place in the sports hall of his old High School in Macksville, New South Wales on Wednesday.
The report further suggested that the Brisbane Test, supposed to take place from December 4, could be accommodated between the Adelaide Test and the Boxing Day Test (December 26-30). Hosting the match is also possible after the Sydney Test (January 3-7) , which precedes the ODI tri-series starting January 16.
Cricket Australia on Saturday postponed the Brisbane Test to an unspecified date to give players more breathing space after Hughes’ funeral.
CA CEO James Sutherland had said: “These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn’t or wouldn’t expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a Test match the day after farewelling (sic) one of their teammates.
Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question.”
“We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India. It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times,” he added.

Bird flu discovered at Dutch poultry farm... 
November 30, 2014 06:10 AM EST | Associated Press
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Dutch authorities have discovered bird flu at another poultry farm and are slaughtering all 28,000 birds there, in the latest case of the infectious disease to hit the country's agriculture sector.
The Economic Affairs Ministry said in a statement Sunday that birds at the farm in the town of Zoeterwoude, 20 kilometers (12 miles) northeast of The Hague, were suffering from an H5 strain of bird flu. Further tests were underway to discover which exact strain.
Tens of thousands of birds have been slaughtered in the Netherlands in recent weeks after farms were infected with the H5N8 bird flu strain, which is highly infectious to birds but poses little risk to humans.
In 2003 a major outbreak of bird flu in the Netherlands caused some 300 million euros in damages.

Switzerland votes on plan to hoard goal...and
versions
BERN, Switzerland (AP) — Voters in Switzerland on Sunday overwhelmingly rejected plans to protect the country's wealth by investing in gold and to drastically limit immigration or to eliminate a special tax that draws rich foreigners, according to polling firm gfs.bern.
A proposal to require the Swiss central bank to hold a fifth of its reserves in gold was opposed by 78 percent of voters and supported by 22 percent, projections based on tallies provided by selected voting districts indicated. At last count, the measure — which had drawn attention worldwide and required the backing of a majority of voters and cantons (states) — was rejected in 22 of 26 cantons.
The plan would have forced the Swiss National Bank to buy massive amounts of gold within five years and likely causing the global price for the valuable metal to jump.
"After this clear decision by the people, there are no further grounds to pursue another similar initiative," one of the three parliamentarians behind the proposal, Luzi Stamm, told Swiss broadcaster SRF of its defeat. But he said the campaign had at least raised awareness of the central bank's shortcomings.
The proposal to limit immigration to 0.2 percent of Switzerland's population — about 16,000 immigrants a year for a country of 8 million — received the backing of 26 percent of voters, while 74 percent opposed it. Currently, immigration is estimated at around 80,000 a year.
The "Ecopop" initiative would also have forced Switzerland to devote a large chunk of its foreign aid to programs aimed at reducing population growth in poor countries.
As with the gold initiative, government and business leaders warned voters the measure could do more harm than good and further inflame tensions with the European Union. Andreas Thommen, a Green Party member who oversaw the campaign, told SRF it had been "a David and Goliath battle" against the establishment, and Switzerland "missed the opportunity to set the course for a sustainable future."
Earlier this year, Swiss voters narrowly backed a proposal by the nationalist People's Party to reintroduce quotas for immigrants. The outcome has proved to be a political headache for the Swiss government as it now needs to renegotiate bilateral treaties with the EU, of which it isn't a member.
A third national referendum, which would have abolished special tax discounts for rich foreigners living in Switzerland, was also defeated, according to gfs.bern. The pollsters predicted 60 percent voted against the measure, while 40 percent were in favor of it, and only one of the country's 26 cantons said yes to getting rid of a flat tax rate that helps attract the super wealthy.
Official results are expected to be published later Sunday.
___
Frank Jordans in Berlin contributed to this report.

Ferguson officer who shot Michael Brown resigns...and
versions
FERGUSON, Mo. (AP) — Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson did not receive a severance package when he resigned over the weekend, the St. Louis suburb's mayor said Sunday.
Wilson, 28, won't receive any further pay or benefits, and he and the city have cut their ties, Mayor James Knowles told reporters a day after Wilson tendered his resignation, which was effective immediately.
Wilson, who is white, had been on administrative leave since he killed Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old, during an Aug. 9 confrontation. A grand jury decided Monday not to indict him, sparking days of sometimes violent protests in Ferguson and other cities.
Wilson wrote in his resignation letter that his "continued employment may put the residents and police officers of the City of Ferguson at risk, which is a circumstance I cannot allow."
His lawyer, Neil Bruntrager, told The Associated Press that Wilson decided to step aside after police Chief Tom Jackson told him about the alleged threats on Saturday.
"The information we had was that there would be actions targeting the Ferguson (police) department or buildings in Ferguson related to the police department," Bruntrager said. He said Wilson, who had worked for the department for less than three years, and the city were already discussing an exit strategy, acknowledging that Wilson staying on as an officer there would be impossible.
Many have criticized the authorities' handling of the case, but Knowles said no leadership changes were in the works. Asked if he would resign, Jackson said flatly, "No."
Benjamin Crump, an attorney for Brown's family, said Wilson's resignation was not a surprise.
"It was always believed that the police officer would do what was in his best interest, both personally and professionally," Crump said. "We didn't believe that he would be able to be effective for the Ferguson community nor the Ferguson Police Department because of the tragic circumstances that claimed the life of Michael Brown Jr."
Crump said the family is still considering civil litigation such as a wrongful death lawsuit, "but don't let that get confused with the fact that they really wanted the killer of their child to be held accountable."
Victoria Rutherford of Ferguson said she believed Wilson should have not only resigned, but been convicted of a crime.
"I'm upset. I have a 16-year-old son. It could've been him. I feel that he was absolutely in the wrong," she said.
Others residents were more sympathetic. Reed Voorhees said he hoped Wilson could find similar work "someplace where he would enjoy life, and move on with his life."
Wilson has spent his career as a police officer, first in neighboring Jennings, then in Ferguson. Bruntrager said it's all he's ever wanted to do.
"In terms of what it (the resignation) means, it means at this point he doesn't have a paycheck," Bruntrager said. "He has no income so he'll have to make some decisions pretty quickly."
Wilson fatally shot Brown in the middle of a Ferguson street after the two scuffled inside Wilson's police SUV. Brown's body was left for more than four hours as police investigated and angry onlookers gathered.
Some witnesses have said Brown had his hands up when Wilson shot him. Wilson told the grand jury that he feared for his life when Brown hit him and reached for his gun.
The U.S. Justice Department is conducting a civil rights investigation into the shooting and a separate investigation of police department practices. It isn't clear when those results will be announced.
The White House said President Barack Obama will hold meetings on the Ferguson situation Monday. A Cabinet meeting will focus on his administration's review of federal programs that provide military-style equipment to law enforcement agencies. Meetings with civil rights leaders, law enforcement officials and others will focus on ways to build trust and strengthen communities.
After the grand jury's decision was announced, 12 commercial buildings in Ferguson were destroyed by fire. There have been well over 100 arrests at St. Louis-area protests in that time.
Knowles said there hasn't been a cost assessment of the damage in Ferguson yet, and he promised residents and businesses that the city will do all it can to seek financial help.
"We are committed to rebuilding our city," he said.
Reverberations of the Ferguson events were evident at the St. Louis Rams' game.
Inside the dome, five Rams players engaged in their own apparent show of solidarity for Ferguson protesters, standing with their arms raised in a "Hands Up" gesture before trotting onto the field for pregame introductions. All five — Tavon Austin, Kenny Britt, Stedman Bailey, Jared Cook and Chris Givens — are black.
After the game, about 100 protesters marched in the area near the Edward Jones Dome, chanting, "Ram fans — join the movement." When about three dozen St. Louis officers in riot gear showed up to make sure things didn't get out of hand, many of the fans broke out in spontaneous applause for the officers.

BJP wanted material on Netaji public  now govt says noThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bharatiya Mahila Bank confident of growing into a strong brand  says CMDThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Raghuram Rajan s tryst with TuesdaysHi Guest
Raghuram Rajan's tryst with Tuesdays
Six out of eight monetary policies announced by him during his entire tenure so far have been on Tuesdays It may be sheer coincidence that all monetary policy reviews by RBI Governor Raghuram Govind Rajan this fiscal have taken place on Tuesdays and this would be the case for the upcoming review this week as well. In the current fiscal beginning April 1, 2014, Rajan has undertaken four monetary policy reviews so far and the fifth would take place on December 2, with all these five being on ...

Value picks r 1. sudar ind 2. bodal chem 3. ashapura mine 4. surya ros...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

BJP rally in Kolkata: Amit Shah hits out at Trinamool Congress‘Our real victory will be when we win in Bengal’
Our Bureau
Attacking Didi BJP president Amit Shah at a massive gathering in Kolkata on Sunday. - ASHOKE CHAKRABARTY
Opposing Centre is stalling projects in State, says Amit Shah
Kolkata, Nov 30:  
The BJP on Sunday made a strong pitch for removal of the Trinamool Congress in the Assembly elections in West Bengal, scheduled in 2016.
Addressing a rally to mark Uthhan Dibas (Day of Rising), party president Amit Shah said Mamata Banerjee’s three-and-a-half-year rule in the State has caused irreparable damage.
“Today Bengal is at a historic juncture. It voted to power the TMC looking for development. But it has not been the case. Bengal has only gone backwards,” he said.
Reckless opposition of the Centre’s policies by the State government has only stalled development projects here, he added. Pointing out that the people of Bengal need a strong leadership, Shah urged them to support the BJP.
“In 2016, we want to form the government in Bengal. We may win in Maharashtra or Haryana; but our real victory will be when we win elections here. The countdown marking the end of Trinamool has begun,” he said.
The immediate focus though, he said, will be to win the upcoming polls for the Kolkata Municipal Corporation, due in May 2015. “Kolkata will herald the change for the end of the Trinamool,” he added.
Questioning the role of the State government in the Saradha chit fund scam, the BJP president asked why Mamata is shielding the accused.
“TMC MPs have been protesting against black money in Parliament, is the Saradha money black or white? She alleges that her party leaders are being framed by CBI. Let her say on record that those arrested are innocent,” he said.
Further questioning the State government’s decision to wind up the Shyamal Sen Commission, Shah said the move makes it clear that Mamata is not interested in refunding the depositors money.
Shah also alleged that the Mamata government, in the name of vote-bank politics, was shielding terrorists. He accused the Trinamool leadership of being involved in the Burdwan blast.
Saradha’s money, according to Shah, is being diverted in such activities. “Saradha;s money was used in this blast, CBI is investigating this matter,” he alleged, accusing Mamata of protecting illegal immigrants.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Mandatory military training in colleges gets Parrikar pushWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: November 29, 2014 4:22 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 4:23 am
The government may introduce a module of compulsory military training at the college level on a pilot basis in some districts of the country, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar indicated in the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
He was replying to a private members’ Bill moved by BJP’s Avinash Rai Khanna on compulsory military training. The Bill was voted out — Khanna was not present in the House to withdraw it as Parrikar had requested.
Parrikar said that had he been sitting anywhere in the House except on the treasury benches, he would have been a votary of the idea. But there are logistical constraints that he has to take into account as part of the government, including the feasibility of training eight crore young people.
“What I consider, as a much reasonable one (idea) is to introduce compulsory training for a certain number of hours for completing graduation. It can be introduced as a class, may be of an hour or so. Or, it can be introduced as a completely separate course to be taken by a student during his college tenure. He can take it in the first year or in the second year,” Parrikar said.
“With the help of the members who have shown deep interest in the subject, I would have a discussion as to how to go about the issue. If we can work out something, if we can start it on a trial basis, let us do it in some districts where there is more enthusiasm.”
Recounting the compulsory NCC course that he had to complete during his stint in IIT to get his degree, Parrikar said the government could consider a 50-60 hour course of defence training at the graduation level. “It need not be on a weekly basis. One can take it as a course; like the way we take History, Maths, etc., we can take one course of defence training in districts which face the border,” he said.
The Bill found support cutting across political lines with SP’s Ramgopal Yadav saying that military training for all is important because “wars are not won in battlefields but in playgrounds”. Parrikar conceded that it is an “excellent idea” but the resources required for enforcement of such a legislation are enormous.
He, however, disagreed with the proposal in the Bill for compulsory training between the ages of 14 and 50 as physical fitness may be an issue at 50. He added that even if 50 per cent of the 16 crore people aged between 17-18 and 25 are fit for military training and have to be provided a training of one year as provided for in the Bill, it would require an annual expenditure of Rs 60,000 crore. Even if that money continued…

Mushirul Hasan critical after accidentNEW DELHI, November 30, 2014
Updated: November 30, 2014 00:11 IST
Mushirul Hasan critical after accident
Staff Reporter
The former Vice-Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia University, Professor Mushirul Hasan, met with a road accident on his way to Mewat from Delhi on Saturday.
He is undergoing surgery at the Apollo Hospital here.
Prof. Hasan (67) was first rushed to a nearby hospital from where he was shifted to Apollo Hospital here with head injuries. His condition is stated to be critical.
“The patient was brought to the hospital in a critical condition and was immediately attended to by our team of experts. He is currently undergoing surgery by a competent multidisciplinary team of senior consultant doctors,” the Apollo Hospital said.
The accident occurred when the vehicle in which he was travelling to Mewat reportedly collided head on with a dumper.
Professor Hasan is a noted historian who served as the vice-chancellor of JMI university from 2004-09.
He is known for his writings on Partition of India, communalism, and the histories of Islam in South-Asia.

Priyanka Chopra  Freida Pinto launch global campaign for girls  educationBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 9:51 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:30 pm
Hail the women power! Priyanka Chopra and Freida Pinto launched a multi-level global campaign, ‘Girl Rising’, on November 29 in New Delhi, which includes a documentary film featuring the two stars and seven other Bollywood actresses, to spread awareness about importance of girls’ education.
The top Bollywood actresses feature in the Indian version of the film, which tells stories of nine unforgettable girls around the world striving against difficult circumstances to achieve their dreams of an education.
Priyanka and Freida are also part of the global feature, which co-stars Oscar-winners Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
“I’ve been a part of the ‘Girl Rising’ campaign since its inception and am honoured to be able to bring this powerful idea to India. I am also extremely humbled by and grateful for the support from my colleagues in the industry.
All it took was one phone call for me to have these amazing seven ladies to graciously agree to join us on this journey. If more girls are educated, all of India stands to gain. The girl rising campaign aims to address that through an innovative initiative that will not only help create awareness but also create a tangible platform to affect change,” Priyanka was quoted saying.
Freida, who made her film debut with Oscar-winning film ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ and is a popular name in Hollywood now, said girls’ education is one of the most important causes for her.
“Too often it is social and traditional ideas that holdgirls back. People just can’t imagine a different future for girls. The time has come where instead of questioning why we should educate girls, we should be asking why not? when we know that educating girl can change the world, why wait? With Girl Rising we will change that,” Freida said.
“Right now it is estimated that there are 270 million women and girls under age 25 in India. Furthermore, by not educating girls equally, it is estimated that India misses out on potential economic growth of about USD 33 billion per year,” Holly Gordon, the co-founder of the campaign, echoed his thoughts.
(With PTI Inputs)

BJP takes fight to Mamata s turf  Amit Shah calls for TMC-free BengalComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) launched a scathing attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata on Sunday, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state where the saffron party is eyeing substantial gains.
Echoing Narendra Modi's call for a Congress-free India, BJP president Amit Shah called for a Trinamool-free Bengal, addressing a public rally at Kolkata on Sunday. (ANI Photo)
Addressing a rally that saw a crowd of two lakh people, BJP national president Amit Shah attacked Banerjee over the Saradha case, terrorist activities as well as lack of development in the state.
"If you vote for a BJP government, we will ensure prosperity and take the state forward," Shah told the people of Bengal.
"A few days ago, Mamata Banerjee had asked: who is Amit Shah?  I am Amit Shah… I have come here to start the process of uprooting Trinamool Congress," he added, calling for a 'Trinamool-free Bengal', in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's slogan of a 'Congress-free India'.
Shah pointed out that throwing out the ruling party from the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) polls in 2015 can be the first step towards that “dream”.
The BJP chief's address came at a time when the ruling Trinamool Congress was reeling under graft allegations in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam and the October 2 blasts that killed two alleged militants from Bangladesh who had taken shelter in Burdwan.
"Stop protecting Bangladeshis," Shah told Banerjee, "Don't jeopardise the security of the state and the country."
Turning the heat on the state government over the blasts, he added, "Who is Hasan Chowdhury? Mamata Banerjee, please tell the people of Bengal who he is."
Chowdhury owned the two-storey house in Burdwan where a group of alleged Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh operatives were hiding. He is known to be a Trinamool worker.
Exuding confidence about BJP's poll prospects, Shah said, "Maharastra and Haryana have already voted for a BJP government. Jharkhand and J-K will certainly vote for BJP governments."
Shah added the Trinamool had failed to usher in development in Bengal, which is not known for an industry-friendly image.
"Many big industries have shut operations in West Bengal, the youth are unemployed and the... infrastructure is poor."
Reaching out to the youth, Shah said youngsters in Bengal wanted that the Burdwan terrorists be hanged and the Saradha culprits be sent behind the bars.
"I am challenging Mamata Banerjee to declare that those arrested by CBI in the Saradha scam are innocent," the BJP president added.
Trinamool MP Sinjoy Bose and suspended party MP Kunal Ghosh have been arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the Saradha case that has sent a shock wave across the nation.
"Mamata Banerjee staged a big demonstration against the Singur factory (of Tata's Nano) that had affected about 1,200 people… But why is she silent about the Saradha scam that has affected 17 lakh people?"
The shadow of Saradha has been hounding Banerjee and her government since it exploded in early 2013. Kunal Ghosh had recently said Banerjee was the biggest beneficiary of the scam. 
"West Bengal needs a government that fights against corruption and does not protect people involved in scams," Shah said.
"The journey of Modiji's victory chariot flagged off in 2014 will come to Kolkata," he added at the rally, for which he was initially denied permission by the Trinamool government.
BJP state leaders had to move Calcutta high court thrice to obtain permission to organise it after the Kolkata Police, KMC and fire services department said no.
The BJP's rise in Bengal has sparked speculations about new equations in Bengal's political arena where the saffron brigade was a fringe player till recently.
However, banking on Modi's poll promises on development, the party bagged an impressive 16.8% vote share in the April-May Lok Sabha elections. Even though the BJP won just two of the 42 seats, it made an impact.
Frequent clashes between BJP and Trinamool supporters have been reported in Bengal since the polls.

Qatar: US couple absolved in child s deathBy: Associated Press | Doha |
Posted: November 30, 2014 3:59 pm
A Qatari appeals court on Sunday overturned a ruling against an American couple over the death of their adopted daughter and said they are free to leave, ending a closely watched legal saga that may have stemmed from cultural misunderstandings in the conservative Gulf nation.
Los Angeles couple Matthew and Grace Huang, who were originally jailed on murder charges following the January 2013 death of their adopted daughter Gloria, headed to the airport soon after the ruling to try to leave Qatar, said Eric Volz, who is coordinating legal and publicity efforts for the family.
The couple was convicted of child endangerment and sentenced to three years in prison in March. They were allowed to remain free pending their appeal but could not leave the wealthy OPEC nation. The Huangs say 8-year-old Gloria died of medical problems complicated by unusual eating habits that included periods of binging and self-starvation.
Prosecutors alleged she died after being denied food and locked in her room. The Huangs have two other African-born adopted children and have been pressing Qatari officials unsuccessfully for permission to leave the country to be with them. “It has been a long and emotional trial for me and my family, and Grace and I want to go home and be reunited with our sons,” Matthew Huang said after the ruling. “We have been unable to grieve our daughter.”
U.S. officials intervened on the couple’s behalf, with State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki last month urging Qatar to lift their travel ban immediately and bring the case to “an expeditious and just conclusion.” Qatar hosts an important American military air operations center involved in airstrikes against the Islamic State group.
Western-style adoptions and cross-cultural families are relatively rare in 2022 World Cup host Qatar, which has aggressively pursued a higher international profile through sporting events and overseas investments. A report by Qatari police had earlier raised questions about why the Huangs, who are of Asian descent, would adopt children who did not share their “hereditary traits.”

Eight minesweeper vessels to be built in India: Defence Minister ManoharParrikarThe government is decreasing the dependence on foreign countries for defence-related procurements, said Manohar Parrikar.
Panaji |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:44 pm
Eight minesweeper naval vessels will be built by Goa Shipyard Limited with maximum indigenous technology under the ‘Make in India’ campaign, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said on Sunday.
“In-principle it has been decided that the work for constructing eight minesweepers would be awarded to Goa Shipyard Limited. This would be under ‘Make in India’ campaign,” he told reporters here.
Earlier, similar kinds of vessels were being brought from outside India and later modified here, he said.
“But in this case, they will be built in India with indigenous technology being used at its maximum. Only in case they require technological help, they can get it after following proper procedures,” he said.
Parrikar said that it was not possible to make a completely indigenous ship.
“Foreign collaborations would be restricted to hi-tech items and technological transfers,” he said.
The government, he said, is decreasing the dependence on foreign countries for defence-related procurements.
“Energy security and war are things in which you require your own resources during the critical moments. Due to some reasons, if suppliers put embargo, the machinery will come to a halt,” he said.
“You have to have a proper strategy for your procurement. The best thing is that whenever possible make or buy the equipment indigenously,” the minister said.
The construction of the minesweepers, also referred as the mine countermeasure vessels, had recently run into controversy after the government withdrew a contract awarded to a firm due to violation of a clause.
Parrikar said the tender awarded to the firm in the past has been called off and an ‘integrity bond’ of Rs three crore which was submitted by it has been confiscated.
A minesweeper is a small warship designed to counter the threat posed by naval mines and keep the waterways clear for shipping.

BJP wanted classified files on Subhas Chandra Bose made public  now Centre saysnoBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:29 pm
The BJP-led government has refused to make public nearly 39 classified files on the mysterious disappearance of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose in sharp contrast to the demands of disclosure raised by its senior leaders when in Opposition.
In January, when the Lok Sabha election campaign was at its peak, the then BJP president Rajnath Singh during a visit to Netaji’s birth place Cuttack had demanded that the UPA government make public the records related to the freedom fighter.
The Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) in a recent RTI reply accepted that there were 41 files related to Bose, of which two had been declassified, but refused to disclose them taking a position similar to that of the erstwhile Congress-led UPA government.
“Disclosure of documents contained in these files would prejudicially affect relations with foreign countries. As such, these files are exempted from disclosure under Section 8(1)(a) read with Section 8(2) of the Right to Information Act,” the PMO said in its reply to RTI activist Subhash Agrawal.
Singh had claimed during the election campaign that there was larger public interest in the disclosure of the documents, but the PMO under Modi seems not to be in agreement as is evident from the reply which considered the larger public interest disclosure clause  (section 8(2)) of the RTI Act, but chose to withhold the documents.
The section 8(2) says, “Notwithstanding anything in the Official Secrets Act, 1923 nor any of the exemptions permissible in accordance with sub-section(1), a public authority may allow access to information, if public interest in disclosure outweighs the harm to the protected interests.”
“The entire country is impatient to know as to how Netaji died and under what circumstances,” Singh had said, releasing a book on the eve of Netaji’s birth anniversary in Cuttack on January 22.

Israel: Biggest Jewish-Arab school set afire amidst tensesituationBy: Press Trust of India | Jerusalem |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:24 pm
One of Israel’s largest bilingual schools for Jewish and Arab children was set on fire in a suspected arson attack in southern Jerusalem, worsening the tense situation following the 50-day war with the Hamas. The incident comes amid growing tensions in Jerusalem between the two communities that started before the 50-day bloody war in Gaza and has continued unabated despite heightened security arrangements.
The fire broke out at the playground in the school on Saturday evening and was extinguished by emergency crews. Police and fire services said that they suspected arson based on the visible evidence found at the scene. The Max Rayne Hand in Hand Jerusalem School is the country’s largest Jewish-Arab institution. It has been co-run by a Jewish and an Arab principal since its foundation in 1998 by the Hand in Hand non-governmental organisation.
Over the past few months, the school has been repeatedly targeted by right-wingers, who have sprayed racist graffiti against Arabs on its walls, local media reports said. “Even if they manage to dirty the school’s walls, they will not manage to bring down our enterprise [of civil cooperation],” Hand in Hand Executive Director, Shuli Dichter, said in a statement.
“In addition to denouncing [these actions] expressing support, we invite the entire Israeli public to join us in the building of Jewish-Arab civil partnership in Israel. We will continue to develop our educational and social project, where every day 1,200 students come to study, some 200 teachers come to teach and in which thousands of family members are involved,” he said.
Jerusalem’s Mayor, Nir Barkat, condemned the incident saying, “We will not allow pyromaniacs and criminals who take the law into their own hands to disrupt our daily lives”. “We will continue to denounce the extremists and do whatever it takes to restore the quiet to Jerusalem,” he said.
The bloodiest war between the two sides broke out after the Hamas fired dozens of rockets at Israel after Israel rounded up its activists in the West Bank following the murder of three Israeli teens there. The war claimed lives of 2,200 Palestinians and 70 Israelis.

Media help transform society  says PMUpdated: November 30, 2014 01:41 IST
Media help transform society, says PM
Sushanta Talukdar
Tweet
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi inaugurating the platinum jubilee celebrations of The Assam Tribune group in Guwahati on Saturday.
TOPICS
freedom of the press
Mr Modi was speaking at the Inauguration of the platinum jubilee celebrations of The Assam Tribune in Guwahati
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said people realised the importance of the media in strengthening democracy when late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi imposed censorships on the press and sent editors to jails during the Emergency.
Speaking at the Inauguration of the platinum jubilee celebrations of The Assam Tribune here, the Prime Minister said that “the choice before media is be like a house fly or like honey bee”. He said that a house flywas attracted to filth and also spread it while a honey bee was not only attracted to flowers and produces honey but it could also sting sharply, when required.
Saying that media helped transforming the society, Mr. Modi said that newspapers not just gave news, but also “mould our thinking, shape public perception and open a window to the world around us.”
Referring to the practice of the media of quoting “reliable sources,” the Prime Minister said he would prefer a newspaper which quoted “reliable sources” least often, as quoting sources lowers the credibility of the publication.

Amit Shah accuses Mamata Banerjee of blocking NIA probe  says Saradha scam money used in BurdwanblastWritten by Arshad Ali | Kolkata |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:56 am
‘I am Amit Shah, a BJP worker. I have come to Bengal to uproot the TMC,” said the BJP president as he took on the Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress government here on Sunday.
Accusing the Chief Minister of shielding the guilty in the Saradha scam, Shah further alleged a link between the Saradha scam and the October 2 Burdwan blast.
Addressing a rally here, he said, “Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save TMC leaders who are involved in the blast.”
He said that while Mamata had led protests to support those whose land was acquired in Singur, she was not bothered about the 17 lakh investors who lost their money in the Saradha scam. “Who bought your paintings? Why was the Shyamal Sen Commission scrapped? Did the TMC leaders benefit from Saradha or not? Why are you shielding the accused in the Saradha case and the Burdwan blast case?” he asked.
Referring to the protests by TMC MPs outside Parliament over black money, he said: “What do TMC and Mamata Banerjee have to say about the money siphoned off in the Saradha scam? Was that black money or white money?”
BJP MP Chandan Mitra, S S Ahluwalia, Siddharth Nath Singh, National President Amit Shah and state president Rahul Sinha during the Uprising day Rally in Kolkata on Sunday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Shah said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Lok Sabha victory march would culminate with the BJP’s victory in the Bengal Assembly polls due in 2016. “Our mission is to make Bengal a TMC-free state, and looking at the huge gathering I am sure that the coundown for the Mamata-led TMC government has begun,” he said.
“Bengal needs a government which is patriotic, which doesn’t save the culprits of the Burdwan blast, which does not indulge in corruption,” said Shah.
“The state is lagging behind in areas of health, education, law and order. There are about 16,000 unemployed tea workers. The state has all the potential and Narendra Modi wants its development too, but Mamata will not allow that to happen. To make it happen, you must help BJP form a government here so that it can work in tandem with the central government,” he said. “In 2015, you must resolve to uproot the TMC.”
Responding to Mamata’s jibe at him, Shah said a few days back she wanted to know who Amit Shah is. “Didi, If you can see… if you can hear… I am Amit Shah… a small worker of BJP who has come to Bengal to uproot the TMC from here.”
Among the other party leaders who addressed the gathering were continued…
Saradha Chit Fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly.

Amitabh Bachchan feels life should bechaoticPosted: November 30, 2014 5:00 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan feels a little bit of chaos is a necessity in life.
The 72-year-old actor, who is currently shooting Shoojit Sircar’s ‘Piku’ in Ahmedabad, said he enjoys rehearsing his lines amidst noise.
“Words written in solitude in an air of nothingness, bring the required results. Words written in the middle of chaotic traffic, are the best for me – life should be chaotic, yet controlled in some. Those ‘some’s’ I do not know, but this I do know that solitude does not always bring about, the qualities that you long for,” Bachchan posted on his blog.
At times a bit of noise helps – particularly in front of the camera when we are rehearsing our lines .. the errors we make cannot be heard, with that external sound .. so I enjoy rehearsing in noise .. just rehearsing .. nothing else,” he added.
‘Piku’ also stars Deepika Padukone and Irrfan. It went on floors in August this year.

US-led coalition airstrikes pound Islamic State stronghold inSyriaBy: Associated Press | Beirut |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:58 pm
Syrian activists say the US-led coalition has carried out as many as 30 airstrikes against Islamic State militants in and around the group’s de facto capital in northeastern Syria.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Sunday that the strikes took place overnight and targeted IS positions in the city of Raqqa as well as the Division 17 air base, which the militants seized earlier this year from government forces.
The monitoring group, which relies on a network of activists inside Syria, reported at least 30 coalition strikes in all. The Local Coordination Committees, an activist collective, also confirmed the airstrikes. Neither group had casualty figures.

Freida Pinto would love to work with a female IndiandirectorBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:52 pm
Freida Pinto always wanted to be a global citizen and after making a place for herself in Hollywood, the Indian actress is keen to star in a Bollywood movie.
The actress, who shot to international fame with her role in Danny Boyle-directed Oscar-winning saga ‘Slumdog Millionaire’, says there have been opportunities in the past but things somehow did not work out. She is also keen to collaborate with a female director in Bollywood.
“I want to work in Bollywood. I never said that I am not interested in working in Indian film industry.
I would love to work with a female Indian director. There were times when I liked the scripts but as I had already committed to other films in Hollywood, I could not do. At other times the roles were not exciting or strong enough for me to take up,” Freida told PTI in an interview here.
The actress, 30, says Hollywood was always on her mind and feels proud of herself that she overcame all limitations and realised her dream of working outside India.
“I always wanted to be a global citizen. I knew I had to pack my bags go out and establish myself at the global platform. That was my dream. I could do that because I had the right education. I have transcended all the possible limitations. I hope my story can inspire other girls,” she said.
Freida, born and brought up in Mumbai, says she is grateful to her roots for keeping her strong in the foreign land.
“India has taught me a lot; it is something about this country, be the people or the hardships we face but it teaches you great lessons. I don’t get shocked when I see poverty in any country because I have seen it in my own country. India has made me value relationships.”
Freida says she is always conscious about presenting herself as a universal actress as she does not want be stereotyped on the basis of her origin.
“When I go to a filmmaker in Hollywood I don’t present myself as someone who has come from some other country but I go there as an actress. When I choose a role, I look at it from the perspective of content rather than the fact that I am Indian and I should do specific kind of roles. When it comes to work, I just think like an actor,” Frieda added.
The ‘You Will Meet A Tall Dark Stranger’ star feels Hollywood is more open today to various ethnicities.
“Stereotyping of Indian actors has reduced a lot there. It is much easier now but had I entered 10 years back it would have been difficult getting good work there,” she said.

Madrid sets club record for winsUpdated: November 30, 2014 17:19 IST
Europe's top leagues on Saturday
Madrid sets club record for wins
AP
Tweet
AP
Real Madrid recorded a club record 16th consecutive win in all competitions with a 2-1 victory at Malaga on Saturday
TOPICS
soccer
Chelsea kept in check by gritty Sunderland
Cristiano Ronaldo set up two goals to help Real Madrid set a club record with a 16th straight victory across all competitions on Saturday, while Premier League leader Chelsea failed to score for the first time this season as it stumbled to a scoreless draw at Sunderland in the Premier League.
While Chelsea faltered, Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney scored to help Manchester United ease to a 3-0 win over Hull. Also, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Arjen Robben found the net as Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich earned victories in France and Germany.
La Liga
Ronaldo failed to score for the first time in 12 Spanish league matches this season, but made up for it with his two assists in a 2-1 win at Malaga.
Ronaldo set up fellow stars Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale as Madrid opened up a five-point lead over Barcelona before it visits Valencia on Sunday.
Benzema put Madrid in front in the 18th minute by redirecting Ronaldo’s cross after the Portugal star had used a step-over dribble to open up a passing angle from the wing.
Ronaldo then headed the ball forward in the 83rd for Bale to score what proved to be the winner with a dipping strike.
Premier League
Chelsea dropped points for just the third time this season but remained unbeaten after being kept in check by a defensive-minded Sunderland in a 0-0 draw.
Sunderland manager Gus Poyet praised his players for “defending for their lives,” and Chelsea counterpart Jose Mourinho had no complaints about the tactics employed by the hosts.
“To defend well and a lot isn’t a crime,” Mourinho said. “It’s part of the game. It’s strategy. My players tried everything.”
United’s victory ensured the Red Devils will complete a second successive weekend in the top four for the first time since Alex Ferguson retired as manager after winning the 2013 title.
Arsenal and Liverpool are out of the top four despite both posting 1-0 victories. Glen Johnson’s late header enabled 11th-placed Liverpool to overcome Stoke, while Danny Welbeck’s goal at West Bromwich Albion sent Arsenal up to sixth.
Bundesliga
Bundesliga leader Bayern grinded out a 1-0 win at Hertha Berlin in the Bundesliga, while Klaas Jan Huntelaar’s hat trick helped Schalke earn a 4-1 victory over Mainz.
Bayern also had a Dutchman to thank, with Robben’s 27th-minute strike enough for the defending champions to go provisionally 10 points clear after 13 games.
Ligue 1
Ibrahimovic’s penalty in the 15th minute was enough to give PSG a 1-0 win over Nice and help it stay within one point of French league leader Marseille.
Serie A
Sassuolo extended its unbeaten run to seven matches by coming from behind to beat Hellas Verona 2-1 in Serie A. Lazio was held 0-0 at Chievo Verona.

Can we change how our police react to potential threatsComments
By Paul Waldman November 28
The story of Michael Brown and Ferguson, Mo., is not over, even if the city is calmer today than it was just after the decision not to try officer Darren Wilson was announced. As we look for lessons about race, power and justice, we also have to ask some fundamental questions about the ideology of policing in the United States.
Protesters march through downtown St. Louis on Wednesday, two days after a grand jury declined to indict officer Darren Wilson in the killing of teenager Michael Brown. (Charlie Riedel/Associated Press)
One of the defenses people have offered of Wilson’s decision-making on that day is that if a police officer fears for his safety, he is allowed to use deadly force. And that is indeed a standard, in one form or another, used by police departments around the country. But that standard is near the heart of the problem that Brown’s death has highlighted.
American police kill many, many more citizens than officers in similar countries around the world. The number of people killed by police in many countries in a year is in the single digits. For instance, in Britain (where most officers don’t even carry guns), police fatally shot zero people in 2013 and one person in 2012. Germany has one-quarter the population of the United States, and police there killed only six people in all of 2011. Although official figures put the number killed by American police each year around 400, the true number may be closer to 1,000 .
The most common explanation is that since we have so many guns in America, police are under greater threat than other police. Which is true, but American police also kill unarmed people all the time — people who have a knife or a stick, or who are just acting erratically. There are mentally disturbed people in other countries, too, so why is it that police in Germany or France or Britain or Japan manage to deal with these threats without killing the suspect?
This is where we get to the particular American police ideology, which says that any threat to an officer’s safety, even an unlikely one, can and often should be met with deadly force. We see it again and again: Someone is brandishing a knife; the cops arrive; he takes a step toward them, and they fire . Since Brown’s death, at least 14 teenagers have been shot and killed by police; the weapons they were wielding included knives, cars and a power drill, all of which can be obtained by European citizens, at least as far as I know.
If you’ve read parts of Wilson’s account of his confrontation with Brown, you know that the justification so commonly made in cases like this — I was afraid for my safety, and therefore I killed him — is the basis of his defense. You don’t have to be convinced that Wilson should be tried for murder to find his version of events absurd at every level, starting with the assertion that he politely inquired if Brown and his friend might consider walking on the sidewalk, only to be met with a stream of invective and an unprovoked assault from this “demon” with superhuman strength.
Maybe that really is what happened. But it seems much more likely that, as the account of Brown’s friend goes, Wilson began the encounter by shouting at them to “Get the [expletive] on the sidewalk” — in other words, seeking to establish his authority and dominance. This, too is part of police ideology: that one way to keep safe is to make clear to those you interact with that you are the one in control and that they should fear you.
Two months ago I interviewed an expert in police training procedures around the world, and she pointed out that in many other countries, particularly in Europe, future police officers go through much more extensive training than American police do, a large part of which is learning how to calm down agitated people and defuse potentially dangerous situations. American cops, she said, average only 15 weeks of training before getting their badges. Even after they’re on the job, they continue to be inculcated with the idea that in a situation with a potentially dangerous individual, they need to be ready to kill to protect themselves.
Much of the focus of discussions about Ferguson has been, quite properly, on race. And race matters to this question as well; we know that cops are more likely to see black people as potential dangers to their safety. But the question is whether, even beyond the differences in how different groups are treated, we can change the way so many American police approach confrontations, both actual and potential.
Of course, this is easy for me to say. Nobody’s going to wave a knife at me while I sit in front of my computer every day. Being a cop is hard and dangerous work, particularly in places where crime is common. Most officers are never going to fire their guns in the line of duty. Even in Ferguson itself, there are officers trying to approach people as people and not as potential threats. But the fact that police all over the world manage to do the same job while killing barely anyone, while American cops kill hundreds of people every year, means that something is wrong with American policing.

This is your college panicBy Alexandra Petri November 28 Follow @petridishes
Here’s Guy Fieri. (l-r) Guy Fieri — Photo by: Chris Haston/NBC
It’s that time of year. Not Christmas (it’s been Christmas since mid-august ). Not Thanksgiving. It’s College Application season.
Season is an appropriate term for this period. In hunting parlance, when something is in season — say, a partridge — it means that you can shoot it down without fear of reprisals (except from the partridge’s family). With college application season, the thing that can be shot down without fear of reprisals is the applications (hopes and dreams) of millions of high school seniors.
A relatively new factor in the admissions panic, which is now at a full, rolling boil, what with the last few deadlines for Early Admission (coming in the next few days) and the beginning of deadlines for Regular Admission (coming in the next few weeks) is the Common App . The Common App is actually handy because it lets you apply to multiple colleges online, the only civilized way to do anything. Applying to college is already stressful enough, no need to add to that stress by forcing students to use a physical mailbox for the first and only time in their lives.  This great online tool increases the possibility of you to being rejected by multiple colleges at a time instead of just one, should you accidentally tell all fifteen of them at once that “in conclusion, that is why I want to go to Stanford.”
And now, high school seniors are applying to even more colleges than they used to. “10 applications is now commonplace; 20 is taking on a familiar ring; even 30 is not beyond imagining. And why stop there?” asks the New York Times , a newspaper known for its ability to reduce helicopter parents to a state of quivering shock with headlines like “‘Ma, it’s dressage time!’ Six Activities Everyone Else’s Children Have Been Secretly Doing Their Whole Lives” and “Whoops You Attended The Wrong Preschool, Kiss Cornell Goodbye.”
The essay questions on the Common App are not exactly reassuring. Most people take one look at it and think, “Great, I’ve been doing life wrong”, but it seems especially rough for the kids born with a silver spoon lovingly placed in their mouths by a hovering butler. If you are trying to casually allude to the fact that, as a Carnegie-Rockefeller-Federline, you come from money so old it has evolved into a totally different form of money, the application really leaves no place to do this. Are there any right answers? I couldn’t come up with any.
“Some students have a background or story that is so central to their identity that they believe their application would be incomplete without it,” one asks. “If this sounds like you, then please share your story.”
“My grandfather donated your athletic complex,” you type, nervously. (This does not quite seem like what they had in mind, but what else could they mean?) You look at the next question.
“Recount an incident or time when you experienced failure. How did it affect you, and what lessons did you learn?”
“I think my biggest failure is my failure to have experienced failure,” you write. “I kept begging my parents to let me fail at one or two things, but no.” You delete all of that, quickly, and write “THIS! HEYO!” Then you delete that too. You look at the next questions.
“Reflect on a time when you challenged a belief or idea. What prompted you to act? Would you make the same decision again?”
“I wrote in to complain about the fact that the Activities section of this application offered only a limited number of characters for the ‘details, honors won, and accomplishments’ racked up in my years of chess club leadership! 150! That’s barely a tweet! But nothing happened so I guess I wouldn’t do that again.” (How, you wonder, do other people get 650 words out of this?)
“Describe a place or environment where you are perfectly content. What do you do or experience there, and why is it meaningful to you?”
“My family’s ancestral home, Money Roquefort Haus of Gaga, worth sixty times your campus, has always made me feel particularly secure.”
“Discuss an accomplishment or event, formal or informal, that marked your transition from childhood to adulthood within your culture, community, or family.”
You frown at the application several times. Somehow, titling your application essay “Best Super-Sweet Sixteen Ever!” was not quite how you pictured this going.
It is around this time that newspapers and magazines begin to fill, like clockwork, with essays rhetorically asking “Why Even Bother With College?” or “College, Who Needs It?” These sound very hopeful, if you are sitting lost in a thick hail of open college application tabs, but then you actually read them and their message turns out to be that “Bill Gates never completed college. Neither did Steve Jobs. Why go to college when you can become a successful billionaire entrepreneur?” “Because you wanted to be an English major,” you suggest, timidly. You always thought being a billionaire entrepreneur sounded like a good time, but when you sat down to think of billion-dollar ideas all you could ever come up with was “an app to tell you how close you are to cheese” and that didn’t seem worth blowing over the college experience for.
These essays are right about one thing: college does almost nothing to prepare you for life. High school does. In high school, you keep to a rigorous schedule and get up early and attend class on Fridays. In college, none of these things apply. Then you have to go from college straight to actual life, where your habit of staggering in half an hour late with a hangover that resembles a Greek goddess trying to hammer her way out of your skull is actually counterproductive. It is a terrible system. This is why so many people wind up in graduate school.
Unfortunately, before you can worry about that, you have to get in. And I don’t know how to help you with that.
The only useful thing I ever learned about college applications was that if you want to send a taxidermied squirrel to Harvard as a supplement to your application, make certain you have done a good job with it so it doesn’t fall apart in the admissions office. This did happen once and it did not end well. If this helps, great! Other than that, you’re on your own.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Modi for better utilisation of railway landsUpdated: November 30, 2014 12:04 IST
Modi for better utilisation of railway lands
Sushanta Talukdar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi flags off the first train from Mendipathar in North Garo Hills of Meghalaya to Guwahati, Assam, at the Maligaon Railway Stadium in Guwahati on Saturday. Photo: Special Arrangement
AP
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks before flaging off the first passenger train between Mendipathar in Meghalaya to Gawahati, in Assam, on Saturday. More than six decades after the country gained Independence, Meghalaya became part of the country's railway map.
Prime Minister Narenda Modi on Saturday said that his government has been giving priority in developing next-gen infrastructure, including setting up an optical fibre network in the North-east which, he said, will create huge job opportunities and prevent large-scale migration of youth from the region to other States in search of greener pastures.
Mr. Modi, who arrived in Guwahati on a three-day visit to Assam, Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura, said this while addressing a public function held at the Railway Stadium, Maligaon, in which he pressed remote buttons to flag off the first passenger train from Mendipathar in Meghalaya’s North Garo Hills district to Guwahati and unveil the plaque of a foundation stone for a Broad Gauge railway line from Bhairibi to Sairang in Mizoram.
The Prime Minister, who drove straight to the venue immediately on his arrival at Lokapriya Gopinath Bardoloi international airport, said India now needs next-gen infrastructure – consisting of both highways and i-ways (information ways). He said there should be no digital divide, and the vision of Digital India should also encompass the North-East and the people living on the hills of THE region should have equal access to information technology as those living in the national capital and other cities. Why should there not be a gas-grid, why should we not get electricity for 24 hours, the Prime Minister asked, expressing confidence that next-gen infrastructure would be the key to building a modern India.
Saying that infrastructure is the first condition for development, the prime minister said that once infrastructure is developed, the people can themselves contribute a lot to development. He cited the example of South Korea to showcase how infrastructure creation could spur growth and development. He said if good connectivity was established across the eight states of the North-East, the entire region would prosper, and the tourists from all over the country would flock to the region.
Reiterating the policy of his government to ‘Act East’ to extend the ‘Look East’ policy, the Prime Minister that if India has to be prosperous, then development of North-East should be a priority. He also said he has heard that according to Vastushastra, if the North-East corner of the house was maintained well, then the entire house could be taken care of. Mr Modi said that he had had discussed connectivity during his recent visit to Myanmar for the ASEAN-India Summit and East Asia Summit.
The Prime Minister said that the first Union Budget of his government has committed Rs. 28,000 crore to the development of railway connectivity in the North-East.
He, however, expressed disappointment that while the railways can be an engine of economic growth such a huge potential had not been properly recognised. Assuring that his government would expand and modernise the India railways he called for both horizontal expansion of railways – expanding the network to connect every nook and corner of the country, and vertical expansion of railways – which means capacity building, technology upgradation and better services.
Mr. Modi said that his government has decided to allow 100 percent Foreign Direct Investment in railways, to spur the process of modernisation of Indian Railways and added that the government was also considering privatisation of railway stations to promote economic activities. The Government would also set up four Universities for the Railways, and graduates from these Universities would be able to contribute to the Indian Railways, also getting employment in the process, he added.
Governor of Assam J.B. Patnaik, the Governor of Meghalaya and Mizoram Dr. Krishna Kant Paul, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla, the Union Minister for Railways Suresh Prabhu, the Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Sports Sarbananda Sonowal and the Union Minister of State, Home Kiren Rijiju were present on the function which was attended by a huge crowed. Large number of people lined up on both sides of the road from the airport to the venue to wave at the Prime Minister, who was accorded a warm welcome by Mr Gogoi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Mr. Sonowal and senior BJP leaders and high officials of the State Government on his arrival.
RELATED NEWS

No green nod required for 74 coal blocks to be auctioned in FebruaryBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:41 am
The 74 coal mines, which the government plans to auction to specific end-users in the first phase of bidding on February 11, will not require any green clearances, a top official has said. The auction will be for the private sector, while state-owned companies will get mines via allotment.
The 74 blocks to be auctioned are from 204 mines whose allocations were quashed terming their allotment as “arbitrary and illegal” by the Supreme Court. “In these 74 blocks, the clearances that have been given in the past shall pass on to the new allotees. The Ministry of Environment and Forests is working out a formulation. But in principle they have agreed that there would not be any requirement for fresh clearances,” said Coal Secretary Anil Swarup an interview.
“Land acquisition is not an issue for these blocks, nor environment clearances,” he added. The government had last week announced auctioning and allotment of 74 blocks– 42 blocks, which are already into production and another 32 which are ready for production–in the first phase of bidding. These blocks have a potential to produce 210 million tonnes of coal.
Asked about the remaining 130 mines, Swarup said the focus as of now is on the blocks, which were already producing or ready for production, and the matters related to the remaining blocks would be taken up later as “there are many other things to be done. So there is no urgency in that”.
To a question when the government intends to allow commercial mining, Swarup said: “The government is first considering these 74 coal blocks. Thereafter, a view will be taken on whether or when or how commercial mining will happen.” The government had also announced that it is considering auctioning or allotting more than 74 blocks in the first phase as it wants enough number of coal mines available to power firms.
It is in the process of finalising the exact number of additional mines on the basis of the nature of the blocks. The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly. The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids.

Gas price in India to dip to $5 in 3 years: Goldman SachsGas price in India to dip to $5 in 3 years: Goldman Sachs
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 12:00 PM IST
The new natural gas price of $5.61, which is already among the lowest in Asia Pacific, is likely to drop to around $5 per unit in three years due to the variables included in the formula, Goldman Sachs has said.
"While the Indian government introduced a new gas price regime in October, we believe clear direction is needed on gas pricing for higher-cost projects, such as deepwater, to induce more E&P capex," the global financial major said in a report.
Stating that Indian prices for new projects are among the lowest in Asia Pacific, Goldman said China pays explorers $11.9 per mmBtu (million British Thermal Unit) rate for new projects while Indonesia and the Philippines price the fuel at $11 and $10.5 respectively.
Gas from offshore fields in Myanmar, where Indian firms ONGC and GAIL have stake, are sold to China for $7.72. Thailand prices gas from new projects at $8.2 per mmBtu.
The only nations with lower rates are Vietnam ($5.2) and Malaysia ($5), it said.
"We also find that under the new pricing formula, the price of currently produced gas will gradually fall to $5 per mmBtu over the next three years from current $5.61 per mmBtu, implying falling margins as costs rise," Goldman said.
The government had last month approved a new formula that priced all domestic gas at weighted average of rates prevalent in gas-surplus economies of US/Mexico, Canada and Russia.
"This, along with uncertain prospects in largely unexplored basins, could reduce the attractiveness of India as a future E&P destination, in our view," it said.
On the premium that the government had last month said would be given to future discoveries in difficult areas like deepsea, it said, "The premium for gas from high-cost basins should be linked to international benchmarks rather than be based on block by block negotiation, in our view."
"...We believe clear direction is needed on gas pricing for higher-cost projects, such as deepwater, to induce more exploration and production (E&P) capex," it said.
Goldman said encouraging domestic E&P was critical for the Indian oil and gas sector in order to check the rising dependence on imports.
"We note that apart from high oil import dependence at 80%, India's gas import dependence has also jumped to 35% today vs. 20% in FY10," it said.

Rajans tryst with TuesdaysRajan’s tryst with Tuesdays
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
It may be sheer coincidence that all monetary policy reviews by RBI Governor Raghuram Govind Rajan this fiscal have taken place on Tuesdays and this would be the case for the upcoming review this week as well.
In the current fiscal beginning April 1, 2014, Rajan has undertaken four monetary policy reviews so far and the fifth would take place on December 2, with all these five being on Tuesdays.
The former chief economist of IMF, who took over as RBI Governor on September 4, 2013, came out with four policy reviews during the previous fiscal as well and two of them took place again on Tuesdays. The other two reviews by Rajan were on Wednesday and Friday last fiscal.
As a result, six out of eight monetary policies announced by him during his entire tenure so far have been on Tuesdays.
The ninth review, scheduled for this week, takes place on a Tuesday where RBI is widely expected to keep the benchmark rate unchanged.
Incidentally, Rajan has maintained the benchmark interest rate in all four reviews so far in the current fiscal citing high inflation, even as there has been a growing clamour for rate cuts by industry, the government and economists among others.
Surprising the industry and analysts completely, the RBI Governor in his first policy review in September last year raised the short—term policy (repo) rate by 0.25 per cent to 7.5 per cent to keep “worrisome” inflation under check.
His fight against stubborn inflation gained pace the following month as well when he again hiked the repo rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 7.75 per cent.
Rajan put a pause on rate hike on December 18, 2013 but said the RBI will hike interest rates if inflation does not subside in line with the expected declining trend.
Not happy with the inflation trend, RBI did hike repo rate by 0.25 per cent the very next month that is in January 29, 2014 by 0.25 per cent to 8 per cent. Since then, the central bank has left its benchamark rate unchanged despite pressure from all quarters.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

PV Sindhu wins Macau Open Grand Prix GoldPV Sindhu wins Macau Open Grand Prix Gold
PTI
A file photo of PV Sindhu
Macau, Nov 30:  
Two-time World Championship bronze medallist PV Sindhu lifted her first title of the season by successfully defending the USD 120,000 Macau Grand Prix Gold trophy after seeing off Kim Hyo Min of Korea in the women’s singles finals, here today.
World No. 11 Sindhu prevailed over 91st-ranked, Kim 21—12 21—17 in the summit clash that lasted 45 minutes at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion here.
The bronze-medallist at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, Sindhu faced tough competition from Kim, who had come into the finals after beating seventh seed Chinese Yu Sun but the experienced Indian held her nerves to stave off the challenge from the Korean.
Kim started off on an aggressive note and found the gaps easily to lead 3—0. Sindhu slowly started to decode her rival’s game and not only clawed back at 6—6 with deceptive net play but led 7—6.
Kim wriggled her way out of difficult situation with the help of her back hand returns but she faced resistance from the experienced Sindhu, who used her smashes to notch up winners and entered the interval 11—8 up.
Sindhu dominated the long rallies after the break and caught Kim at the forecourt twice. She also earned points with her soft taps to rush to 19—9 when Kim failed to return a net shot.
The Korean earned a couple of winners with her cross court returns but Sindhu soon reached the game point after making Kim run to four corners of the court. The Indian then clinched the opening game in 20 minutes with a sharp return which Kim couldn’t negotiate.
After changing sides, Kim lost a few points hitting long and wide but her cross court slices helped her move neck and neck at 7—7.
Kim went into the lead when Sindhu made some misjudged at the baseline. The Indian also struggled with the length of her fast attacking lifts, allowing Kim to go into lead at 11—8.
Sindhu, however, got back her bearing after the breather as she drew parity and then went into a 13—11 lead with five straight points. Kim gathered two points to once again fight back to 13—13 but the Korean struggled with the drift and hit long and wide to be 13—17 behind.
Kim grabbed a point with two impressive forecourt returns and aided by Sindhu’s error in judgement at the baseline moved to 16—17. A long fierce rally ensued which Sindhu won after pushing the shuttle at the back of the court.
Sindhu earned a healthy four match—point lead when Kim failed to return a shot. Kim saved one when the Indian hit wide but with the Korean herself sending the shuttle out after that, Sindhu clinched her first title of the season.
Sindhu had lost the Syed Modi Grand Prix Gold final to fellow Indian Saina Nehwal in January this year.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Chelsea drop points  United register winThe goalless draw at the Stadium of Lights was the only instance where the London-based club has failed to score. (Source: AP)
London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:57 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:00 pm
Chelsea’s seemingly irresistible march towards the title hit an unlikely roadblock at Sunderland on Saturday as they were held to a 0-0 draw having failed to score for the first time in their unbeaten Premier League season.
Jose Mourinho’s side stretched their lead at the top to seven points but Sunderland’s splendid resistance at the Stadium of Light at least scattered a few crumbs of hope for nearest pursuers Southampton and Manchester City, who meet on Sunday.
Chelsea’s other floundering heavyweight rivals — Manchester United, who beat Hull City 3-0, Arsenal, who won at West Bromwich Albion with a Danny Welbeck goal , and Liverpool, who beat Stoke City 1-0 despite dropping captain Steven Gerrard — were also grateful for Sunderland’s dogged effort.
Gus Poyet’s Sunderland team, who have become rare pests for Mourinho as Chelsea’s conquerors in last season’s League Cup and the side which ended his 78-match unbeaten league record at Stamford Bridge, could even have pinched another win if Adam Johnson had not spurned two late chances.
Chelsea, nowhere near as sharp as in their midweek Champions League dismantling of Schalke 04, dominated proceedings but were held for the third time this term as they moved clear of second-placed Southampton and nine points ahead of champions City.
Mourinho, far from disappointed, felt it was a “a good point” against a Sunderland side which Poyet, a former Stamford Bridge favourite, reckoned had “defended for their lives”.
“Only one team tried to win from the beginning, the other team didn’t. They defended a lot and they defended well,” said Mourinho. “Defending a lot and well is not a crime. They were successful in their approach.”
GERRARD AXED
At Anfield, the inspirational Gerrard was axed on the 16th anniversary of his Liverpool debut but Brendan Rodgers’ surprise decision was vindicated as they arrested their slump.
There have been plenty of questions over the form and effectiveness of Gerrard, 34, during 11th-placed Liverpool’s recent travails but even dropping him to the bench did not seem to alter their sluggish form as they laboured for 75 minutes.
The captain came on with a quarter of an hour left, amid deafening cheers, and Liverpool finally broke through with Glen Johnson’s 85th-minute header.
Arsenal also gained welcome relief amid their worst start to a season for 32 years thanks to Welbeck’s header.
The victory, reflecting Arsenal’s domination, did not stop manager Arsene Wenger having to field questions about a fan banner which said, “Thanks for the memories but it’s time to say goodbye”.
“I don’t want to comment on that. I try to do my best for this club that I love,” responded Wenger.
The win moved Arsenal up to sixth on 20 points as Manchester United consolidated fourth with 22 after first-half goals by Chris Smalling and Wayne Rooney and a brilliant strike from continued…

Shantanu Moitra very happy with PK musicBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:55 pm
Music composer Shantanu Moitra is “very happy” with his work in the forthcoming Aamir Khan starrer ‘PK’ and hopes people will love it.
“I am very happy to have used the classic waltz, lyrical, lilting music and duets for ‘PK’,” he told PTI during his visit here for the launch of his debut book in English ‘On the Wings of Music’.
My use of music in ‘PK’ goes with my belief that a rich baritone like Nat King Cole has an eternal appeal,” said Shantanu, who has previously composed music for ‘Parineeta’, ‘Lager Raho Munnabhai’, ‘Hazaron Khwahishen Aisi’, ‘Madras Cafe’ and ‘3 Idiots’.
“The experience of composing for ‘PK’ has been excellent,” said the music composer, who has won the National Film Award this year for best music direction for Tamil film ‘Na Bangarru Taali’.
‘PK’ has been directed by Raj Kumar Hirani and also stars Anushka Sharma, Sanjay Dutt and Sushant Singh Rajput. It is scheduled to be released on December 19.

Deodhar Trophy 2014: Manoj Tiwary sizzles in East Zones big winBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:35 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:22 pm
Skipper Manoj Tiwary continued his blazing form in domestic competitions with a magnificent 151 that powered East Zone to a comfortable 52-run win over North in the Deodhar Trophy semi-final in Mumbai on Sunday.
Courtesy Manoj’s career-best one day knock that came off only 121 balls, East scored 273 for eight in 50 overs.  In reply, North were never in contention as a disciplined bowling effort saw them get all out for 221 in 47.1 overs.
Fittingly, it was the East Zone captain who winded up the innings with the wicket of Sandeep Sharma. Senior Bengal off-spinner Saurashis Lahiri (3/41) bowled brilliantly with able support from Biplab Samantray (2/51), Ashok Dinda (2/59) and Shahbaz Nadeem (1/34).
However the day belonged to Manoj, who certainly staked a strong claim to be included in the 30-member preliminary squad for the World Cup as well as a berth in the team for the tri-series Down Under.
In the past one month, Manoj has scored a century each in Duleep Trophy (vs West Zone), Vijay Hazare Trophy (130 vs Vidarbha)and now Deodhar Trophy (151 vs North Zone).
Sunday’s innings had 15 boundaries and four sixes. As usual, he was pretty severe on spinners, especially India discard Amit Mishra (1/60 in 9 overs) who was taken to task. Even Rishi Dhawan (2/53) and Sandeep Sharma (2/490, who were economical in the beginning were treated with disdain during the death overs.
North Zone captain Harbhajan Singh, didn’t take part in the match due to viral fever and throat infection.
Such was Manoj’s dominance, the next-best score in the East innings was 43 off 61 balls from glovesman Shreevats Goswami, who helped his captain in steadying the innings after a shaky start.
Chasing the stiff target North began poorly to be 29 for 3 before being shot out for 221 in 47.1 overs to leave East comfortable winners. Gurkeerat Singh Mann (83) was the highest scorer for the losers.
In the morning, Manoj showed plenty of fortitude and determination to pull his side out of the woods after they were put in to bat by North on a track offering assistance to the bowlers early on.

Amit Shah accuses Mamata Banerjee of blocking NIA probe  says Saradha scam money used in Burdwan blastWritten by Arshad Ali | Kolkata |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:56 am
‘I am Amit Shah, a BJP worker. I have come to Bengal to uproot the TMC,” said the BJP president as he took on the Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress government here on Sunday.
Accusing the Chief Minister of shielding the guilty in the Saradha scam, Shah further alleged a link between the Saradha scam and the October 2 Burdwan blast.
Addressing a rally here, he said, “Saradha chit fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save TMC leaders who are involved in the blast.”
He said that while Mamata had led protests to support those whose land was acquired in Singur, she was not bothered about the 17 lakh investors who lost their money in the Saradha scam. “Who bought your paintings? Why was the Shyamal Sen Commission scrapped? Did the TMC leaders benefit from Saradha or not? Why are you shielding the accused in the Saradha case and the Burdwan blast case?” he asked.
Referring to the protests by TMC MPs outside Parliament over black money, he said: “What do TMC and Mamata Banerjee have to say about the money siphoned off in the Saradha scam? Was that black money or white money?”
BJP MP Chandan Mitra, S S Ahluwalia, Siddharth Nath Singh, National President Amit Shah and state president Rahul Sinha during the Uprising day Rally in Kolkata on Sunday. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Shah said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Lok Sabha victory march would culminate with the BJP’s victory in the Bengal Assembly polls due in 2016. “Our mission is to make Bengal a TMC-free state, and looking at the huge gathering I am sure that the coundown for the Mamata-led TMC government has begun,” he said.
“Bengal needs a government which is patriotic, which doesn’t save the culprits of the Burdwan blast, which does not indulge in corruption,” said Shah.
“The state is lagging behind in areas of health, education, law and order. There are about 16,000 unemployed tea workers. The state has all the potential and Narendra Modi wants its development too, but Mamata will not allow that to happen. To make it happen, you must help BJP form a government here so that it can work in tandem with the central government,” he said. “In 2015, you must resolve to uproot the TMC.”
Responding to Mamata’s jibe at him, Shah said a few days back she wanted to know who Amit Shah is. “Didi, If you can see… if you can hear… I am Amit Shah… a small worker of BJP who has come to Bengal to uproot the TMC from here.”
Among the other party leaders who addressed the gathering were continued…
Saradha Chit Fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly.

Amitabh Bachchan feels life should be chaoticPosted: November 30, 2014 5:00 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan feels a little bit of chaos is a necessity in life.
The 72-year-old actor, who is currently shooting Shoojit Sircar’s ‘Piku’ in Ahmedabad, said he enjoys rehearsing his lines amidst noise.
“Words written in solitude in an air of nothingness, bring the required results. Words written in the middle of chaotic traffic, are the best for me – life should be chaotic, yet controlled in some. Those ‘some’s’ I do not know, but this I do know that solitude does not always bring about, the qualities that you long for,” Bachchan posted on his blog.
At times a bit of noise helps – particularly in front of the camera when we are rehearsing our lines .. the errors we make cannot be heard, with that external sound .. so I enjoy rehearsing in noise .. just rehearsing .. nothing else,” he added.
‘Piku’ also stars Deepika Padukone and Irrfan. It went on floors in August this year.

Eight minesweeper vessels to be built in India: Defence Minister Manohar ParrikarThe government is decreasing the dependence on foreign countries for defence-related procurements, said Manohar Parrikar.
Panaji |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:44 pm
Eight minesweeper naval vessels will be built by Goa Shipyard Limited with maximum indigenous technology under the ‘Make in India’ campaign, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said on Sunday.
“In-principle it has been decided that the work for constructing eight minesweepers would be awarded to Goa Shipyard Limited. This would be under ‘Make in India’ campaign,” he told reporters here.
Earlier, similar kinds of vessels were being brought from outside India and later modified here, he said.
“But in this case, they will be built in India with indigenous technology being used at its maximum. Only in case they require technological help, they can get it after following proper procedures,” he said.
Parrikar said that it was not possible to make a completely indigenous ship.
“Foreign collaborations would be restricted to hi-tech items and technological transfers,” he said.
The government, he said, is decreasing the dependence on foreign countries for defence-related procurements.
“Energy security and war are things in which you require your own resources during the critical moments. Due to some reasons, if suppliers put embargo, the machinery will come to a halt,” he said.
“You have to have a proper strategy for your procurement. The best thing is that whenever possible make or buy the equipment indigenously,” the minister said.
The construction of the minesweepers, also referred as the mine countermeasure vessels, had recently run into controversy after the government withdrew a contract awarded to a firm due to violation of a clause.
Parrikar said the tender awarded to the firm in the past has been called off and an ‘integrity bond’ of Rs three crore which was submitted by it has been confiscated.
A minesweeper is a small warship designed to counter the threat posed by naval mines and keep the waterways clear for shipping.

Pakistan violates ceasefire  objects to construction on Indian sideNov 30, 2014 at 04:38pm IST
Pakistan violates ceasefire, objects to construction on Indian side
20
0
Jammu: Pakistan rangers on Sunday opened fire on Indian border posts after objecting to construction by Border Security Force on the Indian side in Samba sector in Jammu and Kashmir.
The Border Security Force retaliated to the ceasefire violations. No casualties have been reported so far. The Pakistani rangers fired around 25 rounds of small arms on Indian positions along the international border in Samba sector, a senior BSF officer said.
"The Pakistan rangers resorted to small arm fire at around 11:00 AM today and the firing lasted till 12:45 PM. We also retaliated. However, no causality has taken place," the officer said.
The Border Security Force retaliated to the ceasefire violations. No casualties have been reported so far.
#jammu and kashmir #bsf #samba sector #india
Sunday's ceasefire violation came after the Pakistani rangers objected to the ongoing construction work on the Indian side.
To improve the living condition of BSF personnel deployed on the international border, the BSF has undertaken construction work to upgrade the bathrooms and other facilities for the personnel to which the Pakistani side has regularly been objecting.
"We are constructing a boundary wall in the area inside our territory. This is part of the construction project to provide better living condition to our forces, to which Pakistani side has regularly raised objection," a senior BSF official said.
He said that a party of the Pakistani rangers asked the Indian side to stop the construction work to which the BSF refused.
"At 10:30 they (Pakistani rangers) demanded that we stop construction work on our side, to which we refused. They threated to fire at us if we don't stop the work. We categorically told them that we would retaliate if they fire. After they returned to their position, they fired at us at around 11 AM, to which our side retaliated," the officer said.
The officer said that the firing lasted for more than 90 minutes and has now stopped.
"The latest ceasefire violation was meant to scare the construction workers. They (Pakistani side) have in the past also indulged in such violations to stop us from improving the living conditions of the BSF personnel," the officer said.
The incident comes on the heels of ceasefire violation on November 28 along the International Border in the Arnia sector.
8

Immense scope for tourism in North East states  says PM ModiNov 30, 2014 at  04:38pm IST
Immense scope for tourism in North East states, says PM Modi
17
0
Imphal: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said that there is immense scope for tourism in North East states and that his government will make the world realise the potential of Manipur.
"There is immense scope in the field of tourism in North East states. We want the North East to scale new heights of development," Modi said.
While speaking at Sangai Festival in Manipur, Modi said that his government has earmarked around Rs 60,000 crore for development in North East.
He said that sports is in the DNA of Manipur and the Central government has decided to establish a sports university in the state.
"Manipur has produced many top sports persons," the Prime Minister said.
3

Pope  patriarch demand end to IS attacksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear babuji what index level you think index overvalued regard...Platinum Member
714 Followers
The current valuations are not as enticing as they were three-four months ago.Remember that markets never move in a striaght line ., sop lets not be worried of an impending sell off. But look to accumulate good quality stocks and that have decent track records, professional management and fair valuations , and most important a sustainable business . The best opportunity reside in higher quality mid-caps that have pricing power. Let me suggest few that you should accumulate :::: Marico Kaya - must , MCX , Delta Corp .....MMTC ....REC .so....plan your trade.....so remain committed. be positive. i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent return since every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 211......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 4200 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 835 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 156 ...Dolphin Off at 151 levels......now shot up to 223 ....will go to 450... in one year....Wockhardt from 625 levels since last 2 months ....now jumped to 817.....surely this stock will reach new highs....perhaps ....1400 to 1800 by March 2015........Triton Valves @ 735 ....now 1145 , Jindal saw @ 75 .........now 106.......i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw, Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , B&A ltd , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must ,B&A Ltd - must buy , Empire Inds-must buy , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Jindal saw, Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , dolphin off, ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : baboo288 message
6.53 AM Nov 30th

My 5 star again for your messageSilver Member
26 Followers
@PB: Since you have requested, let us revisit the tedious discussion so far and see how it might help you and others too: I am going solely by the NSE JPA chart for Friday, 28th Nov 2014
Prerequisite: NSE chart link here: http://t.in.com/dMTZ
Q:” JPA opened EXACTLY at 29 “UQ
Sir, NSE Open- 28.90. BSE Open- 29 Which one will you choose?  EXACTLY BSE, of course!  Confirmation Bias gets started. (CB 1)
Q:  “JPA then moved down to 28.5 before moving up to 29.90” UQ
Sir, See the chart again, JPA FIRST moved UP to 29.90. Also, if you have chosen BSE for Open, then the BSE high is only 29.75- you never achieved your T1 of 29.85. Ok, so forget BSE now!  Back to NSE! (CB 2)
Q:  “JPA moved down to 28.65 at 9:32” UQ
Sir, at 9:32 am, both NSE and BSE show JPA trading at 29.40 (not at your level of 28.65) …. (CB 3)
Q “And buddy, u completely missed d point, my recommended BUY range got activated nd the it DID achieve T1 before taking support at the levels I`d mentioned :)” UQ
Sir, See the Chart again. Your so called buy range got activated at 10: 17 at a price of 28.65 AFTER hitting day’s high of 29.90 and even if one was lucky he still couldn’t have achieved t1 of 29.85! … (CB 4).
“Nobody is perfect” wouldn’t count after bluffing!  What really got me was, at EOD you were strutting around thinking that no boarder will see the charts or see the direction and price movement.  Exploit it onto boarders’ plain indifference or laziness or lack of detailing …I COMPLETELY GET THE POINT!  And I do not read charts while doing headstands or Inverted Yoga! Or is something really amiss? Please enlighten me! I too will be the first one to admit my mistake.  No big deal!

Fy16 eps target is 12Gold Member
29 Followers
Dear unforeseenvalue, I know you are one of the oldest boarders on this board from lower levels of 30-40/. I am swing your messages for long. The way agrochemicals /other Agro related stocks like seeds etc have performed, like PI, KAVERI, MONSANTO, DHANUKA, Insecticides, etc, Astec is likely to move further ahead to say 140/ level. Going forward these stocks will do better going by the way they have performed this season despite an average monsoon. I think the small caps that are poised to do well in the next one year will include Astec, Aimco pesticides, Paushak. I own the two except Aimco which I am targeting for an entry. Warm regards!
In reply to : unseenvalue message
11.53 PM Nov 30th

Very bad idea  low rubber price  falling crude prices will completely...Platinum Member
81 Followers
completely sell at current moment......instead one should add ceat blindly at current levels.....ceat will move from 900 to 1200 with ease while jk will rome around 680 levels  within 1 month......secondly ceat is altogethere better company then jk from financials and balance sheet point of view....even in growth prospects ceat has upperhand.....ceat exports are mindblowing......just add ceat at current level sureshot.....
9.14 AM Nov 30th

New Brazil finance minister sets targetsNew Brazilian finance minister pledges to restore fiscal balance
Joe Leahy and Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
©Bloomberg
New Brazil finance minister Joaquim Levy
Joaquim Levy , Brazil’s new finance minister, immediately committed to restoring balance to the country’s struggling public finances in comments that will please investors and rating agencies.
The Chicago-trained former Treasury secretary said the primary fiscal surplus, the budget surplus before interest payments, would be gradually returned to the equivalent of at least 2 per cent of gross domestic product per year.
“The immediate objective . . . is to establish a target for the primary fiscal surplus for the next three years that is compatible with the stabilisation and decline of gross public debt in relation to GDP,” he said.
More
First missing Mexican student identified
Mr Levy, who is seen as a fiscal hawk in contrast to predecessor Guido Mantega, who oversaw a generous and prolonged fiscal stimulus, said there would be no immediate “package” of measures.
But he said the government would aim for a primary surplus next year of 1.2 per cent followed by at least 2 per cent in 2016.
“It is well understood that to achieve this trajectory in relation to public debt to GDP, the primary surplus of the consolidated government should be at the minimum 2 per cent of GDP for a prolonged period,” he said.
Answering concerns that he would have sufficient independence from President Dilma Rousseff, who has been criticised for interventionism on the economy, Mr Levy said he believe that there was sufficient “maturity” in the team to handle such issues.
“Autonomy has been given. The objective is clear . . . we will see as the days play out how things go,” he said.
Ms Rousseff also announced that former Treasury secretary Nelson Barbosa would take over as planning minister from Miriam Belchior, overseeing the country’s major infrastructure projects, and central bank head Alexandre Tombini would continue in his job.
When speculation began to gather steam last week that Brazil’s centre-left government would appoint Mr Levy, opposition leader Aécio Neves joked that it would be like appointing a CIA chief to head the KGB.
Mr Neves, the pro-business PSDB party leader who narrowly lost an election to Ms Rousseff and her Workers’ party, or PT, last month, may not be far off the mark.
Capital market investors, hitherto hostile to the president, hailed Mr Levy’s looming appointment.
Brazil’s currency was one of the strongest performing in emerging markets this week on expectations that his appointment would mean the president would rethink populist policies that won her the election but which have run the economy into the ground.
Brazil’s real weakened from a three-week high, falling 0.82 per cent against the dollar to R$2.52 on Thursday, while Brazil’s benchmark stock index, the Ibovespa, fell 0.47 per cent to 54,842.25.
In contrast to Mr Mantega, who has overseen a fiscal stimulus that critics say is jeopardising Brazil’s investment grade credit rating, Mr Levy is known to believe in tight control of government finances.
“He is a no-nonsense economist who knows that at the end of the day the priorities are a stable economy and a growing economy and there are no heterodox ways of doing that,” says Paulo Sotero, director of the Brazil Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Centre for Scholars.
The appointment of Mr Levy and his economic team is potentially the biggest turning point for Brazil’s economy since Ms Rousseff took office from her wildly popular predecessor, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, in 2011.
The former president was seen as a pragmatist who was able to balance orthodox macroeconomic policies – such as keeping a firm lid on inflation and maintaining a healthy fiscal surplus – with the task of sustaining economic growth and increasing spending on social programmes.
On her entry into office, Ms Rousseff seemed prepared to follow the same path. But after the eurozone crisis in mid-2011, she launched policies that became known as the “new economic matrix”.
Ms Rousseff pushed down interest rates to historic lows, stepped up ad hoc tax breaks for selected industries and increased controls on the currency and fuel and energy prices to help control inflation.
While her government says the measures were driven by a state of almost permanent crisis in the global economy, critics say her interventionism went too far, deterring investment and killing off growth, which has lagged behind much of the rest of Latin America.
Worse, the combination of falling economic growth and rising gross public debt has placed Brazil’s prized investment grade rating in question.
This is something that Mr Levy is expected to fix. The head of one of Brazil’s biggest private sector fund managers, Bradesco Asset Management , he was national Treasury secretary between 2003 and 2006 and finance secretary for the state of Rio de Janeiro between 2007 and 2010.
With a degree in marine engineering, Mr Levy received his doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago and has served on the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank.
“His is a name that suggests the next finance ministry will enjoy more autonomy,” said Luciano Rostagno, chief strategist at Banco Mizuho do Brasil.
beyondbrics
Emerging markets: News and comment from more than 40 emerging economies
However, some question how effective he will be under a Rousseff administration. Mr Levy’s stint under former president, Mr Lula da Silva, coincided with some of the golden years of Brazil’s economy, when the commodity supercycle was in full swing.
His immediate boss was former finance minister Antonio Palocci, an astute politician who imposed the fiscal austerity that gave Mr Lula da Silva credibility among investors.
This time, his boss will be President Rousseff, a reluctant rationalist at best who is likely to blanch at any macroeconomic adjustments that risk a short term rise in joblessness.Mr Levy, during public appearances as head of Bradesco, has usually declined to criticise current government policy.
Goldman Sachs economist Alberto Ramos, who studied at the University of Chicago with Mr Levy and worked alongside him at the IMF, said he was an “excellent choice”.
But he recalls sitting on a panel with Mr Levy in New York when he consistently toed the government’s line. “He was trying to see the positive things taking place,” Mr Ramos said.
While some analysts dismiss this simply as a deliberate attempt by Mr Levy to make himself “politically viable”, Mr Ramos said the crunch would come when he attempted to take tough decisions that Ms Rousseff did not support.
He remarked that even if Ben Bernanke, the former US Federal Reserve chairman, was installed as the Brazilian finance minister, it would not make any difference if Ms Rousseff was not onboard.
“Having a voice of reason and having a solid orthodox voice within the cabinet is very valuable but the policies in the end will be Dilma’s decision,” he said.
Related Topics

From ideology to policySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Market rout as oil fall hits energy groupsMarket rout as oil slide rocks energy groups
Christopher Adams and Neil Buckley in London and Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b33af5c-76d8-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil economy crawls out of recessionBrazil crawls out of recession in 3rd quarter
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6bdd978-7719-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An entrepreneur at heart  Debbi Fields misses running the showAn entrepreneur at heart, Debbi Fields misses running the show
Debbi Fields
Ron Galella / WireImage
Debbi Fields attends Mrs. Fields Cookies launch party at Bloomingdale's in New York City on June 19, 1983.
Debbi Fields attends Mrs. Fields Cookies launch party at Bloomingdale's in New York City on June 19, 1983. (Ron Galella / WireImage)
By Liz Welch, Inc.com
'There are many things to be excited about in my life, but my heart will always tug at being at the helm.'
Debbi Fields was 20 when she decided to turn her chocolate-chip-cookie recipe into a company. She opened her first  Mrs. Fields bakery  in 1977 in Palo Alto, California, and built it into a national chain before selling Mrs. Fields to an investment firm for $100 million. But, in her heart, Fields will always be entrepreneur, as she explains to Inc. contributing editor Liz Welch.
0
My official time at Mrs. Fields came to an end in 2000. In the 14 years since, I have been a spokesperson. I still talk to the owners, but I do miss running the show. I miss the people; I miss the  customers . It was my baby, and I love what we accomplished.
What I don't miss was being a full-time psychologist. That was the biggest challenge, spending most of my time encouraging people: Yes, you can do it! You can do it!
Being out of the business is like empty-nest syndrome — there are different stages. I have five daughters. I remember when my youngest daughter went off to college. I had been raising children for more than 30 years, nonstop. The last one leaving me, I was devastated. I had to learn to adjust and adapt.
You cannot live in the past, but you celebrate those beautiful moments. The love, the joy, the pain.
There are many things to be excited about in my life, but my heart will always tug at being at the helm. I'm a born entrepreneur.

Black Friday frenzy moves onlineNovember 23, 2014 4:41 pm
US retailers move Black Friday sales push online
Elizabeth Paton in New York and Andrea Felsted in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2377bb34-7317-11e4-a257-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Week in Review  November 29November 28, 2014 6:17 pm
Week in Review, November 29
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e67a2b66-771e-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Critically endangered Forest Owlet spotted in Western GhatsUpdated: November 29, 2014 17:09 IST
Critically endangered Forest Owlet spotted in Western Ghats
Tweet
A Forest Owlet found in Melghat, Maharashtra. The discovery of 'Forest Owlet', listed as one facing a high risk of extinction, in the Western Ghats has brought new hope about its survival. Photo: Special Arrangement
The discovery of 'Forest Owlet', listed as one facing a high risk of extinction, in the Western Ghats has brought new hope about its survival. Photo here shows a view of Matheran, a hill station 110 km from Mumbai, in the Western Ghats. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
Researchers have found the critically endangered ‘Forest Owlet’ in the northern part of the Western Ghats, 100 km from Mumbai.
 
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List has named this bird as the one facing a high risk of extinction. Till now, Forest Owlet was known endemic to Satpuda mountain ranges in central India. Its discovery in the Western Ghats has brought new hope about its survival.
 
Naturalist Sunil Laad, associated with the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), spotted the Forest Owlet in Tansa Wildlife Sanctuary in Maharashtra’s Palghar district in October.
On subsequent study tours to Tansa, visitors and conservationists were greeted with calls of the bird around seven km from the location. A research paper authored by Sunil Laad and Rohidas Dagale, based on this finding, will shortly be published in the Journal of BNHS (JBNHS).
 
“I am extremely delighted to know about the discovery of this extremely rare bird so close to Mumbai. I hope the authorities will take proper steps to protect the Forest Owlet in Tansa,” Dr. Asad Rahmani, Director, BNHS, told The Hindu
 
For nearly 113 years, Forest Owlet was considered to be extinct, until researchers rediscovered it in 1997 in Toranmal Reserve Forest near Shahada in the Satpuda ranges in Nandurbar District, Maharashtra. Later studies established its presence across Satpuda ranges from Piplod in Gujarat and Toranmal to Yawal and Melghat in Maharashtra and Kalibhit in Madhya Pradesh.
 
The place where it was located is a dry deciduous forest, with open patches, which is very similar to the typical Forest Owlet habitat in the Satpuda ranges. However, this location in Tansa is partially degraded due to human disturbances.
 
Scientists working on Forest Owlet too are excited over the discovery. “This species was for long known to be endemic to Satpuda ranges and has now been recorded in northern Western Ghats. This clearly highlights the need to conserve crucial avian habitats such as Tansa and other areas which are potential homes of Forest Owlet,” Girish Jathar, an Ornithologist with the BNHS, said.

Legal Loophole Lets Germany Spy on Own CitizensIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

How To Give It: Online charity auction« Auction Homepage Learn More
How To Spend It, the FT's award-winning luxury lifestyle magazine, is celebrating its 20th anniversary with a special edition dedicated to raising money for Save the Children. Christie's is offering for sale every item and experience pictured in the November 29 issue of the magazine, with all proceeds going to charity. There are 83 lots with a total value of over £530,000, many of which are one-of-a-kind, bespoke or limited edition – with bids from just £200.

Christmas gift guideNovember 28, 2014 11:45 am
Christmas gift guide
Compiled by Libby Grace
Our Christmas gift guide has treats for all the family – provided, of course, they’ve been well behaved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afc126e4-75c8-11e4-b082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First Person: Im Britains rst female beer inspector© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/126440fa-7507-11e4-a418-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mulayam takes a dig at Modi  Akhilesh meets AnandibenBy: Express News Service | Gandhinagar |
Posted: November 30, 2014 4:12 am
Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday made balanced political statements during their trip to Ahmedabad to attend a wedding event of former Medical Council of India (MCI) chief Ketan Desai’s son.
While the father criticised the Narendra Modi government, junior Yadav, as a part of protocol, paid a courtesy visit to Chief Minister Anandiben Patel and exchanged gifts.
Soon after landing at Ahmedabad airport, Mulayam Singh Yadav told the mediapersons that from this trip on they would begin taking dig at the Modi government. “He (Modi) had said that he will fulfil promises in six months. We remained quite for six months. But now we will speak,” said senior Yadav.
“The biggest of all promises was of giving employment to youths. But he has so far failed to do so,” he added. However, in the same breath, he also said that the PM is a hard-working person. “He (Modi) does hard work and remains among the people. But he has failed to fulfil his promises,” he said
Over the issue of the forging family ties with Lalu Prasad, former UP CM said, “It is a personal matter. It can’t be related to politics. And, earlier too, we have worked for the same party for years. I used to visit to Bihar as a colleague when he was CM.”
Replying to quaries on  forming a third front, Mulayam Singh said, “The BJP has come to power because of someone’s weakness. But the SP has not gone weak. Seats may have reduced, but our voting percentage has not gone down. We have maintained our strong position.”
He also said that the Gujarat government should come forward to help the woman from Vadodara who had put herself on sale on social networking site.
Meanwhile, UP CM Akhilesh Yadav met Anandiben Patel at her office in Gandhinagar. For the meeting that lasted for more than an hour, an official release by the Gujarat Information Department said, “UP CM Akhilesh Yadav paid a courtesy visit to the CM”.
Akhilesh Yadav, maintaining that they were in Ahmedabd for a private function, refused to make any comment.

"Sonakshi Sinha lost oodles of weight especially for the  Radha  song " says Boney KapoorBy: BollywoodHungama.com | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:46 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 12:37 pm
Boney Kapoor is a very proud producer. For his latest production ‘Tevar’ where he has cast his son Arjun Kapoor for the first time, it’s the film’s leading lady Sonakshi Sinha, whom a section of the media has linked with Arjun, that Boney is raving about.
“Look at her in ‘Tevar’. Sonakshi has never looked more stunning. She lost oodles of weight especially to shoot the song ‘Radha Nachegi’. Look at how gracefully she has performed the song. Very few contemporary leading ladies can carry off a semi-classical number so fluently,” raves Boney, and adds that he will work with her again “very shortly.”
The ‘Radha Nachegi’ song is one of the most expensive song-and-dance sequences to have ever been shot.
Says Boney, “We had to recreate the banks of the river Yamuna on a studio floor. It wasn’t easy…or cheap.”
Boney will be casting Sonakshi in the Hindi remake of yet another South Indian hit again directed by a fresh director.
Boney who has in the past burnt his fingers with Hindi remakes directed by the original South Indian directors sees more sense in signing a fresh director for the remake. “For Tevar we chose Amit Sharma to do the Hindi version of the Telugu hit ‘Okkadi’ because we wanted to change the flavour and mood of the original.”

Afghan security forces prepare to take overThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aparajith stars for South ZoneUpdated: November 29, 2014 23:27 IST
Aparajith stars for South Zone
G. Viswanath
Tweet
PTI
TIMELY KNOCK: South Zone's Baba Aparajith celebrates his century against Central Zone in the Deodhar Trophy in Mumbai on Saturday.
TOPICS
cricket
South plays West in the semifinals
Baba Aparajith looked the part as a top order batsman on a spiteful Wankhede pitch and sparkled in South Zone’s 116-run win over Central Zone in the quarterfinal of the Prof. D. B. Deodhar Trophy on Saturday.
The Tamil Nadu batsman, who came to the middle at the fall of Robin Uthappa in the last ball of the ninth over, demonstrated the right technique and temperament to keep the Central’s attack at bay.
He got out in the 47th over after making his second limited-over century (113, 105b, 8x4, 2x6).
His splendid effort in the first half of the day, after put in by Central, propelled his team to 296 for nine in 50 overs.
Central’s seam bowlers — Pankaj Singh, Ishwar Pandey and Anureet Singh — used the new ball well to reduce South to 88 for three by the 21st over. Pankaj Singh had Uthappa nicking to ‘keeper Jitesh Sharma, Anureet beat Manish Pandey in the air to dislodge the stumps and Ishwar Pandey forced an edge from Mayank Agarwal’s bat.
Neither the wrist spinner Piyush Chawla nor the Chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav were able to display sufficient guile to break Aparajith and Karun Nair’s concentration.
The high-scoring rate by the fourth-wicket pair largely paved the way for South to reach 296 when Nair fell in the batting power-play.
South made 39 off the power-play overs (36-40) and lost a wicket. 
Thereafter Aparajith forged useful partnerships with Sanju Samson and Sachin Baby as South proceeded towards posting a 300 plus total. But Pankaj (five for 45) picked up three quick wickets off four balls (Vinay Kumar, Baby and Reddy) to restrict it to 296.  
Seamer Vinay Kumar used the ideal bowling conditions to get the better of the top order batsmen and three run outs added to Central’s misery. Only Arjit Gupta scored an entertaining half-century. 
Man-of-the-Match Aparajith said it was good to score a hundred in the presence of national selectors.
South will play West in the semifinals on Monday. 
Minute’s silence
Both teams and match officials observed a minute’s silence before the start of play in memory of Phil Hughes.
The scores:
South Zone: Robin Uthappa c Jitesh Sharma b Pankaj Singh 9, Mayank Agarwal c Dagar b Pandey 35, Baba Aparajith c Dagar b Jalaj Saxena 113, Manish Pandey b Anureet Singh 7, Karun Nair c Pandey b Pankaj Singh 74, Sanju Samson c Pandey b Jalaj Saxena 7, Sachin Baby c Sharma b Pankaj Singh 28, R. Vinay Kumar c Anureet Singh b Pankaj Singh 7, Ashish Reddy c Anureet Singh b Pankaj Singh 4, Darshan Misal (not out) 0, C. Stephen (not out) 0; Extras (lb-5, w-7): 12; Total (for nine wkts. in 50 overs): 296.
Fall of wickets: 1-32, 2-60, 3-88, 4-212, 5-240, 6-272, 7-292, 8-292, 9-296.  
Central Zone bowling: Pankaj Singh 10-1-45-5, Ishwar Pandey 9-2-38-1, Anureet Singh 9-0-47-1, Piyush Chawla 7-0-61-0, Kuldeep Yadav 7-0-54-0, Jalaj Saxena 8-0-46-2.
Central Zone: Mukul Dagar run out 47, Jalaj Saxena run out 1, Jitesh Sharma c Pandey b Vinay Kumar 2, Ashok Menaria lbw b Vinay Kumar 0, Anand Bais run out 19, Piyush Chawla st. Uthappa b Misal 31, Arjit Gupta c Aparajith b Vinay Kumar 66, Kuldeep Yadav c Uthappa b P. Pandey 1, Anureet Singh c Samson b Misal 0, Ishwar Pandey (not out) 2, Pankaj Singh b Ashish Reddy 1; Extras (lb-2, w-8): 10; Total (in 36.3 overs): 180.
Fall of wickets: 1-1, 2-4, 3-4, 4-63, 5-82, 6-129, 7-138, 8-149, 9-178. 
South Zone bowling: Vinay Kumar 6-2-8-3, C. Stephen 7-0-34-0, Manish Pandey 9-0-61-1, Ashish Reddy 5.3-0-14-1, Darshan Misal 6-0-41-2, Aparajith 3-0-20-0.

 RBI Policy to Set Tone for Markets  Volatility Seen: ExpertsFund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
New Delhi: Volatility is on the cards next week as the stock markets take cues from the much-awaited Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy meet, developments in Parliament and economic indicators, including monthly auto sales, say experts.
Shares, which have logged new highs in the past few sessions, will immediately react to GDP data that was released after the markets closed on Friday.
Economic growth fell to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter compared to 5.7 per cent in the June quarter. This has raised the clamour for a rate cut by the RBI in its December 2 policy review meeting.
"We believe the ongoing positivity will extend further and index will touch newer high in this week. However, things won't be easy for traders as volatility may continue to surprise due to list of events and data," said Jayant Manglik, president-retail distribution at Religare Securities.
The release of HSBC manufacturing PMI data for November on Monday and HSBC India services PMI on Wednesday would also help shape directions.
Additionally, markets would be keeping a close eye on auto stocks as these companies would be unveiling their monthly sales figures.
"Markets are hoping for a rate cut in the RBI policy meeting this week," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
Besides, investors would also track the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament amid expectations of more reforms.
"Movement of index in near-term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, much awaited RBI's monetary policy on Tuesday and auto sales numbers in start of the month," said Vivek Gupta, CMT-director research at CapitalVia Global Research.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 359.36 points to settle at 28,693.99. The index hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Globally, European Central Bank (ECB) will meet on December 4 to discuss monetary policy. Hopes are high that ECB would unveil more stimulus depending on economic conditions.
The US non-farm payrolls report for November will be out on December 5.
Story first published on: November 30, 2014 12:30 (IST)

Frances Groundhog DaySeptember 21, 2014 6:37 pm
No laughs in Sarkozy’s Groundhog Day return
By Gaspard Koenig
The former president never had an authentic project for France, writes Gaspard Koenig
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b18ed74-419c-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sarkozys letter to the French peopleSeptember 19, 2014 6:10 pm
Sarkozy’s letter to the French people
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6bd8be42-4008-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt to go ahead with land swapping agreement with Bangladesh to solve infiltration problem: ModiWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 1, 2014 12:06 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 10:28 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday announced that his government would not compromise on national security and utilise land transfer agreement with Bangladesh in a manner that it serves the long-term security interests of the state. It might seem to be an immediate loss to Assam, but the state would benefit in the long run, Modi, allaying apprehensions over the Indo-Bangla land swap deal, said.
“The government will utilise the India-Bangla land transfer agreement to seal all routes across the international border through which illegal Bangladeshi migrants have been entering Assam and creating havoc in the state,” he said.
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers here at the end of his two-day hectic trip to Assam, Modi also claimed that his government has been able to convert development into a national agenda prompting all other parties to push issues like caste, creed, religion and language to the back.
BJP workers attend the party rally in Guwahati on Sunday. (Express photo by DASARATH DEKA)
Asking the people of Assam to have faith in him, Modi said, “There will be no compromise on Assam’s security.” He also promised to fulfil the promises he had made to the people of Assam during Lok Sabha elections. “I know the sentiments of the people of Assam. We will always protect the interests of Assam and the country, he said. Modi however did not make any commitment on the Bangladeshi influx issue and carefully avoided recalling his announcemebt during the election campaign in April that Bangladeshi migrants would have to pack up afte May 16.
He however issued a stern warning to forces trying to harm the interests of Assam and the Northeast region and said that law would not spare them now. “Such forces should know that the government has changed in Delhi and the law will not spare them now,” he said. The development of the entire northeast region including Assam was a priority of his government, Modi added.
The Prime Minister also claimed that the BJP has compelled all other political parties to make development the prime issue instead of issues like caste, creed and region. “We have turned the issue of development into everybody’s agenda across the country,” he said. The country, Modi claimed, has seen performance and agenda of the government run by all others parties including the Congress, the Left parties, regional parties and coalitions and they have now seen the BJP-led government at the Centre.

Rajan s tryst with Tuesdays: Preferred day f...Inflation
(In the current fiscal beginning…)
NEW DELHI: It may be sheer coincidence that all monetary policy reviews by RBI Governor Raghuram Govind Rajan this fiscal have taken place on Tuesdays and this would be the case for the upcoming review this week as well.
In the current fiscal beginning April 1, 2014, Rajan has undertaken four monetary policy reviews so far and the fifth would take place on December 2, with all these five being on Tuesdays.
The former chief economist of IMF, who took over as RBI Governor on September 4, 2013, came out with four policy reviews during the previous fiscal as well and two of them took place again on Tuesdays. The other two reviews by Rajan were on Wednesday and Friday last fiscal.
As a result, six out of eight monetary policies announced by him during his entire tenure so far have been on Tuesdays.
The ninth review, scheduled for this week, takes place on a Tuesday where RBI is widely expected to keep the benchmark rate unchanged.
Incidentally, Rajan has maintained the benchmark interest rate in all four reviews so far in the current fiscal citing high inflation, even as there has been a growing clamour for rate cuts by industry, the government and economists among others.
Surprising the industry and analysts completely, the RBI Governor in his first policy review in September last year raised the short-term policy (repo) rate by 0.25 per cent to 7.5 per cent to keep "worrisome" inflation under check.
His fight against stubborn inflation gained pace the following month as well when he again hiked the repo rate by a quarter of a percentage point to 7.75 per cent.
Rajan put a pause on rate hike on December 18, 2013 but said the RBI will hike interest rates if inflation does not subside in line with the expected declining trend.
Not happy with the inflation trend, RBI did hike repo rate by 0.25 per cent the very next month that is in January 29, 2014 by 0.25 per cent to 8 per cent. Since then, the central bank has left its benchamark rate unchanged despite pressure from all quarters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

One passenger killed  15 injured as tempo rams into truckThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Auto Industry Pitches for Continuation of Excise Duty ReliefYou are here: Home Industries
Auto Industry Pitches for Continuation of Excise Duty Relief
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 30, 2014 15:50 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
New Delhi: Carmakers have asked the government to extend relief on excise duty that ends on December 31, saying removal of this incentive could push the industry into a negative territory.
The government had cut excise duty on cars, SUVs and two-wheelers in the Interim Budget in February to help the industry tide over a demand slump.
In June, the new government extended the excise duty concession for automobiles by six months to December 31.
"I had welcomed the government's move when they had announced to maintain the reduction in excise duty six month's back and I think the government should continue to do so going forward as well," Renault India country CEO and managing director Sumit Sawhney told PTI.
Maruti Suzuki chairman R C Bhargava said, "At this point, if the excise duty goes up, it could easily push the car industry into the negative territory."
He expressed the hope that government will continue excise relief and said it is very conscious of the need to expand manufacturing and that the car industry has not been performing as good as it was hoped for.
Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) director general Vishnu Mathur said the continuation of the excise duty relief would help the industry recover fully.
"We are requesting the government to continue the excise duty reduction as the industry has not fully recovered. Continuation of excise duty relief will help the recovery of the industry," he said.
Car sales in India fell 2.55 per cent in October as purchases remained subdued during the festival season, marking the second consecutive month of decline. In September, car sales had declined 1.03 per cent, after posting four months of consecutive growth.
Excise duty on small cars, scooters, motorcycles and commercial vehicles currently stands at 8 per cent from 12 per cent previously. The factory gate duty on SUVs stands at the reduced rate of 24 per cent as against 30 per cent.
The duty on large cars stands at 24 per cent compared with 27 per cent earlier, while the duty on mid-sized cars stands at 20 per cent from 24 per cent.
Mr Sawhney said that the government should take a long-term view and look at further reducing the excise duty.
"Taking a long term view the government has to have a unified excise duty structure and look forward to a further reduction in the excise duty, which is a long pending demand from all the manufacturers," he said.
Story first published on: November 30, 2014 14:50 (IST)

Commodity Market Regulator Plans to Introduce Call AuctionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Electricity Regulator Gives More Time to Financial Tech for IEX Stake SaleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

2 killed as thousands protest Hosni Mubarak verdict in EgyptThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

J&K polls: NC complains to EC against Narendra Modi for defamatory speechesPosted: November 30, 2014 6:06 pm
 
National Conference on Sunday filed a complaint with the Election Commission (EC) against Prime Minister Narendra Modi for making “wild, unsubstantiated and defamatory accusations” against the party leadership during his recent speeches in election rallies in the state .
In a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner, National Conference spokesman Junaid Azim Mattu has quoted examples of the alleged defamatory nature made by the Prime Minister in his rallies in Jammu.
Mattu said this not only violated the Model Code of Conduct but was also in contravention to all laws that are in place to protect a citizen’s rights.
“I, the on behalf of J&K National Conference, would like to draw your attention to successive violations of the Model Code of Conduct by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his recent speeches in Jammu and Kashmir,” the letter said.
It said the Prime Minister has repeatedly, more recently in his speeches in Udhampur and Poonch, named the leadership of National Conference “while raising wild, unsubstantiated allegations against them. This, while a clear act of defamation, is also a violation of the Model Code of Conduct.”
“We request you to take immediate cognisance of these violations and take the necessary action mandated under the relevant statutes of the law and treat this as our formal complaint…,” the letter said.
In a veiled dig at coalition governments of NC-Congress and PDP-Congress, the Prime Minister had said in Udhampur, “Those who have been rejected by the people of Jammu and Kashmir, take benefit and change coalition partners to remain in power and loot as much as they want by turns.”
The NC had on Saturday filed a complaint against BJP and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh for violating the poll code by using the Srinagar airport premises to telephonically address a public meeting in Pahalgam in south Kashmir.
Singh, who was scheduled to address a few rallies in north and south Kashmir, could not reach the venues because of bad weather and addressed the people via telephone.

Tackling malnourishment  migration in tribal belt two main challenges before govt  says CM DevendraFadnavisWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:06 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 6:08 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has urged the administration to ensure strict enforcement of the employment guarantee scheme in the tribal belt of Melghat to facilitate livelihood for villagers who are reeling in abject poverty. Fadnavis indicated, “The biggest challenge was to bring the employment to their doorsteps.”
The two challenges before the state government was to address the problems of malnourishment and migration. And Fadnavis indicated
that tribals cannot be dismissed as mere labourers. The administration will evolve policy for their overall development and growth in their own region.
During his visit to the Malur (Forest) in Melghat (Amravati), Fadnavis took a rollcall to ascertain the names of workers listed by the forest department were true or false. And also ensured that those who turned up were actually paid Rs 168 per day.
“Is Kadu Suma Dhurve here?” Fadnavis called out much to the surprise of the village woman. “Yes, I am here,” she quipped. Sanju Mavaskar, Ram Kali, Soni Kasbekar, Shruti Ghodekar, Ganu Mavaskar.. thus ran the long list of workers who reported to work.
Fadnavis said, “The purpose of the visit to the tribal belt of Melghat was to personally review the ongoing multiple projects in areas of employment of tribals, functioning of primary health centres, problems related to malnourishment, schools and access to roads.”
While acknowledging that there are many many miles to go to address the problems in the region, Fadnavis indicated, “The government will focus on inclusive development of the region.” Melghat has often hit the headlines for death of children due to malnourishment.
The government also admits, “Lack of nourishment coupled with sustained earning that often lead to migration was a cause of serious
concern. The challenge was to bring the employment to their door steps.”
Fadnavis said, “The malnourishment and migration are issues which will have to be addressed. We will have to promote the schemes
undertaken by various departments that rope the services of the villagers to sustain their livelihood.”
In a clear departure from the past, Fadnavis did not restrict his two day visit to interactions or brainstorming with the officials. Instead, he  interacted with the tribals personally by visiting their hamlets to verify the progress of the schemes.”
“What do you do if anybody falls sick in the village?” He asked. The villagers replied, we visit nearby “arogya kendra” primary health centre located in the vicinity.
A similar enquiry on schools in the village revealed that teachers were irregular. The villagers also complained about the poor road connecting their village.
The chief minister admitted, “There cannot be any excuse for the poor quality work on roads. When the government is providing funds it is expected the who ever has got the contract delivers the results. And if there are shortcomings the authority in the district should not hesitate to take action.”

Virat Kohli  Ravi Shastri  Duncan Fletcher to attend Phillip HughesfuneralBy: Press Trust of India | Adelaide |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:49 pm
Stand-in skipper of the Indian team Virat Kohli will attend the funeral of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes on Wednesday.
He will be joined by team director Ravi Shastri, coach Duncan Fletcher and team manager Arshad Ayub.
Three or four other Indian players are expected to join them and a final decision will be made once the team reaches Brisbane on Monday.
The funeral will be held on Wednesday, December 3, in Hughes’ hometown of Macksville.
The left-handed batsman died on Thursday after being hit by a bouncer in a Sheffield Shield game two days prior, sparking an outburst of emotion throughout the country.
India’s two-day tour match against Cricket Australia Invitational XI at Adelaide Oval this past weekend was cancelled as a result.
The team continued to stay over in the city till Sunday holding regular practice sessions in preparation for the Test series.
Sunday would have been the late cricketer’s 26th birthday and as such the solemn mood continued to be observed by one and all.
Australian skipper Michael Clarke wrote a special tribute  to his former team-mate.
Cricket Australia too edited the score-card from that Sheffield Shield game between New South Wales and South Australia, changing Hughes’ status from ‘retired hurt’ to ’63 not out’.
The Australian governing body has been full of praise for the understanding and patience the BCCI and the visiting team have shown in this sad circumstance.
Attending the funeral is another step for the Indian contingent to show solidarity to their hosts at such tragic time.
They had earlier practised away from the Adelaide Oval on Friday as a mark of respect, holding a closed net session, wearing black arm-bands.
On Saturday, before practice, Kohli had ‘put out’ one of his bats as well as his India cap outside the Adelaide Oval, paying tribute to the late cricketer.
However, the uncertainty over the first Test continues .
It was learnt that Cricket Australia had first sought a one-day postponement to the Test because their players wouldn’t have been ready to play on Thursday.
The Indian team was informed of this and they did not make any changes to its planned departure for Brisbane.
Later yesterday evening, the visiting contingent was also made aware of the possibility of the complete cancellation of the Test match, but subject to playing the game at a later date.
It seemed a proper notion given that there is quite a gap between the second Test at Adelaide that supposedly ends on December 16 and the third Test at Melbourne that is scheduled to begin on December 26, continued…

Deodhar Trophy 2014: Manoj Tiwary sizzles in East Zones bigwinBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 5:35 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:22 pm
Skipper Manoj Tiwary continued his blazing form in domestic competitions with a magnificent 151 that powered East Zone to a comfortable 52-run win over North in the Deodhar Trophy semi-final in Mumbai on Sunday.
Courtesy Manoj’s career-best one day knock that came off only 121 balls, East scored 273 for eight in 50 overs.  In reply, North were never in contention as a disciplined bowling effort saw them get all out for 221 in 47.1 overs.
Fittingly, it was the East Zone captain who winded up the innings with the wicket of Sandeep Sharma. Senior Bengal off-spinner Saurashis Lahiri (3/41) bowled brilliantly with able support from Biplab Samantray (2/51), Ashok Dinda (2/59) and Shahbaz Nadeem (1/34).
However the day belonged to Manoj, who certainly staked a strong claim to be included in the 30-member preliminary squad for the World Cup as well as a berth in the team for the tri-series Down Under.
In the past one month, Manoj has scored a century each in Duleep Trophy (vs West Zone), Vijay Hazare Trophy (130 vs Vidarbha)and now Deodhar Trophy (151 vs North Zone).
Sunday’s innings had 15 boundaries and four sixes. As usual, he was pretty severe on spinners, especially India discard Amit Mishra (1/60 in 9 overs) who was taken to task. Even Rishi Dhawan (2/53) and Sandeep Sharma (2/490, who were economical in the beginning were treated with disdain during the death overs.
North Zone captain Harbhajan Singh, didn’t take part in the match due to viral fever and throat infection.
Such was Manoj’s dominance, the next-best score in the East innings was 43 off 61 balls from glovesman Shreevats Goswami, who helped his captain in steadying the innings after a shaky start.
Chasing the stiff target North began poorly to be 29 for 3 before being shot out for 221 in 47.1 overs to leave East comfortable winners. Gurkeerat Singh Mann (83) was the highest scorer for the losers.
In the morning, Manoj showed plenty of fortitude and determination to pull his side out of the woods after they were put in to bat by North on a track offering assistance to the bowlers early on.

Zurich (reuters) - swiss voters looked set on sunday to clearly reject...Platinum Member
60 Followers
ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss voters looked set on Sunday to clearly reject proposals that would have forced the central bank to buy up massive amounts of gold and imposed strict limits on immigration, threatening close economic ties to the European Union.  Switzerland`s system of direct democracy gives citizens the right to force popular votes if they can gather enough signatures of support. The measures proposed on Sunday reflect a growing sense that traditional Swiss values are under threat.  The "Save our Swiss gold" initiative, proposed by the right-wing Swiss People`s Party out of concern that the central bank has sold too much of its gold in the past, looked set to be rejected by 78 percent of voters, according to an initial projection of the voting trend from Swiss broadcaster SRF. "The issue`s off the table," Claude Longchamp of the gfs.bern research and polling institute told SRF television.  The measure would have compelled the Swiss National Bank (SNB) to boost its gold reserves to 20 percent from around 8 percent currently, complicating policy at a time when the central bank is trying to defend a 1.20 euro cap on the Swiss franc imposed at the height of the euro crisis.  Seventy-four percent of voters were set to reject a separate initiative that aimed to cut annual immigration by three-quarters from current levels in order to reduce the strain on Switzerland`s pristine natural environment, the SRF projection showed.  The would have endangered the Swiss government`s attempts to salvage a raft of treaties with the EU, its biggest trading partner, that are conditional on Switzerland`s commitment to the free movement of labor.  A third referendum aimed at scrapping a tax perk for wealthy foreigners was also set to be defeated.
6.29 PM Nov 30th

We would 40 in the coming week.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hold for tgt 250 or sl 280Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The crude is hovering around $70 per barrel. the gold is down to rs 25...Platinum Member
391 Followers
The crude is hovering around $70 per barrel. The gold is down to Rs 25700 for 10 grams but Rupee is around 62 level. It is not appreciating and they say it is because of dollar strengthening.  Does it mean the CAD and our growth will have no effect on Re-$ exchange rate. Can some one comment on it.
6.24 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Indians invest $ 5.8 b in U.S. residential properties in2013-14Updated: November 28, 2014 23:07 IST
Indians invest $ 5.8 b in U.S. residential properties in 2013-14
Ramnath Subbu
Tweet
AP
Indians bought residential properties in the U.S. estimated at $5.8 billion in value terms for the year ending March 31, 2014. File photo
TOPICS
real estate
Indians spent an average of $459,028 (Rs.2.81 crore) to buy properties across cities like Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Chicago, Dallas and New York.
Indians bought residential properties in the U.S. estimated at $5.8 billion in value terms for the year ending March 31, 2014.
A report by the U.S. National Association of Realtors (NRA), released in October, said the investment magnitude represented a growth of about 6 per cent over the previous year.
The report further said that Indians spent an average of $459,028 (Rs.2.81 crore) to buy properties across cities like Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Chicago, Dallas and New York.
“This is definitely an interesting finding. Indian high net worth individuals (HNIs), who have obtained American citizenship and are settled there, have several reasons for investing in properties in the U.S.,’’ Anuj Puri, Chairman & Country Head, JLL India, a leading real estate consultancy said. “Many Indians who have become naturalised U.S. citizens have business interests as well as families in major American cities.’’
Investment in the U.S. property market is once again favourable. After the steep post-Lehman downturn, countless investors had been able to snap up properties in American cities at unbelievably low prices, and these investments are seeing handsome returns now that the U.S. real estate market is reviving.
For resident Indians, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had earlier curtailed flight of Indian money by capping remittances and rendering investment into foreign properties impossible. “It was only recently that the annual investment ceiling for individuals to buy overseas property under the Liberalised Remittances Scheme (LRS) was increased from $75,000 to $125,000. It had been at $200,000 before being reduced to $75,000 and subsequently being hiked to $125,000. Buyers need to be allowed to commit more,’’ Mr. Puri told this correspondent.
The annual limit of $125,000, equivalent to Rs.75 lakh, broadly means that if an Indian resident wants to buy a house in the U.S. worth $ 460,000 (the average ticket size of apartments bought by Indians in the U.S. as per the NAR report), he can do so in three or four instalments with a gap of one year between every two instalments,’’ Mr. Puri said.
“There is no doubt a lot of interest in the Indian community to buy property in the U.S. but the RBI restrictions are not conducive to larger investments. There is a hope that the limit may be increased from the current levels in future,’’ he said.

Cut your own Christmas tree and make a day of itBy Margaret Ely November 28 Follow @mcely
Heading out to the country to cut down your own Christmas tree? Well, don’t race right back. Make a day of it, checking out restaurants and activities near your chosen tree farm. Here are three itineraries to get you started.
(Note: Be sure to call ahead as tree-farm hours can vary according to weather and availability.)
Christmas trees. (Robert M. Wojcieszak/AP)
TRIP 1
Head to Day Star Farm in Leesburg, which has cut-your-own trees and free hot chocolate and candy canes. Or head a little farther northwest to Lowelands Farm for cut-your-own trees, wreaths, garlands, mulled cider and hayrides. Make sure to save room for a slice of pie from Mom’s Apple Pie Bakery up the road. With full tummies and a tree on the car roof, get some holiday shopping done at Leesburg Corner Premium Outlets or, farther north, the Old Lucketts Store. Rather shop before getting a tree? Just reverse the route.
Day Star Farm, 41374 Reservoir Rd., Leesburg. 703-327-6269. www.daystarfarm.net . Hours: Nov. 29 and Dec. 6, 9 a.m.-5 p.m.; Nov. 30 and Dec. 7, noon-5 p.m. Other days by appointment. Prices vary, up to $60.
Lowelands Farm, 21344 Steptoe Hill Rd., Middleburg. 540-687-6923. www.lowelandsfarm.com . Hours: Nov. 28-30, Dec. 6-7, 13-14. 9 a.m.-5 p.m. through Dec. 14. Prices vary by size and variety.
Leesburg Corner Premium Outlets, 241 Fort Evans Rd. NE, Leesburg. 703-737-3071. www.premiumoutlets.com/leesburg . Hours: Sunday 10 a.m.-7 p.m., Monday-Saturday, 9 a.m.-9 p.m.
Mom’s Apple Pie Bakery, 220 Loudoun St. SE, Leesburg. 703-771-8590. www.momsapplepieco.com . Hours: Monday-Friday 7:30 a.m.-6:30 p.m., Saturday 8 a.m.-6 p.m., Sunday 8 a.m.-5 p.m.
The Old Lucketts Store, 42350 Lucketts Rd., Leesburg. 703-779-0268. www.luckettstore.com . Hours: Daily 10 a.m.-5 p.m.
The Lucketts Store. (Michelle Vantine/Lucketts Store)
TRIP 2
Start this venture with ice-skating at Reston Ice Skating Pavilion , where there’s a Cartoon Skate (think Scooby-Doo, Cat in the Hat and more) for families on Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. After that, you will have surely worked up an appetite, so grab lunch at Jackson’s Mighty Fine Food & Lucky Lounge. The restaurant has standard pub fare (dips, burgers and more) with more appeal than the nearby mall options. Finally, visit Krop’s Crops to cut your own white pine, Scotch pine, Norway spruce or blue spruce. You also can pick up a pre-cut tree, wreaths, holiday decorations and poinsettias.
Reston Ice Skating Pavilion, 1818 Discovery St., Reston. 703-709-6300. www.restontowncenter.com . Hours: Sunday-Tuesday 11 a.m.-7 p.m., Wednesday-Thursday 11 a.m.-10 p.m. and Friday-Saturday 11 a.m.-11 p.m. $10 adults (12 and older), $9 children (11 and younger), $9 senior citizens (55 and older). Skate rentals $5.
Jackson’s Mighty Fine Food & Lucky Lounge, 11927 Democracy Dr., Reston. 703-437-0800. www.greatamericanrestaurants.com/jacksons. Hours: Sunday-Thursday 11 a.m.-11 p.m., Friday-Saturday 11 a.m.-midnight.
Krop’s Crops, 11110 Georgetown Pike, Great Falls. 703-430-8955. www.kropscrops.com . Hours: Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-6 p.m., Saturday-Sunday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. through Dec. 23 (cut-your-own is limited to Saturday-Sunday 10 a.m.-dusk). Prices vary by size and variety.
TRIP 3
Take a drive to Germantown and Butler’s Orchard to cut your own white pine or Douglas fir. (There also are pre-cut trees at the orchard’s farmers market.) Roping, stands, hot cider, hot chocolate and wreaths also are available. When the sun begins to set, head for Seneca Creek State Park to take in the Gaithersburg Winter Lights Festival. The 3.5 mile drive features 380 illuminated vignettes and animated displays. Proceeds from the festival benefit local charities, too.
Butler’s Orchard, 22200 Davis Mill Rd., Germantown. 301-972-3299. 301-428-0444. www.butlersorchard.com . Hours: Tuesday-Sunday 9:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. through Dec. 23 (Christmas Eve 9:30 a.m.-4 p.m.). White pine, $45.95, Douglas fir, $54.
Winter Lights Festival at Seneca Creek State Park, 11950 Clopper Rd., Gaithersburg. 301-258-6350. www.gaithersburgmd.gov . Hours: Sunday-Thursday 6-9 p.m., Friday-Saturday 6-10 p.m. through Dec. 31 (closed Christmas). $12 per car Monday-Thursday, $15 per car Friday-Sunday.
RELATED

Twitter Now Tracks What Other Apps You Have On Your PhoneTwitter Now Tracks What Other Apps You Have On Your Phone
Posted:
Updated:
11/27/2014  8:59 am EST
The Twitter Inc. application and logo are displayed on an Apple Inc. iPhone 5s and iPad Air in this arranged photograph in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Friday, April 25, 2014. Twitter Inc. is expected to release earnings figures on April 29. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Twitter said it is now tracking what other apps its users have installed on their mobile devices so it can target content and ads to them better.
Twitter Inc. said Wednesday that users will receive a notification when the setting is turned on and can opt out using settings on their phones. On iPhones, this setting is called "limit ad tracking." On Android phones, it's "opt out of interest-based ads."
San Francisco-based Twitter said it is only collecting the list of apps that users have installed, not any data within the apps. It won't collect the app lists from people who have previously turned off ad targeting on their phones.
Besides advertising, Twitter said knowing what apps people have downloaded can improve its suggestions on what accounts to follow and add relevant content to their feeds that isn't advertising.
A recent Pew Research Center poll found that people sometimes have conflicting views on privacy. About 80 percent of Americans who use social networking sites are concerned about third parties, such as advertisers, accessing data that they share on the sites, according to the poll. At the same time, most are willing to share some information about themselves in exchange for using such services for free.
__
Online, how to opt out: http://bit.ly/11V3yJq
More:

Wall Street Week Ahead: As Energy Shares Tumble  Opportunity LurksFund Mop-up by Private Companies From Debt Placement Rises 36%
Shale stocks have been hard-hit as investors see margins all but evaporating following the slide in crude oil prices, but the US shale energy boom is not over.
An index of oil and gas exploration and production tumbled 8.15 per cent on Friday as US crude fell almost 10 per cent to around $66.36 per barrel to hit its lowest in 4-1/2 years.
The slide came the day after oil cartel OPEC decided not to cut output in a meeting in Vienna. Prior to the decision, Saudi officials were reported as saying the kingdom, with its large currency reserves, was prepared to withstand oil prices as low as $70-$80 per barrel for up to a year.
But the weaker shale players may not have that long.
"We do not know if OPEC has ulterior motives to let oil prices drift lower and pinch the global (exploration and production) sector, or if reaching a consensus on cuts was just too challenging," wrote Wells Fargo Securities in a Friday client note. "What is clear is that lower cash flows are highly likely to translate into lower E&P spending."
US crude prices were catching up to Thursday's action in Brent as markets across the United States were closed for the Thanksgiving holiday. Friday's was a half-day session.
"We'll wait to see the trend next week when there's full market volume, however it's clear that as oil prices come down there will be pressure for the weaker of the companies in the sector, particularly exploration and the ones that are highly indebted," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
The overall energy sector of the S&P 500 fell 6.3 per cent on Friday, adding to its year-to-date losses, now at 10.3 per cent.
Fourteen of the sector's more than 40 stocks are within 2 per cent of a 52-week low and the sector's weighting on the S&P 500 has dropped to single digits, closing below 8 per cent after Friday's shellacking, according to Reuters data.
Nearly 90 per cent of the sector's shares are trading below their 100-day moving average.
However, the sharp declines also create an opportunity.
"We recently moved from an underweight to a neutral weight rating in energy, so directionally we agree with the idea that this weakness is a buying opportunity, but it is very hard to tell where the bottom is," said Tony Roth, chief investment officer at Wilmington Trust in Wilmington, Delaware.
"Crude seems to have no floor right now, and we could easily see the price drop into the low $60s."
With the big stock price drops, others see a run to consolidation. The sector subindex is down 12 per cent in 2014, with year-to-date losses of more than 20 per cent in seven companies.
"I think we'll see some healthy consolidation take place," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
"Some may wither on the vine, but technology has improved to make it profitable to extract at a lower price point than last year. As a result, we'll probably see some opportunistic buying."
Jacobsen and Krosby said the slide in oil prices and the sector's shares does not mean the boom in the energy sector in the United States is ending, but will likely enter a new stage of development.
"The renaissance isn't over," said Jacobsen. "It's just maturing."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 13:39 (IST)

Living in Mumbai See How Many Years It Would Take to Buy a PropertyYou are here: Home Industries
Living in Mumbai? See How Many Years It Would Take to Buy a Property
NDTV | Written By: Devika Singh | Updated On: November 29, 2014 16:19 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
Mumbai is the costliest city in the country to buy a property. Now, a report has quantified how tough it is to buy a home in the country's financial capital.
According to a report by personal finance portal Arthyantra, property prices in Mumbai have gone up by as much as 50 per cent over the last three years. That means it will take a mid-income professional (with a salary of Rs 8 lakh) 13 years to accumulate enough money for paying the down payment for buying a property in Mumbai, the report says.
Down payment is the margin money for a loan and for home loans it varies from 15-20 per cent of the property price. To calculate the time required to accumulate the down payment, Arthayantra assumed a savings rate of 25 per cent of income and salary hike of 10 per cent per year.
According to the report, Mumbai remains the city with the highest residential real estate prices followed by Delhi. It estimates average property price of 1000 sq feet in Mumbai to be about Rs 1.6 crore, while in Delhi to be Rs. 1.1 crore.
According to Arthayantra, those who earn less than Rs 25 lakh per annum should not buy a property in Mumbai.
The report termed 'Buy vs Rent' also analysed real estate markets across eight major Indian cities on parameters like price of residential properties, rental value and years required to accumulate the corpus for down payment.
Here are the findings (based on annual income of Rs 8 lakh):
1. It would take 10 years to accumulate enough money to fund the down payment on a property in Delhi and the National Capital Region. Like in Mumbai, those with incomes of less than Rs 25 lakh should rent a property.
2. It would take a person 6.5 years to save for down payment in Chennai. Those with income of Rs 20 lakh or above should buy a property in the city.
3. Time for accumulating down payment is just 5.8 years in Bengaluru. Those with income of more than 15 lakh per annum can buy a property in the city.
4. It would take 5.6 years to save for down payment in Pune.
5. In Kolkata, those earning Rs 12 lakh per annum can buy a home. It would take just 4.8 years to save for down payment here.
As per the report, average property price for 1000 sq feet in Kolkata is Rs. 49.9 lakh, in Pune Rs 59.4 lakh and in Chennai Rs 69.5 lakh.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 15:31 (IST)

Managing Your Finances in RetirementYour ATM Usage Pattern Need Not Hurt Your Pocket
Retirement is a time to relax and a time to relish a life well lived. Financial travails should not come in the way of experiencing this important stage in life. The monetary state of affairs will undoubtedly undergo a change overnight due to the loss of full-time job. Retirement budget planning is therefore very important as this is a period where you face maximum expenses, minimum income and weakening health.
1. Budget Planning
There is no right and wrong time for budget planning. The earlier the better, as then one can adequately plan for the changes in financial affairs post-retirement. A proper budget plan would help in knowing the quantum of money that is required to live a decent life and making the necessary investment choices in light of the ground realities.
A budget plan would consist of the following:
Daily expenses: Some percentage of the savings should be kept aside for everyday expenses like grocery items and utility bills. Interest earning from FDs, earnings form pension plans etc. can be utilized for this. Parking some money in liquid assets like gold is also a good idea.
Bracing for emergencies: You might come across a lot of unexpected expenses in retirement period. It is important to set aside a sum equivalent to at least six months of expenses to take care of medical emergencies and other unforeseen happenings.
Watch Spending: An awareness of the spending behavior and patterns is probably the wisest option to save for a rainy day, as any follies in this regard would necessarily have to be followed with remedial action.
2. Income post retirement:
Working post retirement: Nothing prevents a pensioner from taking up a job, or part-time assignment if you are healthy and fit. While re-joining the workforce may appear contrary to the goal of a relaxed retired life, it is not only among the most effective income-boosters, but can also lead to an active retired life.
Income plans: Opt out for all possible income generation- be it the interest from your FDs, pension plans, renting out a portion of your house or second home, accommodating students as paying guests if you are alone, or any other, because it is always advisable not to let your savings be eaten way and to stay equipped for any unforeseen situations.
3. Taking care of investments
Smart investments are a much-needed route to security in old age to turn your retired life into a smooth affair.
Keep a watch on the following:
Protect Capital: It is of utmost importance for senior citizens to preserve their life-long savings. Safe and fixed return investment is the way to go, and avoid aggressive investment investments such as equities.
Ensure Liquidity: Senior citizens have to rely on their accumulated savings post-retirement, in the absence of a monthly salary. To cater to unforeseen emergencies, they should opt for investment products that are easily convertible into cash.
Below are some senior friendly investment options available:
Senior Citizens Savings Scheme (SCSS): SCSS is offered by many as well as the postal department. It is open for seniors aged 60 and above. The scheme has a stipulated period of 5 years and carries an interest rate of around 9 per cent.
Fixed Deposits (FD) for senior citizens: Fixed deposit schemes specifically for senior citizens are offered by banks such as Punjab National Bank, Yes Bank and KarurVysya Bank, as also companies such as HDFC Ltd, LIC Housing Finance and Mahindra Finance. If you are opting for company deposits, make it with AAA rated ones, which are the safest.
Monthly Income Plans (MIP): These market-linked MIPs are offered by mutual fund houses such as Birla Sunlife, HDFC and Franklin Templeton. These schemes provide higher rate of returns compared to pure debt instruments such as FDs and post office schemes as they invest 15-20 per cent of their assets in equities.
Post Office Monthly Income Schemes: The post office's POMIS scheme assures a monthly income, with interest earnings of 8 per cent and a bonus of 10 per cent at the end of 6-year tenure.
Post Office Time Deposit (POTD): POTDs are deposit schemes offered by post offices and are similar to bank fixed deposits, except for the lower interest rates. The maturity period ranges from 1 year to 5 years and the interest ratesvary from 6.25 to 7 per cent, compounded on a quarterly basis.
4. Insurance
Health insurance is a necessity for our times, given the increase in life expectancy and the consequent rise in medical expenses. Many insurance schemes are tailor-made for senior citizens, such as the following:
VarishtaBima from National Insurance: This plan has a maximum entry age of 70 and an uppermost limit of Rs.1 lakh towards hospitalization cover. It covers existing ailments such as diabetes and high blood pressure at an additional cost of 10 per cent each.
Heart Beat from Max Bupa: This plan is open for people aged 70. Among the positives, this plan does not impose sub-limits on ICU expenses and there is no waiting period for an accident cover.
Red Carpet from Star Health: The plan has a maximum entry age of 74 and there are no tortuous medical tests unlike the other plans.
5. Met with emergencies? The property pays for the owner!
A reverse mortgage loan would provide the much-needed money to expenses like home renovation, medical expenses, travelling abroad, children's marriage etc.
Reverse mortgages are being offered by most banks in India. A senior citizen who owns a property, but lacks a regular source of income, can mortgage the property (self-owned) with a bank and get regular payment and more importantly reside in the same place throughout his life. On the death of the borrowers, the legal heirs can repay the dues to the lender and regain ownership of the property, or the lender can sell it and pay the difference to the heirs.
Detailed planning and a proper road-map can turn retirement years into a golden period of one's lives.
BankBazaar.com is an online loan marketplace.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by BankBazaar.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 18:36 (IST)

Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations: Arun JaitleyTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Accusing Congress of following an obstructionist approach, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was committed to going ahead with reforms measures to take India back to original potential of 8 per cent economic growth.
Outlining the government’s priorities like introduction of GST (Goods and Services Tax) in the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament, changes in the land acquisition law, auction of non-coal minerals and elimination of non-deserving sections from subsidy net, he said the key economic portfolios were being handled by people who have no baggage of the past.
“Now all these changes have certainly changed the environment, changed the mood. India is back on the radar. I am quite conscious of the fact some people will try and obstruct though the national mood is to the contrary. The obstructions won’t be able to sustain for too long”, he said addressing the ET Awards function here.
“And once we are able to pursue that agenda, and I think with changing systems and all other institutions also realising that the sectors in which India needs to be helped can be helped by these measures. I am sure the effect on the ground and the change in figures will also be evident”, he said.
Seeking a shared vision among all stake holders like government, opposition, judiciary and legislature, Jaitley criticised the Congress approach saying “it seems to be that the party is saying now that I am out, let me obstruct. Since I am not in government, it is not my responsibility. So I will obstruct.”
He also charged the Congress party with having an obsolete mindset that led to enactment of a measure like the ‘draconian’ land acquisition law under which it was not possible to build a private school, hospital or hotel.
The Finance Minister said Modi has put young people in charge of key economic ministries because they do not carry the baggage of the past and will have a fresh thinking and the ability to learn fast.
He said the government is working on the e-auction route for allocation of non-coal minerals like iron ore to remove discretionary allotments.
“Nobody today claims that I went to a minister and had to make non-commercial commitments for approvals. Gone are the days of a person being sent to party office with a slip,” he said apparently referring to approvals being given after donations to parties.
Reiterating his opposition to subsidising affluent classes, he said people pay taxes not for subsidising the rich. “We have to look at how to eliminate (undeserving) people from the subsidy net. An unquantified amount cannot be given to a unquantifiable sections.”
Referring to the government’s decision not to levy taxes retrospectively, Jaitley said, taxes which must be paid must be realised but what cannot be realised cannot be taken forcefully.
Such an approach, he said, did not bring even one rupee more to the kitty but got a bad name for the country.
Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations: Arun Jaitley
The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues … I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given a draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Jaitley said, “Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay.”
The country, Jaitley said, has moved away from state- regulated mechanism to a mechanism where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in sectors concerned .
“We need to learn, not only from the best practices in India, but from the best global practices. And the Commission’s report is an extremely important step in that direction. Under the present circumstances, there are lots of changes which are required,” he said.
The recommendations of the FSLRC are divided into legislative and non-legislative aspects.
It has recommended a seven-agency structure for the financial sector — the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Unified Financial Agency (UFA),
Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Resolution Corporation (RC), Financial Redressal Agency (FRA), Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) and Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA).
TAGS: Arun Jaitley B N Srikrishna Goods And Services Tax Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

Blast from past: Raghuram Rajan changed views after becoming RBI guv  says B N SrikrishnaTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Hitting back at RBI Governor for his views on Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) recommendations, its Chairman B N Srikrishna today said Raghuram Rajan was once in favour of an appellate tribunal but changed his stance after moving to the central bank.
“In his 2009 report ‘A 100 Steps’, Dr Rajan wrote ‘regulatory action should be subject to appeal to the financial sector appellate tribunals’,” Srikrishna said while adding this report was a guiding light for the Commission.
The FSLRC had suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has recommended setting up a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT) that would hear all appeals against financial sector regulators.
It had also suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Rajan had earlier in June had criticised FSLRC recommendations as “somewhat schizophrenic”.
“On the one hand, it emphasises synergies in bringing together some regulators into one entity. But in the process it suggests breaking up other regulators, with attendant loss of synergies,” Rajan had said.
Noting that frictions are welcome and good for liberal democracy, Srikrishna said “reforms unsettles the powerful, hence it ruffles feathers, but it is necessary and must be done”.
Pitching for a change, he said: “Parts of our regulatory machinery have become brittle, fragile or worse completely irrelevant and utterly useless if not downright harmful to our own interest. It is this concern which motivated the proposed reforms,” he said, highlighting the need to change.
Calling for the need to move away from the reliance on “jugaad”, Srikrishna said, “we must reform in anticipation of future crisis, not only in response to past ones.”
He said our institutions need to be truly world class if we aspire for an exponential growth in our economy in the next 15-20 years.
TAGS: B N Srikrishna Raghuram Rajan Reserve Bank Of India Sebi
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

American Hostage Of Al Qaeda Says U.S. Made Him Pay For Flight HomeFormer Al Qaida Hostage Recounts Nightmare – Of Dealing With FBI
McClatchy DC
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations
Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent
Options
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
Facebook
Copyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HPMG News
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

The secret life of sexy womenBigg Boss 8
The secret life of sexy women
The results of the Women's Health Readers' Sex Survey 2014 are in. See how you stack up against the women who took it.
Women's Health –  Mon 24 Nov, 2014 11:41 AM IST
Print
undefined
For our sex special issue, we mapped the sexual preferences of the WHreader with an online poll that ran across our social media for a week. Over1,200 WH readers responded anonymously. We found a mix of startling stats (5.1%have had 12 or more sexual partners!) and progressive attitudes (63.88% usecondoms as a form of protection). Then we called in the experts to give ustheir take on the results. Plus, we pulled out research-backed info on how todo it bigger, better and safer.
-by Team WH
33.46% women hook up with people they barely know or don't know at all.
Expert take
One stat that took us by surprise: 12.08% expect to have sex after the firstdate! "Hooking up with random people gives women a sense of anonymity;they can assume whatever character they like without revealing their realselves. This gives them freedom to express themselves more without guilt,"says Anuja Kapur, Delhi-based psychologist.
A word of caution, though: "If you only have random encountersand not relationships, it is likely that there is some emotional discord inyour life or you have body-esteem issues." So look into thosebefore you leap into bed. "Having intercourse with many strangers couldlead to guilt. To get over it, you may end up with another stranger, creating acycle that could have negative effects on your psyche." Ask yourself ifit's a peer group thing. "You may not see the risks if all your friendshave multiple partners they don't know," says Kapur.
Have used a vibrator - 20.21%
(You love…) Experimentation
40.72% do it doggie style
Expert take
In response to how diverse the sexual repertoire was, 71.80% had tried oralsex, while 18.25% said they'd indulged in some form of bondage (BDSM's gonemainstream with Fifty Shades of Grey). "The book has helped manyarticulate what they merely thought about," says VarkhaChulani, clinical psychologist and WH columnist."Erotica has given women a chance to voice their desires without guilt orshame. Those who have needed that nudge have been propelled by it." Thereare also more channels to get the gyan from-channelsthat give us the woman's POV too (will we see men in the bunny costume?)."The Internet and erotica are exposing us to things we've neverexperienced before. Women see themselves as equal to men and are not afraid totake the reins. Expression of sexuality is not only important forrelationships, it also makes a woman feel empowered and in control," saysDelhi-based Dr Aditya Kapoor, member of the European Society of SexualMedicine.
Make It Better
Sit on a pillow on the edge of the bed and lie back, resting your head onanother pillow. With him kneeling down in front of you, place your feet on hisshoulders. Have him envelop your clitoris in his mouth and suck gently whilepenetrating your vagina with his fingers.
(You love…)  Self-Gratification
43.93% masturbate, when there's no guy around to give a hand.
Expert take
We asked what excited you most about sex. Amongst a range of choices thatincluded "his orgasm", "connecting with your partner" and"seeking new experiences", 49.44% said it was their own orgasm in asexual encounter. "The whole idea of a woman being a recipient and a manbeing the doer has gone out the window," says Kapoor. "Educated,financially independent women are taking the initiative and becoming moreassertive about their sexuality. Women are expecting and exploring more."But though women are conscious of individual needs, they don't seem preoccupiedby them: feeling connected with a partner, feeling loved and expressing loverate high- 40.91% feel that sex is not just a physical need but an emotionalone.
Make It Better:
Having trouble sleeping? Masturbation is a pressure release. A recent studypublished in the Journal of Neuro Quantologylisted four distinct types of female orgasms (clitoral, vaginal, blended ormultiple orgasms). You should try them all-starting tonight.
(You love…) Classic Sex (Sometimes)
26.40% women have foreplay with their partners for 5-15 minutes.
Expert take
Women are turning over a new (fig) leaf when it comes to trying new things,but the most popular sex position remains missionary (50.51% still like itbest). "The missionary position would likely be the most preferred, notbecause it's better but because it's the safe default. However, woman-on-topand rear-entry are probably much more pleasurable for the woman simply becausethey are both better at providing clitoral and vaginal stimulation, therebyenhancing the likelihood of orgasms, both single and multiple," says WHadvisor Dr Vijay Nagaswami, Chennai-basedpsychiatrist and psychotherapist. Then there's foreplay. "It's a keyaspect of the whole sexual experience," he adds. "It helps, not onlyin building a better emotional connect with the partner, but also in primingthe body better for the final sexual act. As important as foreplay is after-play,as it enhances the emotional connect. Certainly beats turning over and going tosleep!"
Make It Better:
Play a sexy game to up the foreplay ante-try Bumps and Grinds,a classic drinking-and-stripping board game. Or go to Adultsexygames.com forfree downloadable games.
(You love…) Risk-Taking
31.50% use the withdrawal method as means of contraception.
Expert take
Experts are concerned at the level of risk-taking. "The withdrawalmethod is the least effective method of birth control. Moreover, it is unsafeand pre-ejaculate can also get you pregnant-yes, it does contain baby gravy.The risk of infection and STDs is high especially if you have multiplepartners," says gynaecologist Dr Sadhana Kala, Moolchand Hospital, Delhi. "Since no method of birthcontrol is 100% safe, it's a good idea to use two methods: barrier (condom) andhormonal (like the Pill). (See the article 8 Ways to OutsmartSperm, p 54). Also, "In these days of sexually transmitted diseasesand hidden cam videos uploaded onto porn sites, I think some care exercised inpartner choice would be the prudent way to go. I mean when we spend so muchtime researching personal care products before using them, surely doing thesame when it comes to who we sleep with, isn't such a bad idea!" says Nagaswami.
Are You Serious? 18.78% claimed to have sex all the time
Expert Take
"All the time? When do they go groceryshopping then? Or earn the money they need to go grocery shopping?" asks Nagaswami. "When talking about sex, particularly undercover of the anonymity that a survey offers, people do tend to exaggeratewildly when it comes to sex and sexual prowess. In the past, it was the guyswho were given to bragging, but today's woman is evidently not too far behindin this department. I'd take this with a lot of salt." However, regularsex does have its benefits. A study at Wilkes University found that having sexonce or twice a week boosts your immune system.
10.30% never ever watch porn and think it's wrong!
Expert take
"Women who think porn is wrong have been brought up that way-theirupbringing dictates sex as a taboo subject. There is a whole stigma attached toporn because a lot of women think it's a man thing. All porn does is act as astimulus to get you in the mood for a sexual act," says Kapur. However, ifporn becomes your mainstay, it can be problematic. "Many people get theirsex education from porn today and tend to feel inadequate when they see pornstars going at it apparently for hours together," says Nagaswami."They don't always realise that porn stars areporn stars because they're abnormally endowed and therefore, tend to believethat they're not as good when it comes to either sexual equipment or prowess.While occasionally viewing porn can be educative and even heighten the sexualanticipation, particularly if the couple do it together, it tends to becomerepetitive and monotonous, and worse, addictive, after a while."
Reproduced From Women's Health. ©2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ:
1 - 4 of 50

US teen missing for four years found alive  hidden behind fake wallUS teen missing for four years found alive, hidden behind fake wall
Reuters
print
The home where the 13-year-old boy who reportedly has been missing for four years was found. (Reuters photo)
A 13-year-old boy who had been reported missing four years ago was discovered alive, hidden behind a fake wall of a home near Atlanta, Georgia, and reunited with his mother early on Saturday, police said.
Five people living in the home in Jonesboro, 17 miles (28 km) south of Atlanta, were taken into custody, among them the boy's father, Gregory Jean, 37, and an adult female, said Sergeant Kevin Hughes of the Clayton County police.
Jean and Samantha Joy Davis face charges of false imprisonment, cruelty to children and obstructing an officer, he said, adding that three juveniles also in the home were facing obstruction charges.
The boy's mother apparently had reported him missing to child welfare but not police, and no missing person's report was filed in Clayton County, Hughes said.
The teen was apparently able to get to a phone recently and contacted his mother with his whereabouts, authorities said.
Clayton County police went to the home on Friday to look for the 13-year-old but Jean and Davis said they had no information about the boy, Hughes said.
Several hours later, police came back and again searched the residence. While the police were in the home, the boy called his mother, who relayed to officers where her son was hidden in the house, Hughes said.
"They discovered him hidden behind a false wall in the interior portion of the home," he said.
The boy appeared to be in good physical health and was reunited with his mother, who had come to Georgia from out of state, Hughes said.
Neighbors in their quiet, well-kept Jonesboro neighborhood said the family moved in about six months ago and kept to themselves.
The 13-year-old boy always seemed to be home and did not appear to be enrolled in school, they said.
"We just thought that they liked to keep to themselves," said neighbour Julie Pizarro, 37, adding that the boy was often seen tending the yard.
"You can see the yard is immaculate," she said. "The boy kept it that way."
The teen went missing in 2010 while visiting his father in Florida, WSBTV reported.
Jean was being held in Clayton County jail and no bail has been set, online records show.
Authorities said Jean and Davis could face more criminal charges as the investigation unfolds.
It was unclear if they had obtained attorneys.

US keen for co-production  co-development in defence with IndiaBarack Obama
(Obama's visit in January, reflects…)
WASHINGTON: With India being one of the top priorities of the Obama Administration, the US is keen to explore co-production and co-development opportunities in defence with the rising Asian power and expand maritime security cooperation to further strengthen the strategic ties.
"We think there is a strong potential (in Indo-US defense ties). We want to translate that strong potential into action and reality. And that is desired on both sides," Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs Puneet Talwar said on the eve of his visit to New Delhi.
"The way you do that is coming to a closer understanding of the strategic picture. We see a natural convergence between India and the United States," he said.
Leading a high-powered inter-agency delegation, including officials from the State Department, Pentagon and the US Pacific Command, Talwar will travel to India from tomorrow to co-chair a political-military dialogue with senior officials from External Affairs and Defence ministries.
"We would be discussing, I hope, several topics of regional security in the Indo-Pacific region and we also want to get into discussion of defense trade as well," he said.
"What you have seen and what you will continue to see is that India is very high up on the agenda. We see a natural convergence between India and the US. We think it is really incumbent on us to try to explore this relationship and try to take as far as we possibly can because we see benefits not only for us, we see them also globally," he said.
"We think a strong India-US relationship would be good for peace, prosperity and security in the Indo-Pacific but also globally," he said in response to a question.
The talks will focus on regional and maritime security, defence trade, and new areas for strategic cooperation.
Referring to the significant increase in strategic and defense ties, he said defense trade relationship has now gone from virtually zero to $ 10 billion in less than a decade.
"It has grown significantly. We think defense cooperation can go much further and that's the signal we received from India. They would like to take it further and certainly we would like to as well," he said.
During his visit, Talwar will seek opportunities to further expand India-US security cooperation, including support for the Department of Defense's US-India Defence Trade and Technology Initiative.
"We want to talk about co-production and co-development opportunities. We have been working through the defense trade and technology initiatives on a number of potential projects where one could get into a very sophisticated kind of collaboration and co-operation," he added.
US aviation giant Boeing last week delivered the sixth P-8I maritime patrol aircraft to India, which is part of multi-billion dollar contract of eight aircraft.
  President Barack Obama's visit in January, Talwar said, reflects the high priority that his administration has placed on deepening and strengthening the partnership with India.
In India, Talwar will hold meetings with government officials in New Delhi, visit US-Indian joint ventures in the defense sector in Hyderabad, deliver remarks at the Institute for Defense Studies and Analyses, and hold a roundtable discussion with the US-India Business Council.
"We want to translate that, and try to narrow down into specific areas where we can have co-operation. Where we had discussions in the past and look forward to continuing them on the defense side in particular, are issues of co-production and co-development, as well as just understanding and explaining to India from our perspective and getting a better understanding of their perspective how defense procurement, defense trade and defense licensing systems work on both sides so that we can deepen our cooperation," Talwar said.
He would be accompanied by Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Kenneth Handelman, who is in-charge of the directorate of defense trade control.
"We hope that would be beneficial conversation. Of course part of the goal of defense trade and technology initiative was to address what you were talking about (relaxing export control norms for India), to be able to put on the table certain projects which we can pursue that would involve very sophisticated areas," Talwar said.
"That conversation we would like to take to deeper level. We think more can be done there. And so this whole area of technology transfer should be one that we talk about and the kinds of systems that we do to explain our procedures and our policies in this area I think would be a useful exercise. This is the kind of conversation that we want to deepen with India," he added.

Govt to go ahead with land swapping deal wi...Assam
(PM said BJP has for the…)
GUWAHATI: Focusing on security issues in Assam, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said his government will go ahead with the land swapping agreement with Bangladesh for a permanent solution to the infiltration problem.
"I know Assam's problems. I assure you all that there will be no compromise on Assam's security. Land swapping will be done for a permanent solution," he told a BJP workers' meeting here.
"I know the sentiment of Assamese people regarding land swapping deal. I assure you, we will move ahead considering the country's and Assam's welfare. Assam will gain in long term even if it looks like losing in short term," he said.
The government will close all roads to the forces, who are destroying the state "on a daily basis" and the law will take its own course to punish them, he said, adding, everything will be done for development and job generation in the North East.
Referring to the ambitious Jan Dhan Yojna , the prime minister said, "BJP is working to bring the poor to the mainstream. The poor had never entered the banks (before). We have opened bank doors for them.
"The PSU banks are working very hard now. Every week, one crore bank accounts are being opened. Earlier, one crore accounts were opened not even in one month, but in one year."
He said BJP has for the first time fought elections on the single issue of development and forced other parties to consider this issue prominently.
"BJP government has only one motto and it is development. No party had the courage to fight elections on the development issue. In Maharashtra, Haryana and now in Jharkhand, all parties are talking about development," he said.
Modi said the people have seen almost all parties, including those run by families, in government and are now seeing the BJP rule at the centre.
"BJP doesn't do politics on the basis of casteism, communalism or regionalism. We don't accept that road. BJP always did politics of nationalism. We believe in development with all and for all," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyber criminals target telcos in India  other nations with ReginCyber criminals target telcos in India, other nations with Regin
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
Cyber criminals are using a new malware — Regin — to penetrate and monitor GSM networks in India and other countries including Pakistan, Brazil, Germany and Russia, security researchers have said.
Regin is being used to target telecom operators, governments, financial institutions, research organisations, multinational political bodies and individuals involved in advanced mathematical/cryptographical research, they said.
Security solutions firm Kaspersky Lab said some of the earliest samples of Regin appear to have been created as early as 2003.
“Regin is aimed at gathering confidential data from attacked networks and performing several other types of attacks ... attackers turned compromised organisations in one vast unified victim and were able to send commands and steal the information via a single entry point,” Kaspersky said.
This structure allowed the actor to operate silently for years without raising suspicions, it added.
“The ability to penetrate and monitor GSM networks is perhaps the most unusual and interesting aspect of these operations,” Kaspersky Lab Director of Global Research and Analysis Team Costin Raiu said.
Although all GSM networks have mechanisms embedded which allow entities such as law enforcement to track suspects, other parties can hijack this ability and abuse it to launch different attacks against mobile users, Raiu added.
Post attack, attackers could have access to information about which calls are processed by a particular cell site, redirect calls to other cells, activate neighbour cells and perform other offensive activities.
According to another security solutions provider Symantec, Regin bears the “hallmarks of a state-sponsored operation” and is believed to have been in use since at least 2008.
“It is built on a framework that is designed to sustain long-term intelligence-gathering operations by remaining under the radar,” Symantec said in a whitepaper.
Regin goes to extraordinary lengths to conceal itself and its activities on compromised computers and the sophistication and complexity suggests it could have taken well—resourced teams of developers many months or years to develop and maintain, it added.
Symantec found that almost half of all infections targeted private individuals and small businesses (48 per cent), followed by telecom companies (28 per cent), hospitality (nine per cent) and others.
In terms of geography, Russian Federation accounted for 28 per cent of the infections, Saudi Arabia (24 per cent), Mexico and Ireland (9 per cent each), India, Afghanistan and Pakistan (5 per cent each).
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

India Inc awaits rate cut boost from central bank TuesdayIndia Inc awaits rate cut boost from central bank Tuesday
IANS | Mumbai Nov 30, 2014 02:52 PM IST
India Inc is keenly awaiting an interest rate cut by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan when this fiscal's monetary policy is reviewed Tuesday, hoping the easing of inflation and stagnation in manufacturing make for a compelling case in this direction.
The industry also hopes that this will be taken up by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during his scheduled meeting with Rajan a day ahead of the monetary policy update, as also suggested by his predecessor at North Block, P. Chidambaram.
"Use your persuasive powers to convince the governor, RBI, that a rate cut is an imperative, if for no reason other than to signal to investors and consumers that the economy would move toward a lower interest phase," Chidambaram had said on Friday.
Expectation in this regard has been fuelled by two primary factors.
Official data on gross domestic product released Friday showed India's growth at 5.3% for the second quarter of this fiscal, dropping from 5.7% in the quarter before, with factory output logging a mere 0.1% expansion.
This is a major concern in the context of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign.
At the same time the country's annual retail inflation has eased to a record historic low of 5.52% in October, from 10.17% during the like month of last year, even as the wholesale inflation has dipped to 1.77% from 2.38%.
This, on the other hand, should give elbow room for the central bank to ease its policy stand.
"An important element of the cost structure for manufacturing is interest rates, and given the current inflation situation, the RBI should ease the monetary policy stance as this will give a boost to investment sentiment," said Ficci president Siddharth Birla.
"Recent Ficci surveys show that despite positive business sentiments investors are still cautious about expansion due to subdued demand conditions and limited improvement in capacity utilisation levels," Birla added.
The former finance minister had a similar take and said the present government ought not to have rushed to take credit for India logging a 5.7%-percent growth, adding the rise in stock markets and adulation at overseas events seem to have clouded its mind.
"All signs of a sluggish economy were there -- low credit growth, a limping manufacturing sector, no new major investments, stalled projects, infrastructure bottlenecks, etc," Chidambaram said in a statement.
At the moment the bank rate stands at nine%, the repurchase rate at eight% and the reverse repurchase rate at seven%. Bank rate is the interest the central bank charges on loans and advances extended to commercial banks. The other two are its short-and-long-term lending rates.
Easing of these rates can pave the way for commercial banks to lower their interest rates, which could help industry access funds cheaper not just for their day-to-day operational expenses but also for existing and upcoming projects. Individuals can hope for their EMIs to come down.
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) had a similar take on its wish list for Rajan.
"The RBI should review its status quoist approach and move towards paring interest rates in its forthcoming monetary policy update to give a fillip to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment," said its director general Chandrajit Banerjee.

Shuttler PV Sindhu defends Macau Open titleYou are here: Home > Collections
Shuttler PV Sindhu defends Macau Open title
PTI Dec 1, 2014, 12.52AM IST
Tags:
Badminton
(PV Sindhu lifted her…)
MACAU: Two-time World Championship bronze medallist PV Sindhu lifted her first title of the season by successfully defending the $120,000 Macau Grand Prix Gold trophy after seeing off Kim Hyo Min of Korea in the women's singles finals, here today.
World No. 11 Sindhu prevailed over 91st-ranked, Kim 21-12 21-17 in the summit clash that lasted 45 minutes at the Tap Seac Multisport Pavilion here.
The bronze-medallist at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, Sindhu faced tough competition from Kim, who had come into the finals after beating seventh seed Chinese Yu Sun but the experienced Indian held her nerves to stave off the challenge from the Korean.
Kim started off on an aggressive note and found the gaps easily to lead 3-0. Sindhu slowly started to decode her rival's game and not only clawed back at 6-6 with deceptive net play but led 7-6.
Kim wriggled her way out of difficult situation with the help of her back hand returns but she faced resistance from the experienced Sindhu, who used her smashes to notch up winners and entered the interval 11-8 up.
Sindhu dominated the long rallies after the break and caught Kim at the forecourt twice. She also earned points with her soft taps to rush to 19-9 when Kim failed to return a net shot.
The Korean earned a couple of winners with her cross court returns but Sindhu soon reached the game point after making Kim run to four corners of the court. The Indian then clinched the opening game in 20 minutes with a sharp return which Kim couldn't negotiate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Michael Clarke s birthday gift to  brother  Hughes: A moving tribute  album of old photosprint
Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke wrote a moving birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes Sunday, calling him the brother he never had as players continued to grieve over his death.
Hughes, who would have celebrated his 26th birthday on Sunday, died Thursday two days after he was knocked unconscious by a bouncer while batting in a domestic match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Australia's first Test against India, which was due to start on Thursday in Brisbane, has been postponed with no new date yet scheduled.
Clarke said he "struggled to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life's true characters and gentlemen".
"His cricketing achievements -- of which there were many -- really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited," Clarke wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.
"Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind-hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child-like verve for life... I really could go on and on."
In 2 hours and 6 min it will be my Brothers 26th BDay. Please get yourself a drink and raise your glass!— Michael Clarke (@MClarke23) November 29, 2014
Clarke wrote of how he was instantly drawn to Hughes when the talented cricketer, then 17, moved to Sydney from his hometown of Macksville to play for his club Western Suburbs.
"I don't think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate," Clarke wrote.
"I don't have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him."
Australian captain Michael Clarke also posted a series of pictures on Instagram of moments that they had shared together, both on and off the field.
The photos ranged from Hughes donning the wicketkeeper's gloves, to Clarke and Hughes attending parties and Trivia nights together. FULL ALBUM HERE
A photo posted by Michael Clarke (@michaelclarkeofficial) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 1:39pm PST
Cricket Australia has said rescheduling of any Tests in the four-match series would be done in full consultation with the players, the Indian Board, the International Cricket Council and broadcasters.
Local media said the start of the Brisbane Test could be delayed by one or two days to give players some room to grieve after Hughes' funeral on Wednesday at Macksville in northern New South Wales.
Alternatively, the second Test in Adelaide, Hughes' adopted home, could be recast as the opening match of the series, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.

Ferguson shooting: Policeman who fired at Michael Brown resignsOfficer Darren Wilson in a evidence photo from the Ferguson Police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, released by the St. Louis County Prosecutor's Office. (Reuters photo)
The Ferguson police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown has resigned.
Darren Wilson, who had been on administrative leave since the August 9 shooting, resigned effective immediately, according to his lawyer, Neil Bruntrager, who declined further comment Saturday. An attorney for Brown's family didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
More than 100 protesters gathered near police headquarters, where they were outnumbered by officers, following the news. At least one person was arrested after a brief standoff, but many seemed unfazed by the resignation. Several shrugged.
"We were not after Wilson's job," civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton added later in a written statement. "We were after Michael Brown's justice."
Brown, who was black, was unarmed when Wilson, who is white, fatally shot him in the middle of a Ferguson street, where his body was left for several hours as police investigated and angry onlookers gathered.
A protester holds up a sign while demonstrating against Brown's shooting, outside of Macy's in Herald Square during the Black Friday shopping day in New York on Friday. (Reuters photo)
Some witnesses have said Brown had his hands up when Wilson shot him. Wilson told a grand jury that he feared for his life when Brown hit him and reached for his gun. The grand jury later decided not to indict him.
For some Americans on opposite sides of a national debate, Brown has now become a symbol , epitomising their polarised views on who bears the blame for the toll of young black men killed by police officers.
Brown was a gentle giant, in one version. A defiant troublemaker, in another.
Yet as more details of the 18-year-old's life and death emerge, his legacy in the eyes of many is more nuanced, reflecting the ups and downs and challenges faced by many young Americans. New protests - sometimes violent - erupted around the country this week after a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson who shot the unarmed Brown.
Wilson, who had been with the Ferguson Police Department for less than three years, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch he decided to step down after the department told him it had received threats of violence if he remained on the force.
"I'm not willing to let someone else get hurt because of me," Wilson told the newspaper.
Ferguson officials planned to make a statement on Wilson's resignation Sunday, said Stephanie Karr, city attorney for Ferguson. Karr earlier this week said Wilson had been on paid leave pending the outcome of an internal police investigation.
The US Justice Department is conducting a civil rights investigation into the shooting and a separate investigation of police department practices.
In the days after the shooting, tense and sometimes violent protests occurred in and around Ferguson, a predominantly black community patrolled by a mostly white police force. Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called in the National Guard to help.
On Monday night, when prosecutors announced that the grand jury declined to indict Wilson, the St. Louis suburb of 20,000 residents was ravaged by looting and violence. By Tuesday, Nixon had sent more than 2,200 National Guard members to the area.
Though protests calmed significantly, more than 100 people have been arrested since Monday.
Demonstrations, which also have been held other US cities, were expected to continue.
A woman lies in the street during a demonstration against the grand jury's decision in the Ferguson shooting of Michael Brown, in Los Angeles on Friday. (Reuters photo)

Odisha: Doctor uses bicycle pump for sterilisationComments
Barely a fortnight has passed since the Chhatisgarh sterlisation botch-up , where 13 women lost their lives, but neighboring Odisha does not seem to have learnt a lesson from the tragedy.
A doctor used a bicycle pump to inflate the abdomen of 56 women while conducting laparoscopic tuberctomy during a sterilisation camp in Angul district, officials said on Sunday.
A medical assistant holds the cycle pump which was allegedly used in the surgery. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
The camp was held at Banarpal village of the district, about 150 km from Bhubaneswar on friday. The doctor, Mahesh Prasad Rout, said that the practice of using bicycle pump in laparoscapic tubectomy – a surgical procedure women undergo for permanent contraception – was not new.
“Bicycle pumps are used frequently during sterilisation in camps in rural areas that lack sophisticated surgical equipments used for inflating the abdomen,” said Rout.
Rout's method triggered protests in the area, with locals backed by BJP workers ransacking the hospital where the operations were done.
State health secretary Arti Ahuja said the chief district medical officer had been asked to make an inquiry on the sterilization camp and submit a report in a week. “Further action will be taken accordingly,” she said.
According to doctors, normally insufflators are used in laparoscapy to pump carbon dioxide gas into the abdomen of women for regulating gas pressure during the operation.
But insufflators are not available in many hospitals, so bicycle pumps come as a substitute. “The pipe and nozzle tip of the pump is sterilised before use,” Rout said.
Rout is claimed to have performed over 60,000 laparoscopic tubectomy in the last 10 years without facing problems. He has received awards for his achievements.

Jaitley Vows To Pursue Reforms  Targets 8 Per Cent Growth RateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bangladesh needs Indian cooperation: advisorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I m Amit Shah: BJP chief dares Mamata on her home turf KolkataComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) launched a scathing attack on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata on Sunday, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state where the saffron party is eyeing substantial gains.
Echoing Narendra Modi's call for a Congress-free India, BJP president Amit Shah called for a Trinamool-free Bengal, addressing a public rally at Kolkata on Sunday. (ANI Photo)
Addressing a rally that saw a crowd of two lakh people, BJP national president Amit Shah attacked Banerjee over the Saradha case, terrorist activities as well as lack of development in the state.
"If you vote for a BJP government, we will ensure prosperity and take the state forward," Shah told the people of Bengal.
"A few days ago, Mamata Banerjee had asked: who is Amit Shah?  I am Amit Shah… I have come here to start the process of uprooting Trinamool Congress," he added, calling for a 'Trinamool-free Bengal', in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's slogan of a 'Congress-free India'.
Shah pointed out that throwing out the ruling party from the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) polls in 2015 can be the first step towards that “dream”.
The BJP chief's address came at a time when the ruling Trinamool Congress was reeling under graft allegations in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam and the October 2 blasts that killed two alleged militants from Bangladesh who had taken shelter in Burdwan.
"Stop protecting Bangladeshis," Shah told Banerjee, "Don't jeopardise the security of the state and the country."
Turning the heat on the state government over the blasts, he added, "Who is Hasan Chowdhury? Mamata Banerjee, please tell the people of Bengal who he is."
Chowdhury owned the two-storey house in Burdwan where a group of alleged Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh operatives were hiding. He is known to be a Trinamool worker.
Exuding confidence about BJP's poll prospects, Shah said, "Maharastra and Haryana have already voted for a BJP government. Jharkhand and J-K will certainly vote for BJP governments."
Shah added the Trinamool had failed to usher in development in Bengal, which is not known for an industry-friendly image.
"Many big industries have shut operations in West Bengal, the youth are unemployed and the... infrastructure is poor."
Reaching out to the youth, Shah said youngsters in Bengal wanted that the Burdwan terrorists be hanged and the Saradha culprits be sent behind the bars.
"I am challenging Mamata Banerjee to declare that those arrested by CBI in the Saradha scam are innocent," the BJP president added.
Trinamool MP Sinjoy Bose and suspended party MP Kunal Ghosh have been arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the Saradha case that has sent a shock wave across the nation.
"Mamata Banerjee staged a big demonstration against the Singur factory (of Tata's Nano) that had affected about 1,200 people… But why is she silent about the Saradha scam that has affected 17 lakh people?"
The shadow of Saradha has been hounding Banerjee and her government since it exploded in early 2013. Kunal Ghosh had recently said Banerjee was the biggest beneficiary of the scam. 
"West Bengal needs a government that fights against corruption and does not protect people involved in scams," Shah said.
"The journey of Modiji's victory chariot flagged off in 2014 will come to Kolkata," he added at the rally, for which he was initially denied permission by the Trinamool government.
BJP state leaders had to move Calcutta high court thrice to obtain permission to organise it after the Kolkata Police, KMC and fire services department said no.
The BJP's rise in Bengal has sparked speculations about new equations in Bengal's political arena where the saffron brigade was a fringe player till recently.
However, banking on Modi's poll promises on development, the party bagged an impressive 16.8% vote share in the April-May Lok Sabha elections. Even though the BJP won just two of the 42 seats, it made an impact.
Frequent clashes between BJP and Trinamool supporters have been reported in Bengal since the polls.

Consolidation Key for Banking Industry: KotakStrides Arcolab Gets USFDA Nod for Calcitriol Softgel Capsules
Mumbai: Having sealed a mega deal to merge ING Vysya Bank with itself, Kotak Mahindra Bank's chief Uday Kotak has said consolidation is very important for growth of the domestic banking industry.
The banking industry is largely fragmented in India with 46 commercial banks, nearly half of which are state-run entities but only two of them figure among the world's 100 largest banks.
Besides, there have not been many mergers in the Indian banking space and the merger of ING Vysya Bank with Kotak Mahindra Bank is the first major deal since private sector leader ICICI Bank's takeover of Bank of Rajasthan about four years ago.
"Frankly speaking, consolidation is very important in Indian banking industry because to finance India's future financing needs, you need banks of size and this is one step towards that," Mr Kotak told PTI in an interview here.
The all-share transaction to merge ING Vysya Bank would create India's fourth largest private sector bank after ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, respectively. Incidentally, acquisitions have played a key role in growth of the two largest lenders.
"If you just look at our balance sheet on combined basis, it is Rs 2 lakh crore and the market cap will be over Rs 1 lakh crore," Mr Kotak said, while explaining the upside from the merger valued at over Rs 15,000 crore.
"If you look at the private sector, we will be the fourth largest and we see a significant upside. We are very well capitalised and we would not need any additional capital and therefore there is no plans to have any dilution in short to medium term. Our ability to grow is significant," he added.
Asked about the future growth prospects and whether the merged entity would be one of the global banks from India in next five years, he said, "The key thing and our internal mantra is bigger, bolder and better."
"So, we have to be bigger, we have to be bolder and we have to be better. Around this theme, we want to build a financial institution out of India which the country should be proud of."
"Size is important, but the quality of a financial institution in terms of what it does is also very important and this would include quality of our products, quality of our service and customers and that is much more important in my mind. Having said that, size is important to relevance too," Mr Kotak said.
On positioning of the merged entity, he said, "We are going to position ourselves as a world-class financial institution. We want to do things that are comparable to the best in the world. At the same time, we want to have a very strong human qualities. On combined basis, we would have 40,000 employees."
He expects the deal to get all necessary approvals by end of March 2015.
Story first published on: November 30, 2014 13:44 (IST)

I am single: ParisHiltonPosted: November 30, 2014 6:09 pm
Socialite Paris Hilton has revealed she is single after splitting from a recent “summertime fling”.
The 33-year-old hotel heiress was photographed kissing Ralph Lauren stud Josh Upshaw following her break-up from model River Viiperi this summer.
However, Hilton has opened up about her latest love disaster and explained she is no longer dating anyone, reported Contactmusic.
“I’m single. That was just a summertime fling. I’m not looking for anything right now, I’m just focusing on myself… But, when I do look for a guy, I just think it’s most important to find someone who’s really loyal, who I can trust, who can be my best friend, who makes me laugh,” Hilton said.
Hilton has a long list of former boyfriends, including shipping heir Stavros Niarchos, Doug Reinhardt, Cy Waits, Jason Shaw and rocker Benji Madden.

JSW plans Rs 2 000 crore iron ore pipelineJSW Steel plans 20MT capacity at Bellary, Rs 2000 crore iron ore pipeline
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 10.14PM IST
Tags:
iron-ore
(Jindal said to lay the…)
KOLKATA: JSW Steel, the country's third largest steel maker, has outlined an ambitious expansion plan that entails doubling capacity of its Vijaynagar plant to 20 million tonnes by 2022, according to its chairman and managing director, Sajjan Jindal .
The company is also investing Rs 2,000 crore in a 500-km pipeline to transport iron ore from its private port to the plant, the industrialist said, adding that the group has deferred plans of buying steel units in Italy.
"It is my dream to make Vijaynagar the largest plant in the world. Earlier, I wanted to make Vijaynagar the largest plant in India. Since we have already achieved it, our next target would be to make it the largest plant globally," Jindal told ET at a function to inaugurate the new headquarter for the Institute of Steel Development and Growth, a body jointly promoted by the steel ministry and domestic steel players.
"The expansion of Vijaynagar plant is due to take place in phases. We hope to achieve 20 mt capacity by 2022," Jindal said, adding that capacity will be raised to 12mt in "some time".
The group also plans to expand capacity at JSW Ispat's Dolvi unit to 15 mt, he said. "Our focus is on expanding in India and we have thus deferred our plans to invest in Italy, the industrialist said, when asked about the company's bid for steel units in Italy. JSW had bid for Lucchini, Italy's third largest steel group, and was also tipped to be in the race for the country's largest steelmaker, Ilva.
JSW's expansion plans come in the face of a severe crisis that affected the Vijaynagar plant when the Supreme Court banned iron ore mining in Karnataka in 2011.
In step with plans for adding capacity, JSW will invest in a 500-km slurry pipeline linking the Vijaynagar plant to JSW's Jaigarh port, located between Mumbai and Goa. "We will invest Rs 2,000 crore in the new pipeline project, which will help bring iron ore from the port to the plant. It will ensure savings of nearlyRs 2,000 crore a year on freight costs alone. With a capacity of 20 mt, JSW Steel will require some 35 mt of iron ore every year for Vijaynagar alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Policeman who shot dead Ferguson teenager resignsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ex France President Sarkozy elected head of oppositionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Meet Kristina Pimenova  a 9-Year-Old Controversial Super ModelThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Happy to end season on a high: SindhuThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil: China strikes rich from falling pricesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tomorrow vip can cross the 112 levels.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good time to invest in sgjhl results have improved  revenue has gone u...Silver Member
2 Followers
Good time to invest in SGJHL,results have improved, revenue has gone up, loss has come down and now even the mkt conditions have become favorable with the recent news. Good luck to long time investors
7.01 PM Nov 30th  | Track

I agreed with you..its a positive news for al.it will move it to more ...New Member
1 Followers
Good Volumes of ALL fantastic order book position, bumpr profit has made this scrip one of the top shares traded in Stock exchange. It is expected to touch 67  in this end of session. Hold on for a bumper profit. Buy at every dips. Good potential to jump from 53 to 67  ery shortly. Bulk trading taking place.
In reply to : sanj_123 message
7.35 PM Nov 30th

Trident/vardhaman looks better to himat in textile space.Silver Member
15 Followers
reddy ji and Rajiv ji, I have a query and I request both of you to give opinion.....I have 2700 shares of himatsingka at 95.....I bought it taking into account its exposure to Amaricas and Europre and that its last few quarters had been decent and growth was seen.....its last quarter numbers were subdued and its con call suggest at least 2 more muted quarters......I am losing 9% in the script.....should I hold as I have a 5 year timeframe and hope for FY16 to be much better, or take the loss and move on to a better script........thank you
2.15 PM Nov 30th

J&K Polls: PM Narendra Modi asks people to vote for BJP to get rid of corruptionWritten by Arun Sharma | Udhampur |
Posted: November 29, 2014 12:32 am | Updated: November 29, 2014 12:22 pm
Congratulating the people of Jammu and Kashmir for voting in large numbers in the first phase of assembly elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday asked people to vote in a BJP majority government to rid the state of corruption.
Addressing a nearly 70,000-strong crowd at Battal Ballian, Modi said: “Yeh log bullet ke kor se ballot ko dabaye hue they. Pehli baar yahan ki janta mein takat aayi hai ki unhone bullet ko daba kar ke ballot ka parichay karvaya hai (This is the first time people have shown courage and defied the bullet and introduced ballot to those who suppressed the ballot with the bullet).”
He added: “Aatankwadi bokhlaye hue hain… unko lagta hai ki itney bomb bandookey chalai, itne logo ko mara, lekin bheetar se loktranta ki takat zinda hai (Terrorists are nervous because after so much of violence and killing of innocents, the strength of democracy is remains deep rooted).
The Prime Minister added that the high turnout in the first phase of polls has made it clear to the world community as to what people wanted.
The crowd, which included a large number of Muslims, kept chanting ‘Modi-Modi’ during the half-an-hour address.
In Poonch, nearly 30,000 people turned up for the PM’s address.
Referring to his frequent visits to the state, during floods and on Diwali, Modi said he was not doing it for politics or votes, but to put the state on the path of development and prosperity.
“Over the last 30 years, the state’s journey on the path of development has come to a standstill and corruption, loot and blackmail has become a habit of politicians here,’’ he said.
He added that previous governments at the Centre felt that merely sending funds would keep things going. “We have now decided that while there will be no dearth of central funds for the state, it will be ensured that these are utilised properly,” he said. Referring to criticism from National Conference, Congress and the PDP, the PM said: “As I have tightened the screws, all the parties have started criticising me as Modi has become a hurdle in their politics of loot,” he added.
He also invoked former PM Rajiv Gandhi’s statement that only 15 paise of every rupee released from the Centre reached the people of the state. “I did not say it. It was said by a Congress PM at a time when the party was in power across the country, from panchayats to Parliament,” he added.
He said the people of J&K would have become the richest in the country if, over the last 30 years, the Centre would have deposited the funds directly in their individual accounts.

India Post collects over Rs 280 cr via Cash-on-Delivery courtesy Flipkart  AmazonAmazon
(While the amount of revenue…)
NEW DELHI: Within a year of joining the e-commerce bandwagon as a distribution channel, government entity India Post has transacted business worth Rs 280 crore in the Cash-on-Delivery (CoD) segment alone for firms like Flipkart , Snapdeal and Amazon.
While the amount of revenue generated for itself could not be ascertained, government officials said India Post is very keen on developing its e-commerce related services as a major revenue model going ahead.
"India Post collected over Rs 280 crore from consumers and gave it to e-commerce firms, since CoD facility was started in December 2013. The department with its huge network can serve as the best agency for not just delivering products, but also collecting money," a government official said.
However, this is a small chunk of the overall market size for e-commerce in India, which runs into billions of dollars already and is growing at a fast pace every year.
CoD has emerged as one of the most sought after services for e-commerce entities and 50-75 per cent of orders are placed with various online retailers with this payment option, while the remaining opt for credit card or bank payments.
In India, customers tend to prefer CoD as the online payment modes are yet to catch up in many parts of the country while many people are not comfortable with advance payments for products purchased online.
India Post's cash handling services like core banking solutions, money transfer and a robust account system can further help e-commerce firms in collecting cash from users in urban as well as rural areas, the official said.
India Post has about 1.55 lakh post offices, making it the world's largest postal network. On an average, a post office serves 21.21 sq km area and about 7,175 people.
Another official said various e-commerce firms have been using India Posts CoD facility since it was introduced. Firms like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, Shopclues, Naaptol, Telebrands and Homeshop18 are some of them.
India Post has set up booking counters in the premises of some customers like Amazon and Naaptol, while for Snapdeal it is exploring setting up of e-commerce booking kiosks in post office locations.
Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has also said previously that India Post is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players, given its wide reach across rural, urban and semi-urban areas.
The Minister has directed officials from the Department of Posts to focus on opportunities in e-commerce sector.
India Post is also ramping up its infrastructure to grab a major chunk of the distribution, delivery or logistics, which will touch about $9 billion by 2021. According to market experts, e-commerce business in India was about $6 billion in value in 2012 and is expected to touch $76 billion by 2021 of which distribution, delivery and logistics constitutes around 12 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hughes never dropped his head  never once complainedBy: Press Trust of India | Melbourne |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 2:31 pm
Devastated by his tragic death, Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke on Sunday penned a poignant birthday tribute to Phillip Hughes, saying that the late batsman was like a little brother who helped him become a better man.
Clarke, who broke down while reading out the team’s tribute to Hughes on Saturday in a press conference, poured his heart out in a tribute to his close friend, who would have turned 26 on Sunday had he survived after being hit on the head by a bouncer during a domestic game earlier this week.
“I don’t have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him,” Clarke wrote in ‘The Daily Telegraph’.
Clarke said he was struggling “to comprehend how this tragedy could happen to one of life’s true characters and gentlemen”.
“His cricketing achievements — of which there were many — really play second fiddle to the human qualities that he exhibited. Loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic, kind hearted, wicked sense of humour, a child like verve for life… I really could go on and on,” wrote the batsman.
The tragedy has led to the postponement of Australia’s first Test against India. The match was scheduled to start on December 4 but has been put off for the time being to allow the players to mourn Hughes’ loss and attend his funeral on December 3.
Recalling Hughes’ amiable personality , Clarke said the youngster was easy to get along and went on become the brother he never had.
“He was a country boy at heart, with honest values and a work ethic second to none. And it is easy to tell where those qualities come from. His parents are salt of the earth Aussies, who have handled the past several days with a dignity and grace I could only admire. They will have my support, and the support of the entire Australian cricketing family, whenever and wherever they need it,” he said.
“I was drawn to him instantly, falling for his cheeky grin and love of life. Phillip truly was uncomplicated — what you saw was what you got. I don’t think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate,”
“Whenever Hughesy suffered adversity — if he was replaced in the team or if he wasn’t scoring as many runs as he wanted — he never dropped his head, never once complained,” Clarke said.
Clarke described Hughes as a tough continued…

Theatre personality Veenapani Chawla passes awayUpdated: December 1, 2014 01:00 IST
Theatre world mourns Veenapani Chawla
Annie Philip
Tweet
The Hindu
Veenapani Chawla won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Puruskar for her contribution to Indian theatre as a director. File photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
Veenapani Chawla, acclaimed theatre personality and founder of the Adishakti Laboratory for Theatre Arts and Research near Auroville, passed away on Sunday, following a sudden heart attack. She was 67.
Her funeral is expected to be conducted on Monday at Karuvadikuppam in Puducherry.
Winner of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Puruskar for her contribution to Indian theatre as a director, Chawla was considered a pioneer of experimental theatre in India.
She established Adishakti in 1981 and was also its Managing Trustee and Artistic Director. Having directed most of Adishakti’s performances and scripted half of them, her work has toured India and abroad.
Through Adishakti, Chawla has been engaged in research towards creating a performance methodology based on old knowledge, according to Adishakti’s website.
Speaking to The Hindu earlier this year about Adishakti’s famed Master classes, Chawla had said, “The master classes are an opportunity for the artists from Adishakti to explore fields which are opening up. We ideally want to be a dynamic, vibrant and cultural centre in this part of the world. The master classes for Adishakti is a way to expand its knowledge base and share it with people from everywhere.”
Earlier this year, theatre critic Shanta Gokhale had brought out ‘The Theatre of Veenapani Chawla: Theory, Practice, and Performance’, which traces Chawla’s journey into the performing arts. In his review of the book for The Hindu, playwright Girish Karnad wrote, “There is no one like Veenapani Chawla in Indian theatre. There is no other group like her Adishakti — certainly there hasn’t been any since what we call ‘Modern Indian Theatre’ began”.

GSK to axe US jobs as part of $1.6 bn cost ...asthma
(Staff in the US, where GSK has…)
LONDON: GlaxoSmithKline will this week inform US staff of hundreds of job cuts in its biggest market as the drugmaker starts implementing a major cost-saving programme, sources familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
Britain's top drugmaker announced at third-quarter results on Oct. 22 that the new restructuring scheme would save 1 billion pounds ($1.56 billion) in annual costs over three years, but it has yet to tell employees where the axe will fall.
Staff in the United States, where GSK has been struggling with falling sales of respiratory drugs, will be briefed on the changes on Wednesday by the company's head of North American pharmaceuticals Deirdre Connelly, the sources said.
A GSK spokesman declined to go into details but said the aim of the restructuring programme was to improve performance by reducing complexity and establishing a smaller, more focused and lower-cost organization.
"Each business unit is currently deciding how to respond to this challenge. When we do have proposals, we will first share those with our employees," he said in an e-mailed statement.
Respiratory medicine has traditionally been GSK's strongest business and Advair - an inhaled therapy for asthma and chronic lung disease - is its biggest seller. But Advair sales are now tumbling the United States, while new lung drugs Breo and Anoro are proving slow to take off.
Advair has been hit by competition from rivals and an increasing trend by US health insurers to use hardball tactics to get drugmakers to cut prices for older products.
French drugmaker Sanofi has reported similar pressures from US insurers in the diabetes market.
US insurers, who themselves are under pressure to keep premiums in check, are pushing back particularly hard on prices for medicines in areas like diabetes and respiratory diseases where there are multiple options for doctors and patients.
The revamped GSK operation in the United States is designed to defend the company's margins in this tough environment. The changes will also take into account the movement of some pharmaceuticals staff as a result of a complex asset swap deal with Switzerland's Novartis , which is taking over GSK's oncology business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kim Kardashian calls daughter her bestfriendPosted: November 30, 2014 6:13 pm
Kim Kardashian is thankful for the birth of her daughter North West.
The fashionista posted a picture of the 16-month-old daughter on Instagram.
“I’m so thankful for my best friend N+K=??,” the 34-year-old captioned a picture of North. In a second, she added: “North & Georgia.”
North was snapped wearing a black furry coat with matching pants and shoes. She wore diamond earrings and had her dark hair pulled back in a low bun.

Jessica Biel  Justin Timberlake to leave LosAngelesBy: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:11 pm
Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake are reportedly planning to move to his hometown of Memphis, Tennessee because they don’t want to raise their baby in Los Angeles.
The couple are said to be expecting their first child together and are eager to raise their family away from the spotlight so want to leave Los Angeles, reported OK! magazine.
“Justin and Jessica want their kids to have a hometown and a family base, and they definitely don’t want to raise them in Los Angeles,’ a source said.
“Being near Justin’s hometown is ideal because his mom, Lynn, is even more excited about this baby than they are – and Justin’s grandmother Sadie is on cloud nine. Justin’s used to living in a small town and says he had a great childhood because of it.”

Early opening eases US Black Friday rushEarly opening eases US Black Friday rush
Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81bd6e26-7710-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pope starts testing trip to TurkeyPope starts testing trip to Turkey
Daniel Dombey in Istanbul and Giulia Segreti in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e01b02e4-762a-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swiss plan to put women in top managementSwiss plan to put more women in top management
James Shotter in Zürich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35e16960-770d-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbus starts to sell down Dassault stakeAirbus starts to sell down Dassault stake
Peggy Hollinger, Industry Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d623ebe-7729-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UKs Black Friday sales descend into chaosLast updated: November 28, 2014 10:40 am
Surge of shoppers brings Black Friday chaos to UK retail stores
Kadhim Shubber, John Aglionby and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c92013a-76d1-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks cut rates in mortgage price warBanks fight back in mortgage price war
James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51930e4c-7632-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Inc Presses For Rate Cut after GDP Growth SlipsYou are here: Home Economy
India Inc Presses For Rate Cut after GDP Growth Slips
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 29, 2014 11:48 (IST)
BofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
New Delhi: Expressing concern over subdued growth in the manufacturing sector, India Inc today stepped up its demand for a cut in interest rate by RBI to give a leg-up to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment.
Poor showing by agriculture and manufacturing sector pulled down the country's economic growth rate to 5.3 per cent in the second quarter ended September 30. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth rate has declined from 5.7 per cent rate in the first quarter ended June.
Commenting on the GDP data, Ficci said that while the growth in agriculture and services sector is in line with expectations, the subdued growth in manufacturing at 0.1 per cent is a matter of concern.
"An important element of the cost structure for manufacturing is interest rates and given the current inflation situation RBI should ease the monetary policy stance as this would give a boost to investment sentiment," FICCI president Sidharth Birla said.
Recent Ficci surveys show that despite positive business sentiments, investors are still cautious about expansion due to subdued demand conditions and limited improvement in capacity utilization levels, the industry body said.
"The current wave of optimism needs to be maintained through continued efforts by the government towards further improving the tax and policy environment to encourage enterprises to expand," it added.
It expects that real turnaround in investments should take place in 12 to 18 months.
"We look forward to further action on all the pending reforms including early introduction of goods and services tax, changes to the Land Acquisition Act and further reforms in labour laws," it said.
CII said that looking ahead, in order to steer economy, there is need for continuing with proactive policies which would help revive investments and address the bottlenecks plaguing the agriculture and industrial sectors.
The RBI should review its status quoist approach and move towards paring interest rates in its forthcoming monetary policy to give a fillip to recovery both through higher consumption spending and opening up channels for investment, CII said.
Deloitte India said that though there has been an industry call for rate cuts, it is unlikely that any rate cuts in the immediate next cycle will make a dent to these numbers.
"Strong reform imitative coupled with passing of some crucial bills in the winter session of Parliament may assist in aligning performance with the optimism that is currently in place," it said.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 11:45 (IST)

Removal of Import Curbs to Improve Official Supplies: WGCIndia to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
New Delhi: With the easing of gold import restrictions, the metal's supply through official channels will improve and benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery, World Gold Council said on Saturday.
The government yesterday scrapped a scheme under which it was mandatory for importers to export 20 per cent of the gold they imported. It was put in place in August 2013 to check high gold imports that had widened the current account deficit.
Welcoming the government's surprise move, WGC India managing director Mr Somasundaram PR said: "The timing of this development though surprising, will definitely boost confidence in general, and in the jewellery industry, in particular.
"The official supply situation must now ease to the benefit genuine exporters and manufacturers of gold jewellery."
The sharp gold imports in recent months were not triggered by changes in demand estimates but were more likely due to expectation of additional curbs, he added.
Asserting that India should move beyond curbs on gold imports, Mr Somasundaram said: "It's time to re-engage all stakeholders to develop a coherent long term policy on gold that is aligned to the nation's growth objectives.
"It is imperative, that we find ways of mobilising and monetising the household savings embedded in gold stocks through the formal financial sector for the benefit of the economy as a whole."
The discussions must focus on how the industry can contribute to the country's prosperity in the next five years, he added.
WGC maintained that gold demand in India, the world's largest consumer, in 2014 would be in the 850-950 tonnes range, slightly lower than last year.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 15:12 (IST)

Nov 30 Swiss vote may hold key to gold pricesNov 30 Swiss vote may hold key to gold prices
G Chandrashekhar
Tweet
November 28, 2014:  
Gold prices have moved up in the last several days and ended the last week trading above $1,200 an ounce in the London market ($1,204 Friday PM Fix).
While macro indicators and investor inflows paint a bearish picture, the fundamentals point to firmness, in the short-term. The reason: market attention is now focused on the upcoming Swiss vote to decide whether or not to buy 1,500 tonnes of gold over five years, equivalent to 300 tonnes a year.
A positive vote will be a shot in the arm for bulls, who have helplessly watched prices collapse. However, the initial enthusiasm to buy gold is now waning in Switzerland, according to market watchers; yet, nothing can be ruled out. The vote is set for November 30 (Saturday); and one can safely expect gold prices to remain volatile until then.
If the Swiss vote in favour of gold reserves, it would provide a solid floor for prices to stabilise. However, emerging threats to the yellow metal cannot be wished away.
From a demand perspective, trade curbs being discussed in India to halt rising gold imports and foreign exchange outflows in the last two months could potentially weaken the floor.
According to Swiss trade data, India imported an estimated 75 tonnes in October, higher than the 58 tonnes in September.
The dollar continues to stay firm and given that the euro and the yen are poised to weaken, a strengthening dollar is sure to cap the upside for gold. The big question is the timing of the rate increase by the Fed. It could happen sometime next year, possibly in the second quarter. This move will hurt liquidity further and raise demand for greenback.
At the same time, crude prices have fallen and inflation expectations are muted. Outflows from physically-backed ETPs have slowed too.
So far this year approximately 150 tonnes have been redeemed; and the pace of redemption is slowing.
In sum, given the strong downside risk for gold because of weaker investor interest and robust macro-data, every increase in price may present a selling opportunity.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Kesoram hires UBS to sell tyre division
Amit Shah tears into Mamata Banerjee  links Saradha scam with Burdwan blastsNov 30, 2014 at  04:02pm IST
Amit Shah tears into Mamata Banerjee, links Saradha scam with Burdwan blasts
33
0
Kolkata: "I am Amit Shah, and I have come to uproot Trinamool Congress from West Bengal", roared Bharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah as he made an array of scathing attacks on Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee in his Kolkata rally.
Riding high on the success in Haryana and Maharashtra Assembly elections, Shah sought Bengal electorate's support to give a finishing touch to "Modi Ji's Viay Rath" in the 2016 polls.
"TMC was voted to power in West Bengal with a lot of hope but after more than 3 years, Bengal is where it used to be," said Shah as he promised to make the state, the country's best in terms of development if BJP was voted to power.
#west bengal #amit shah #bjp #narendra modi
The BJP chief tore into Mamata accusing her of shielding the culprits of the multi-crore Saradha scam. He dared the CM to declare those rounded up by the CBI in the case innocent. Shah also linked the Saradha scam to the recent Burdwan blasts. "The investigations of the Burdwan Blast and Saradha Scam are going to cross each other's paths. There are reports that money from the Saradha scam was used in the Burdwan blasts," said the BJP leader.
Raking up the compelling issue of infiltration of Bangladeshi nationals into the state, Shah reminded Mamata that she was Bengal's CM and not Bangladesh's. "When the NIA is investigating the Burdwan case, Mamata is playing vote bank politics. She is protecting Bangladeshi infiltrators. She needs to remember that she is the CM of Bengal and not Bangladesh," said the Modi aide.
Like a 'Congress-free India', Modi's call is to make West Bengal 'Trinamool Congress-free', said Amit Shah to a huge gathering. "Do not let emotional blackmailing or austerity fool the people of Bengal," he added.
Shah asked the people to vote a BJP Mayor in the upcoming Municipal elections in Kolkata in May.
74

Government will work to ensure peace  harmony in Assam: PM Modi8
0
Guwahati: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday reached out to his party workers in Guwahati by saying that his government will do whatever it takes to ensure peace and harmony in Assam.
On day two of his tour of the Northeast, he addressed a meeting of party workers in Guwhati. Modi said that he will give a strong reply to interference of other countries in the Northeast.
Modi said, "My government will ensure peace and harmony in Assam. My government will give a strong reply to the interference of other countries."
Modi said that he will give a strong reply to interference of other countries in the Northeast.
#narendra modi #bjp #guwahati #assam
He also raised the issue of illegal immigration saying it has ruined the state of affairs in Assam.
Modi said, "Illegal immigration into Assam has ruined the state. I will shut all routes that illegal immigrants from Bangladesh take to enter into Assam."
Earlier in the day, PM Modi addressed the 49th Annual DGPs, IGPs conference and stressed on the need for 'Smart Police' force.
1

750 000 km of cable to connect all villages with broadband: PrasadThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Farida Jalal not happy with just grandmother roleson-screenBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:16 pm
Farida Jalal, best known for playing the quintessential Bollywood mother over the years, is now mostly seen in the role of a grandmother but the veteran actress says she has the potential of taking on more challenging characters.
Farida, 65, who has starred in films like ‘Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge’, ‘Dil To Pagal Hai’ and ‘Kuch Kuch Hota Hai’, among others, says she feels sad that she never got the opportunity to experiment in her film career.
“It is difficult to play similar roles. I kept getting roles of a mother and now of a grandmother. A mother could be so much more like she could have been a doctor, a teacher, but I never got such roles. It is saddening. I can do so much more than what is offered to me,” Farida told PTI.
“I meet my fans and they still love me as much and they want to see more of me on-screen be it in TV or films. I feel that I am capable of doing a lot more than what I am doing right right now,” says Farida, who was last seen on the big screen in 2012 film ‘Student of The Year’ in which she played Siddharth Malhotra’s grandmother.
Farida says she was always bracketed in the role of a mother and now a grandmother in films and that is the worst thing that can ever happen to any actor.
“It (getting typecast) is the most terrible thing that can happen to an actor. I feel as an actor one should be be able to do a variety of characters… that is the challenge,” she says.
Besides films, Farida has been part of several hit TV shows like ‘Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi’, ‘Dekh Bhai Dekh’ and ‘Balika Vadhu’. She will be next seen on the small screen in ‘Satrangi Sasural’ on Zee TV.
The actress says she was more than happy to be a part of the new show as it gave her a chance to reunite with her ‘Balika Vadhu’ maker Purnendu Shekhar and also the role was very different from what she has donned on-screen till date.
“My character is very different. I have always played these happy-go-lucky characters – chirpy, friendly. This show will see me in a different avatar. I play a grandmother, who is a no-nonsense woman. She is very strict. It was great working with writer-producer Purnendu Shekhar after ‘Balika Vadhu’.”
The show also stars Samta Sagar, Bhavna Balsavar, Sadia Siddiqui, Resham Tipnis, Sonali Sachdev and Sheetal Thakkar among others.
Farida says she has been offered two films but her TV commitments are keeping her busy and she is yet to take a call on the movie projects.

Haryana: Two sisters stand up to harassment  thrash three molesters with belts in a moving bus27
0
Rohtak: Giving a fitting lesson to misconduct in public, two sisters thrashed three eve teasers aboard a bus in Rohtak on Sunday. The three men reportedly assaulted the two girls when they objected to eve teasing. The girls in turn did not lose heart and retaliated by thrashing the assailants with their belts.
However, the incident caught on camera shows that no other passenger present in the bus came to the rescue of the girls.
Police has registered a complaint against the three men but no arrests have been made so far.
#eve teasing #molestation #sexual assault #bravehearts
Recalling the incident, one of the two girls said that the men tried to molest her sister to which they protested. Though she also added that after they fought back by beating the men with the belts, the two sisters were thrown out of the bus.
Women rights activists have come down heavily on the Rohtak incident.  "It's an offence under Sec 354a. This is a non bailable offence. The culprits must be arrested immediately. The people in bus did not come to the help of the girls. We need to amend the law that those who don't help the victims of molestation should also be punished," said women rights activist Abha Singh.
Responding to the incident, National Commission for Women chairperson Lalitha Kumarmangalam  said, "I would like to congratulate the girls and ask the authorities to take appropriate action. Few girls have the guts to take on the molesters. The government should take action. I would appeal to every Indian to come forward and help."
2083

Sindhu retains Macau Open titleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Latest news in the hindu: - big boost for shipping & logistics: "the g...New Member
0 Follower
Reposted about 47 days 10 hrs 55 min 18 sec ago by New Boarder and 1 others
How will the premium above floor price be decided? given there is no limit on ceiling  price as per SEBI`s guidelines ( voluntary delisting).

Testing 20/again this week. wait n watchCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

If by early fy2016  the settlement of jp hydro  plants will be settled...Platinum Member
172 Followers
If you visit the webpage, where JSW ENERGY CEO gave interview to CNBC, he clearly said, all the financial things will be done via RESERVE of the JSW Energy PLUS SOME debit of the JP HYDRO will be taken as debit of jsw energy company, so where is the QUESTION of equity dilution, 100% sure, EQUITY of JSW Energy ,will remain same, and that is why price of the jsw energy is getting RE-RATED THESE DAYS. It will stand near 150 by april 2015 for sure. Regards.
In reply to : himanshu7881 message
5.34 PM Dec 2nd

Thanks and best wishes to u yashji!!New Member
7 Followers
Reposted about 17 days 3 hrs 37 min 52 sec ago by jaideep171 and 1 others
Dear All followers of Arvindji,
It’s common sense somebody is helping us compromising his personal life. It’s our duty before asking any question make effort to go thru recent post by him.
I think there should not be more queries on
Morepen lab, syncom formula, health & Haldyn glass...all are multibagger just hold for 1-2 years.
Now nobody should ask on it again.
Arvindji if you agree to this...please, repost it.
Positivism n happiness achieves everything in life..
Hahahaha!!!

Thanksgiving Talking Points 2014: How to sound like a D.C. insiderBy Emily Heil and Helena Andrews November 26 Follow @emilyaheil Follow @helena_andrews
You’re close to power — now prove it at the holiday table. (Yuri Grupas/Reuters)
Now that half your family is hooked on “Scandal” and “House of Cards,” it seems that everyone at the Thanksgiving table’s an expert on the ways of Washington. But this year’s trip home for the holiday is your big chance to be the real Beltway authority, the final word on what’s actually happening in the marble corridors. No matter that your biggest brush with power has been spotting a Cabinet secretary at the Whole Foods — as far as your second-cousins know, you’re rubbing elbows with the elite on the regular. All it takes is some name dropping, a bit of jargon — and these talking points, the Reliable Source’s ninth annual list.
Last resort: If things get really awkward at dinner, and you need a quick escape, have your bestie call your mobile; take the call, motioning hopelessly to your family and answering with a cheery, “Oh, hello, senator!”
Fact-checking the TV version of D.C.
“No, I’ve never been to Freddy’s BBQ Joint, dad. Well for one, it doesn’t exist.”
“If anyone in Washington would have a doorman, it’d be Olivia Pope. How the heck do people keep sneaking inside her apartment?”
“I keep telling the producers that ‘Homeland’ would be more accurate if they could get the NSA to listen to DiFi’s phone calls.”
Midterms… and 2016 
“I’ll carve the turkey. I was discussing pig castration with Joni Ernst and picked up some great knife-skills tips.”
“Forget Jeb and George P, the future of the Bush dynasty rides with Marvin.”
“Hillary Clinton is absolutely without a doubt definitely going to run. My Drybar stylist’s Solidcore instructor overheard Michelle Obama talking about it on her way out.”
Career moves
“Awkward times for David Gregory.  His family said they were pursuing other dining options this Thanksgiving and wished him the best in his future holiday meals.”
“I hear Jay Gruden will replace Chuck Hagel. He has experience dealing with a dysfunctional defense.”
“It’s Loretta Lynch, grandma. Lynch. The president did not nominate the ‘Coal Miner’s Daughter’ to be AG.”
Behind the headlines
“I told Michelle and Valerie —  I know those crash boxes at the White House front door are annoying and always giving off false alarms, but you just never know when they are going to be important.”
“Say what you will about Marion Barry, the guy knew how to throw a New Year’s Eve party.”
“This year was great for my Netflix queue — all Congress did was rename post offices so I had a lot of time to kill.”
Washington Post under Bezos
“We’re hoping for free Kindles as a holiday bonus.”
“Word is they’re working on drone delivery of the Sunday edition.”
Bonus Round!
The question: “So, when are you planning to have kids?”
Deflect the nosy relatives by demonstrating your Jedi-like mastery of these Washington skills.
Drown them in  data: “Did you know that between 6 percent of married women ages 40 to 44 have no children in their households? That’s a small but statistically significant jump since 1988, when the percentage was only 4.5. More gravy?”
Flattery, then distraction: “Well, you’re already everyone’s favorite aunt, so… oh, is ‘It’s a Wonderful Life?’ starting?”
Ignore the question, and answer the question you wanted to hear: “You know, I would love some more wine, thank you.”
Read more Reliable Source: 

This Frying Pan Is A Work Of Artreddit
Kodo Kiyooka stumbled into a good thing by chance. It happened that one day he was hungry and tired, and wanted to make a simple dish that wouldn't require much cleaning. A trained ceramicist, he thought to use an art piece he had made, as a combination pan-plate. The irony is that the object was a pan, heat resistant even, but in the tradition of the Duchampian readymade , created for a life of beautiful idleness.
A frying pan by the Japanese artist Kodo Kiyooka, who prides himself on making art that is also functional.
Putting the pan sculpture to use was a good decision. The simple but subversive act impressed Kiyooka's gallerist friends, who began to show the art pans -- now used as regular pans -- as art. The vessels are now meant primarily "for every day use," Kiyooka wrote via translator, in an email to HuffPost, but they double as "tools of self expression."
Known today as the "Frying Pan Man" in his native Japan, Kiyooka has built a reputation by relentlessly perfecting the form of humble domestic tools, with 12th century techniques. He uses one of the oldest gas kilns in Japan to fire his materials, those being good quality sandy clay and organic glazes. His command over form and color recalls the words of Walter Gropius, founder of the Bauhaus movement, who in his 1919 manifesto famously claimed there to be "no essential difference between the artist and the craftsman."
Kiyooka's favorite glazes are carefully chosen. Sabiyuh, rust-colored and made of straw ash, brings out the iron in the clay; aohai, a plant-and-mineral based ash glaze, comes out blue. The goal with each piece (including bowls, mugs and pitchers) is to give the impression of something unbelievable: iron flowing out of clay.
The upshot is a line of kitchen items so carefully considered they " blossom into art ," to cop a phrase from Gropius. Take Kiyooka's calling card, the frying pan. The bulk of the shape is a perfect circle with a vertical rim, as clean of line as a box by Donald Judd, the American minimalist. The miracle is of an object Platonically rendered, just as Judd's boxes elevate a simple form by magnifying it. (You could even say, if you were a dad, that the frying pan-ness of Kiyooka's frying pans hits the viewer like a frying pan to the face.)
Gropius would surely be proud. The German artist was inspired by the self-empowerment of his country's working class post-World War I. He thus adopted the rhetoric -- and punctuation marks -- of a revolutionary. The end hope, he wrote in his manifesto, was no less than the creation of "a new guild of craftsmen without the class distinctions that raise an arrogant barrier between craftsman and artist!" By his reckoning, all work is craft until touched -- through no effort by the worker -- by "the grace of heaven."
Consequently, a skilled potter like Kiyooka deserves the same respect as a blue chip sculptor. Make no mistake: this is a kumbaya-spirited ethos, the kind a third grade art teacher might insist on, but few top gallerists practice.
Anyone who's walked into a major museum in the past decade knows the reverse to be true. As traditional art has diversified, so too has the line brightened between it and craft: the difference, it seems, depends on who is making the work. Those who make their own goods are artisans. But as the operations of the artworld's most powerful prove (see: Jeff Koons, Damien Hirst, or really any of Larry Gagosian's current and former friends ), the label of "artist" has come to mean the person who doesn't use his hands. Instead, the artist oversees armies of artisans , who hammer out their bosses' visions the way Chinese workers serve the dreams of the late Steve Jobs.
Where does this leave Kiyooka? His devotion to his craft, echoed in a passionate aside via email on "weight, balance and thickness," is a Bauhausian triumph. So is his response. Channeling Gropius, he proposed that he is neither artist nor artisan but "some of both."
More:

E.J. Biggers ruled out for Sundays gameBy Mike Jones November 29 Follow @mikejoneswapo
E.J. Biggers (30) will sit out of Sunday’s Skins-Colts game. (AP)
The Redskins have ruled out cornerback E.J. Biggers for Sunday’s game at Indianapolis because he is still suffering from symptoms stemming from the concussion he suffered last week.
On Friday the team had listed Biggers as questionable, although Coach Jay Gruden described him as a longshot to play.
Biggers, who left the first quarter of last Sunday’s game with a concussion, didn’t practice at all this week.
Biggers has served as the third cornerback this season, joining starters David Amerson and Bashaud Breeland on the nickel packages, covering the opposing slot receiver.
Washington defensive coordinator Jim Haslett could use safety Trenton Robinson as his top nickelback, as he did last week, with Biggers sidelined.
First-year players Chase Minnifield and Greg Ducre are the only other healthy cornerbacks on the roster. But both have worked primarily on the outside positions during practices.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Reliance MIP: For that steady dividend streamThis fund helps you edge past inflation without taking too much risk
November 29, 2014:  
Want a steady flow of income but can’t take high risks?
Reliance Monthly Income Plan (MIP) serves the cause well. It invests in debt to the tune of close to 80 per cent of its portfolio while parking the rest in equity.
The scheme has been extremely regular in paying out dividends in both its monthly as well as quarterly options. It has also been able to deliver 2-3 percentage points higher than its category over the long term.
With expectations of the RBI cutting interest rates, the 10-year G-Sec has already rallied substantially, with yields dropping from 8.8 per cent levels to around 8.15 per cent.
Reliance MIP has been able to ride the debt market well across interest rate cycles and benefit from bond price rallies.
The scheme has delivered 24.3 per cent returns over the last one year and a healthy 10 per cent annually over the past five years.
It has been able to do better than peers such as DSPBR MIP, Franklin MIP and Birla Sun Life MIP Plan II – Savings 5. Investors can buy the units of the fund and take the dividend option for regular payouts.
Higher taxes not a worry
Recent Budget announcements will keep investments in debt funds locked for three years to qualify for long-term capital gains. Also, the tax on dividend payouts is higher at around 28 per cent, up from 22-23 per cent earlier. This should not be a dampener as a longer lock-in would give time for the equity component to play out, besides giving indexation benefits.
Additional taxes notwithstanding, it would still be better to stick to a product that may help you edge past inflation without taking heavy risks.
Across rate cycles, whether in the turbulent times of 2008-09, 2011-12 or in the choppy bond markets of 2013, Reliance MIP has been a consistent performer.
It actively manages the duration of its portfolio so that it is able to take the right yield call.
The fund’s current yield-to-maturity (YTM) is at a healthy 9.25 per cent. It has increased the maturity profile from 6.8 years to 8.9 years over the past couple of years.
In its debt portfolio, sovereign bonds account for nearly 30 per cent of the portfolio.
Highly-rated corporate bonds of Reliance Jio Infocomm, Kotak Mahindra Prime, IDBI Bank, Tata Motors and Sesa Sterlite, among others, find place in the portfolio. Although equity exposure is taken to the tune of 20 per cent, it is fairly diffused and spread across 25 stocks. The portfolio does not carry heavy risks.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

National confederation of ITeS employees unions launchedNational confederation of ITeS employees’ unions launched
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
(From right) B. V. Sudhakar, Post Master General, AP & TS Circle; Bandaru Dattatreya, Minister of State for Labour & Employment; and Christopher NG, Regional Secretary of the Union for ITeS Professionals (UNITES), releasing a special cover on the ocassion of the founding of the National Confederation of UNITES in Hyderabad on Sunday . - P.V. Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Nov 30:  
With a view to address various employee-related issues, a national confederation of the Union for ITeS Professionals (UNITES) has been launched.
The National Confederation of UNITES is the coming together of registered unions from Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu.
“It is the collective voice of information and communication technology (ICT) employees and will work towards ensuring high ethical standards and welfare of employees in this sector,’’ Karthik Shekhar, General Secretary, UNITES Professionals (India) told newspersons on the sidelines of a founding conference here on Sunday.
The IT-enabled services (ITeS) industry in the country needs a different approach to employee-management relations for better human capital. The confederation will focus on a health and safety strategy, education, training, employee retention policies, healthy environment, social protection and non-discrimination at work, among others, he said.
The one-day conference was attended by 300 participants from across the country.
Headquartered in Bangalore, UNITES was founded in 2005 in Mumbai and now operates in six States.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Hughes s adopted town Adelaide can now host ...You are here: Home > Collections
Phillip Hughes's adopted home town of Adelaide can now host first Test
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 04.28PM IST
Tags:
Adelaide
(Cricket Australia yesterday…)
SYDNEY: The first Test between India and Australia may be shifted from Brisbane to Adelaide, the adopted home town of Phillip Hughes , providing both teams more time to come to terms with the tragic death of the cricketer who was to turn 26 today.
The 'Sydney Morning Herald' has reported that Adelaide, which was scheduled to host the second Test from December 12-16, could be the opening match of the four-match series.
The funeral of Hughes, who died after being hit by a bouncer during a domestic game, will take place in the sports hall of his old High School in Macksville, New South Wales on Wednesday.
The report further suggested that the Brisbane Test, supposed to take place from December 4, could be accommodated between the Adelaide Test and the Boxing Day Test (December 26-30). Hosting the match is also possible after the Sydney Test (January 3-7) , which precedes the ODI tri-series starting January 16.
Cricket Australia yesterday postponed the Brisbane Test to an unspecified date to give players more breathing space after Hughes' funeral.
CA CEO James Sutherland had said: "These are extraordinary circumstances and we simply couldn't or wouldn't expect our players to be emotionally ready to start a Test match the day after farewelling (sic) one of their teammates. Their welfare is our absolute priority. They are grieving and to expect that they could play a high-pressured, five-day Test match the following day is out of the question."
"We appreciate the incredible understanding and support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India. It has been nothing short of outstanding during these difficult times," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cricket umpire dies after being hit by ballMore
Israeli umpire dies after being struck by ball
An Israeli umpire was killed when he was struck by a ball during a league game in the port city of Ashdod, just south of Tel Aviv.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 30 Nov, 2014 1:56 PM IST
Tweet
0
A hard game played with a hard ball.An Israeli umpire was killed when he was struck by a ball during a league game in the port city of Ashdod, just south of Tel Aviv. The incident comes even as the cricket world mourns the passing of Australia batsman Phillip Hughes this week from head injuries after being struck by a ball.
During the league game in Ashdod, after the ball was hit by the batsman, it ricocheted off the stumps and struck the umpire, Hillel Awasker. Israeli newspaper Haaretz quoted medics who tried to resuscitate Awasker as saying that he suffered a heart attack after being hit by the ball. Awasker was taken to hospital in a critical condition, and medics were unable to revive him.
Awasker, 55, was a former captain of the Israel team, and had represented Israel in five ICC trophies since 1982. His last matches for Israel were in division two of the European Championships in 2006. A left-arm spinner and hard-hitting top-order batsman, he had the local league record for the highest score, 244 not out, scored for the Ashdod A side.
Awasker held a degree in Business Administration, and was married with two daughters.
"The cricket family bows its head over the passing of Hillel. This is a tragedy for his family and for cricket in Israel," Naor Gudkar, CEO of the Israeli Cricket Association, was quoted as saying by the Jerusalem Post. "This is a one-in-a-million accident. It happened a few days ago to an Australian player and I don't know how it has arrived at our doorstep.
"I'm sure world cricket will look into what happened last week and we will also investigate the incident, but I'm not sure there was anything we could have done as we act according to all the rules and regulations."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

PV Sindhu Defends Macau Grand Prix Gold TitleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GM food crops: High Level Committee proposes overhaul of regulatory systemagricultural research and technology
Suggests setting up of special environment courts
The government-appointed High Level Committee (HLC) to review environmental laws, while proposing a near complete overhaul of the regulatory system, has sounded a note of caution on genetically modified (GM) food crops.
In a report submitted recently on its review of six laws, the HLC headed by former Cabinet Secretary T.S.R. Subramanian, said the potential consequences of mindless use of science and technology could possibly be illustrated by referring to the potential for medium/ long-term adverse affects through unprepared introduction of GM food crops. While other Ministries naturally would aggressively push for early field trials and induction, the HLC said the role of the Environment Ministry may have to be one of being a Devil’s Advocate to advise due caution. It said that Europe does not permit field trials, and that the average Indian farm is of very small size (which could lead to severe adverse impact on biodiversity through gene-flow) and also noted that there are no independent expert agencies in the country, and perhaps the Ministry of Environment may ask for greater assurance in respect of potential adverse effects in the medium and long run. The HLC takes this aspect of assurance and good faith further in its new proposed law, the Environment Laws (Management) Act (ELMA). The new law prescribes new offences, as also for establishing special environment courts presided over by a session’s judge and higher penalties.
The proposed new law will have an overriding effect on all other relevant laws. However, the proposed legislation prescribes that the application for environmental clearances expects the applicant to be honest and truthful — the concept of ‘utmost good faith’ is statutorily introduced, and the consequences of breach are also set out.
The Committee which was criticized for inadequate consultation and its brief time frame of three months, however, felt that most pending issues were addressed constructively, and equally a roadmap has been suggested for continuous monitoring of the legal, legislative and management framework in this field. It noted that among the most important gaps in the present regime, the issue of enforcement of conditions of approval remains nearly totally unattended and needs to be addressed effectively. It called for the setting up of a new All India Service called the Indian Environment Service. The present monitoring regime is heavily dependent on field verification through ‘inspectors’. It also noted that the cause of environment preservation is not adequately met by the present monitoring methods.
The HLC has said forest areas with 70 per cent or more canopy cover and protected areas should be notified as ‘no go’ areas and suggested a slew of other measures for forest protection. However, it said that where there are considerations of national interest and issues relating to safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country, activities may be permitted in such areas subject to the prior and specific approval of the Union Cabinet.
In keeping with the Centre’s desire to dilute the Forest Rights act (FRA), the HLC has said that for linear projects, it is recommended that FRA needs amendment to consider removal of the condition of Gram Sabha approval. However, there is already an order from the Eenvironment Ministry to this effect. It said that forest and environmental clearances should time bound and streamlined.
While environmentalists have fought for increased regulation in wildlife areas during festivals, the HLC says India has a varied and glorious cultural tradition. While there are many national festivals, there are also localised festivals which are of great local importance in different States. Nature and animal worship has been part of the national culture. Thus, for example Nag Panchami in many States is celebrated and snakes worshipped during five days in Shravan month, as a “thousands years-old’ tradition. It is to be noted that the snakes are never harmed — indeed are worshipped during this period. A dispensation in the various Schedules should be permitted to take into account such local practices, and reflect them in their approved schedules, through gazette notification, the HLC said.
It called for Wildlife Management plans to be made mandatory, the demarcation of eco sensitive zones to be enforced around all protected areas and proposed the banning of polythene bags and plastic bottles into Protected areas. It has proposed to create new agencies, the National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) at the national level and the State Environment Management Authority (SEMA) for each State as the pivotal authorities to process applications for a one-window composite environmental clearance. The NEMA and SEMA will replace the Central Pollution Control Board and State Pollution Control Boards.
On the question of public hearing, the HLC recommends that the method of public consultation prescribed in the existing notification should continue with the modification that only environmental, rehabilitation and resettlement issues are captured in the public hearing. A mechanism should be put in place to ensure that “only genuine local participation” is permitted. The extant provision of dispensing with public hearing should be continued only in respect of situations when it is reported that local conditions are not conducive to the conduct of hearing, or in the matters of projects of strategic importance and national importance. There is no necessity for public hearing in locations where settlements are located away from the project sites.
It also takes away the role of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) which under the proposed ELMA, will only be able to judicially review the decision of Appellate Boards. The Special Environment Courts shall dispose of cases expeditiously and normally within six months. Aggrieved parties may approach an appellate board presided over by a retired high court judge. The HLC also called for streamlining of the assessment process, preparation a perspective coal plan from a sustainable point of view, creating an Environment Reconstruction Fund for facilitating research, standard setting, education and related matters, and putting in place systems for managing solid waste.

Amit Shah s rally will sound poll bugle for 2016 elections: BJPThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear ipo genius bro ! that(1500) is the basic minimum that i think in ...Platinum Member
4592 Followers
Since I am invested here , I will welcome all the higher moves in the price.But I feel it will consolidate more here.740 is a strong support though .But we can not rule out sideways consolidation in Granules.
I will be a very happy investor if I can sell Granules above 1500 !!
In reply to : countryman message
3.14 PM Nov 30th

I would like to bring the following positives of cp to the investors n...149 Followers
I would like to bring the following positives of CP to the investors notice :
1) It is a DEBT FREE Co. with a small Eqt Cap. and paying regular Taxes and declaring Dividends.
2) At CMP the P/E is 14.21 only, where as the Average Industry P/E is 92.18, leaving great scopes for Share Price appreciation.
3) The Co. is growing with every Quarter. The New Guwahati Plant will further add to the Top Line and the Bottom Line.
4) At CMP the share is available below 3 times of its Book Value, which is certainly a good bargain.
5) VERY HIGH OPM (27.24%) and NPM (18.15%) will take the Share Price to great heights.
6) FIIs have taken up more than 10% of the Equity, as the management is honest and reliable.
7) BUY AND HOLD FOR LONG TERM to see your Capital multiply.
In reply to : bsb4580 message
8.32 PM Nov 30th

Can you give those guys ids i will ask them right away. just 2 to 3 g...New Member
16 Followers
dear Ashok ji..I have been following Arvindji since last 9 months. I entered in JAgsonpal Pharma at 22 levels when i read one of arvindji`s msg that he had himsel entered at 18 levels. UI had purchased some 55 shares on his recos and u see today it is jhooming.. SO please dont doubt his skills. true at his suggested price very few people get hold of his stocks but eventually they give u 100% return over a time frame of 6 to 12 months. And even if he is wrong or he is lying as u have concluded..still you have no right to talk to any1 in this manner. please have some decency first sir only then have the courage to pin-point others.
Wish u all the best for ur future
In reply to : ashok2kumar message
4.00 PM Dec 1st

Anyways best lucks to u ashok kumar ji god bless u !Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Twitter Exec. Accidentally Tweets Private Direct Messagereddit
If this doesn't convince you that Twitter's confusing, nothing will.
The social media company's chief financial officer, Anthony Noto, accidentally sent a private message publicly on Twitter. Noto tweeted the following private message on Monday: "I still think we should buy them. He is on your schedule for Dec 15 or 16 -- we will need to sell him. i have a plan."
The tweet was quickly deleted, but Fusion's Kevin Roose caught it:
Looks like Twitter’s CFO just had the first-ever M&A DM fail. pic.twitter.com/AuLxVOBJED
— Kevin Roose (@kevinroose) November 24, 2014
Twitter confirmed to Bloomberg News that the message was intended as private.
If Twitter's chief financial officer can't understand the difference between private messages and public ones, what hope do the rest of us have? The company's CEO, Dick Costolo, admitted last year that many people find Twitter confusing .
Noto seems to be discussing some sort of deal or acquisition, and some have taken to speculating about what the deal could be.
Lucky for Noto, there are a lot worse things that have been sent publicly on Twitter. Need we remind everyone of Anthony Weiner ?
More:

Walmart Workers Launch Black Friday StrikeWalmart Workers Launch Black Friday Strike
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Kicking off the third consecutive year of protests, Walmart workers in six states have formally submitted strike notices to their bosses ahead of the Black Friday shopping frenzy, calling for higher wages and better hours, according to OUR Walmart, the group representing the workers.
OUR Walmart did not provide an estimate on how many workers planned to take part in the strikes this year. It did, however, say that workers in Wisconsin, Louisiana, Florida, California, Maryland, Virginia and Washington, D.C., have already delivered notices, and it anticipates workers in Illinois, Minnesota, Texas and Pennsylvania will do so as well.
Charles Brown, an OUR Walmart member who unloads trucks at a Walmart in Newport News, Virginia, said he plans to miss three shifts this week to take part in the demonstrations. Brown said he joined the group in September to demand a greater say in scheduling as well as "more respect" from management.
"Some [other workers] may want to do a strike as well but are hesitant," said Brown, 27. "They need to know they don't have anything to be afraid of. If we don't stand up, no one else is going to stand up for us."
Black Friday has become an annual rallying cry for the anti-Walmart crowd, with labor activists and other progressives pillorying the world's largest retailer over its wages and scheduling practices for store employees. It also marks the most contentious week of the year between the Arkansas-based retail giant and OUR Walmart, which is backed by the United Food and Commercial Workers, a union that's been working to organize Walmart employees for years.
Walmart has downplayed the significance of the strikes in years past, noting that they involve just a tiny fraction of the retailer's one-million-plus U.S. workforce, and painted them as union-orchestrated stunts. OUR Walmart tends to put the number of strikers in the hundreds each year, while Walmart puts it more in the dozens.
"Perception is not reality in this case," said Brooke Buchanan, a Walmart spokeswoman. "Year after year we see the labor union and paid organizers promising they'll be out in force. And every year, we see a handful of people at a handful of stores."
Noting that Walmart workers get a holiday bonus, Buchanan also threw this barb at OUR Walmart and UFCW: "Are they going to pay their workers double time for working the holiday?" A union spokeswoman said all employees are salaried and work "as needed," meaning there is no bonus.
The sight of Walmart workers going on strike in the past two years has provided a shot in the arm to the labor movement, even if the numbers aren't large enough to impact sales. Like the fast-food walkouts that have popped up in cities across the country, the Walmart strikes aren't necessarily meant to disrupt the company's operations, but instead to draw attention to the participants' grievances.
This year, the group's members are making a specific demand in the protests: a wage of $15 and "consistent, full-time hours." Not coincidentally, $15 per hour is the same demand being put forth by the fast food strikers, whose movement is billed as Fight for $15 and who are backed by the Service Employees International Union.
OUR Walmart members have also been calling for an end to what they describe as retaliation from management for speaking out.
Since the strikes began in 2012, UFCW has filed a host of unfair labor practice charges against Walmart with the National Labor Relations Board, some of which the board's general counsel found merit in, some of which it did not. The general counsel issued a complaint in January alleging that Walmart had illegally punished workers in several states surrounding the strikes. That case has not yet been resolved.
OUR Walmart, in turn, has faced a number of court injunctions barring its members from protesting on Walmart property in certain states due to trespassing.
Many of the protests have focused on a lack of stable hours for workers, who say they don't get enough time on the schedule in order to make ends meet. Walmart says that a majority of its workforce is full-time, though it doesn't provide an exact percentage. The company recently launched a program aimed at giving more hours to the workers who need them, though it insisted the program was not a response to the protests.
Glova Scott, an employee at a Walmart in Washington, D.C., said she has already called in to her store and told them she won't be coming in this week. Scott said she's been working for Walmart for a little over a year but just joined OUR Walmart a week and a half ago. Fifty-nine years old, she earns $10.90 an hour stocking shelves on the night shift.
"It's hard. We work in an atmosphere where the pay doesn't make ends meet, and a lot of my co-workers think the solution is to look for another job rather than try to improve conditions," said Scott. "I joined because I wanted to be part of a movement. I'm looking forward to going back to work and encouraging my co-workers to join me."
Also on HuffPost:

Black Friday Is A Huge Day For Firearm SalesBlack Friday Is One Of The Busiest Days For Gun Purchases
 | By                                                                By MATT STROUD
Updated:
11/26/2014 12:59 pm EST
Black Friday deals push the National Instant Criminal Background Check System to perform 2 checks per second. | Scott Olson via Getty Images
reddit
BRIDGEPORT, W.Va. (AP) — More gun sales than ever are slipping through the federal background check system — 186,000 last year, a rate of 512 gun sales a day, as states fail to consistently provide thorough, real-time updates on criminal and mental histories to the FBI.
At no time of year is this problem more urgent. This Friday opens the busiest season for gun purchases, when requests for background checks speed up to nearly two a second, testing the limits of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, or NICS.
The stakes are high: In the U.S., there are already nine guns for every 10 people, and someone is killed with a firearm every 16 minutes. Mass shootings are happening every few weeks.
"We have a perfect storm coming," FBI manager Kimberly Del Greco told The Associated Press during a rare glimpse into the inner workings of the system.
Much of the responsibility for preventing criminals and the mentally ill from buying guns is shouldered by about 500 men and women who run the system from inside the FBI's criminal justice center, a gray office building with concrete walls and mirrored windows just outside Bridgeport, West Virginia.
By federal law, NICS researchers must race against the clock: They have until the end of the third business day following an attempted firearm purchase to determine whether or not a buyer is eligible.
"They won't proceed or deny a transaction unless they are ABSOLUTELY certain the information they have is correct and sufficient to sustain that decision," FBI spokesman Stephen G. Fischer told the AP.
In roughly two percent of the checks handled by the FBI, agents don't get this information in time. If three business days pass without a federal response, buyers can legally get their guns, whether or not the check was completed.
Americans are buying more than twice as many guns a year now as they did when the background checks were first implemented in 1998. And that means more gun sales are effectively beating the system.
The federal government often takes the heat in debates over gun rights, but the FBI says states are largely to blame for this problem. They voluntarily submit records, which are often missing information about mental health rulings or criminal convictions, and aren't always rapidly updated to reflect restraining orders or other urgent reasons to deny a sale.
"We are stewards of the states' records," Del Greco said. "It's really critical that we have accurate information. Sometimes we just don't."
There are more than 48,000 gun retailers in the U.S., from Wal-Mart stores to local pawn shops. Store clerks can use the FBI's online E-Check System, which federal officials say is more efficient. But nearly half the checks are phoned in. Three call centers — in Kentucky, Texas, and Wheeling, W.Va. — take these calls from 8 a.m. to 1 a.m. every day but Christmas.
NICS did about 58,000 checks on a typical day last year. That surged to 145,000 on Black Friday 2013. They're bringing in 100 more workers than usual for the post-Thanksgiving rush this year.
The call centers have no access to privileged information about buyers' backgrounds, and make no decisions. They just type in their name, address, birthdate, Social Security Number and other information into the system. On Black Fridays, the work can be grueling: One woman took a call that lasted four hours when a dealer phoned in the maximum 99 checks.
"Rules had to be stretched," recalled Sam Demarco, her supervisor. "We can't transfer calls. Someone had to sit in her seat for her while she went to the bathroom."
In the years since these background checks were required, about 71 percent have found no red flags and produced instant approvals.
But ten factors can disqualify gun purchasers: a felony conviction, an arrest warrant, a documented drug problem or mental illness, undocumented immigration status, a dishonorable military discharge, a renunciation of U.S. citizenship, a restraining order, a history of domestic violence, or an indictment for any crime punishable by longer than one year of prison time.
Any sign that one of these factors could be in a buyer's background produces a red-flag, which sends the check to the FBI researchers to approve, deny or investigate. They scour state records in the federal database, and often call local authorities for more information.
"It takes a lot of effort ... for an examiner to go out and look at court reports, look at judges' documents, try to find a final disposition so we can get back to a gun dealer on whether they can sell that gun or not," Del Greco said. "And we don't always get back to them."
These workers have considerable responsibility, but little independent authority. They must use skill and judgment, balancing the rights of gun owners and the need to keep would-be killers from getting firearms.
Researcher Valerie Sargo said outstanding warrants often come up when they examine a red flag, and that can help police make arrests.
"It makes you feel good that this person is not supposed to have a firearm and you kept it out of their hands," she said.
It also weighs on them when the red flags aren't resolved in time. Tacked to a cubicle wall, a sign reads: "Our policy is to ALWAYS blame the computer."
FBI contractors and employees oversaw more than 9 million checks in the first full year, when the NICS system was established as part of Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1998. By last year, they oversaw more than 21 million. In all, only 1.25 percent of attempted purchases are denied. Denials can be appealed.
People can get guns without background checks in many states by buying weapons at gun shows or from individuals, a loophole the National Rifle Association does not want closed. But even the NRA agrees that the NICS system needs better data.
"Any database is only going to function as well as the information contained within," NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam said.
Del Greco doesn't see the states' data improving soon, which only adds to the immense challenge of getting through huge numbers of requisite checks on Black Friday.
___
Associated Press Writer Matt Stroud can be reached through Twitter @mattstroud.
More:

A NATION DIVIDED ON THANKSGIVINGHow Thanksgiving Is Dividing The Nation In Two
Posted:
Updated:
12/02/2014  4:59 pm EST
A Toys R' Us employee explains sale prices to customers on Nov. 28, 2013, in New York. (AP Photo/John Minchillo) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
A single mom in Pennsylvania may skip her family’s Thanksgiving dinner so she can start her holiday shopping early. A newly divorced dad plans on getting out at 6 a.m. on turkey day to buy gifts for his kids. A Best Buy worker in Iowa knows for sure that he’ll be missing his family’s celebration: He has to work.
Welcome to Thanksgiving in 2014, a day that many lower- and middle-income Americans will spend either at work or out bargain hunting.
Nearly 20 percent of people in households making $40,000 a year or less said someone in their family will be working on Thanksgiving, according to a HuffPost/YouGov poll conducted in November. That’s compared to just 11 percent of households earning $80,000 or more.
Even if they could use the extra money -- retailers are typically paying time-and-a-half -- many say they’d rather have the holiday off. Employees at multiple retailers have written to The Huffington Post via email, Twitter and Facebook complaining about having to work on Thanksgiving.
Shoppers looking for deals on the holiday also divide along income lines. Nearly 20 percent of people in households making less than $80,000 said they plan to shop at some point on Thanksgiving, according to the HuffPost/YouGov poll. That’s compared to just 10 percent of households earning $80,000 or more.
While some stores like Walmart and Kmart have opened on Thanksgiving for years, recently more and more retailers have joined in. That means more low-wage workers are staffing stores and more stores are advertising “can’t miss” bargains. Increasingly, Thanksgiving is a holiday that only some can afford to celebrate.
Infographic by Jan Diehm for The Huffington Post. Data from Brad's Deals .
The Best Buy worker in Iowa said he’s realistic about the realities of retail work, like near-minimum wage pay and reporting for duty on Black Friday. But he started to resent cutting his holiday short once his employer began opening at midnight as Thanksgiving ticked over to Black Friday in 2012. This Thanksgiving, Best Buy is opening at 5 p.m. on Thursday.
“I get it they want to make a lot of sales and they want to do well that day,” said the worker, who asked to remain anonymous to protect his job. “I didn’t start getting annoyed until they started opening on Thanksgiving day. Maybe for some stores it was voluntary to sign up, but at my store it wasn’t.”
Best Buy told HuffPost that the chain tries to staff its stores with volunteers whenever possible on Thanksgiving. Employees who do work the holiday will get paid one-and-a-half times their hourly rate, Best Buy spokesman Jeff Shelman wrote in an email. Most retailers open on Thanksgiving have similar policies.
“Many employees want the premium pay and many like to be part of the excitement of the store opening,” Shelman said. “Millions of Americans have voted with their feet and shown that they want to shop on Thanksgiving evening,” he added.
But Ken Perkins, the founder of data firm Retail Metrics, said, “There is a significant element of the shopping population out there who feels compelled to shop on Thanksgiving for financial reasons.”
Linda Hutchinson, the 51-year-old single mother in Pennsylvania, may skip the three-and-a-half-hour drive to Thanksgiving at her sister’s house this year. She wants to make sure she has the energy to go out shopping after her turkey dinner.
Heading to the mall on the holiday “allows you to get things that you probably wouldn’t get otherwise,” she said.
When stores open or offer the best online deals on Thanksgiving day, it creates “enormous pressure” for shoppers trying to find affordable gifts for their families, said Nadja Gutowski, who started a petition last year asking retailers to stay closed on turkey day.
About two-thirds of holiday shoppers live in households with an income of $50,000 or less , according to a recent survey from consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. They’re particularly susceptible to Black Friday promotions because their shopping is largely restricted by affordability.
Paul Driscoll said he always uses Thanksgiving to get deals on gifts for his six kids, ages 6 to 31. In past years, Driscoll has only gone out bargain hunting after Thanksgiving dinner, but this year the newly divorced dad said he plans to head to Kmart at 6 a.m. to get a jump on the sales.
The 49-year-old, who works two jobs himself, said he’s sympathetic to the people who have to staff stores on the holiday. “It is unfortunate people have to work. I know the pay isn’t great,” Driscoll said.
An Illinois Kmart worker, who makes minimum wage, said she was “shocked” when she looked at her schedule and found out she was working on Thanksgiving. She was planning to have about 10 or so people over for dinner.
“I’m supposed to tell them now, ‘No, sorry, you’ve got to find your own thing to do,’” she said.
The 54-year-old worker, who asked to remain anonymous to protect her job, said she was under the impression that seasonal employees and volunteers would be the only ones required to work on the holiday -- that’s how it’s been framed in the media by Kmart brass.
Yet this worker sent HuffPost a photograph of a sign hanging in her break room telling employees they can’t request time off between Nov. 23 and Jan. 2.
These signs telling workers not to request time off during the holidays were sent to HuffPost by a Kmart worker in Illinois, who said the signs were hanging in her break room and were later taken down.
Kmart stores “do their very best” to staff the holiday with seasonal workers and employees who volunteer, a Kmart spokeswoman wrote in an email to HuffPost. The retailer also pays employees who work the holiday time and a half.
“We make every effort to accommodate associate shift requests during this time,” the spokeswoman wrote, adding that the chain has been opening at 6 a.m. on Thanksgiving for four years and has received positive feedback from shoppers.
But the Illinois worker said, “The only thing they asked people to volunteer for is if they wanted to do the overnight. As far as the daytime hours, there was nothing like that at all.”
This year, about 16 percent of employees said they will spend Thanksgiving at work, according to a survey from CareerBuilder.com . If lawmakers and businesses don’t take action, even more people could end up working on the holiday down the line, said Kate Bronfenbrenner, director of labor education research at Cornell University's School of Industrial and Labor Relations.
That’s because many of the fastest-growing jobs, like retail, are characterized by low pay and unpredictable schedules.
“The consumers are also employees in a low-wage economy,” Bronfenbrenner said. “They can’t afford to shop anywhere else.”
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Nov. 19-20 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.
The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. Data from all HuffPost/YouGov polls can be found here .
Ariel Edwards-Levy and Hunter Stuart contributed reporting.
UPDATE: This story has been updated to include the fact that the signs posted in the break room of the Illinois Kmart were later taken down.
Also on HuffPost:

Harmony with stringsmusic
The name of Philips, the veteran guitarist, always figured during my discussions with Radha Vijayan (director of a Music school in Singapore) on those lovely guitar pieces of the film songs of the yore, every time we chat on FB. And it was during the rainy Deepavali week, I met 80-year-old Philips at his house in Beracah Street, off Secretariat Colony. He had spelt magic with his ten fingers in a western instrument, innovatively to record some of the immortal pieces. Settling down, as I sing some of the bits played by him, I could see his eyes glowing.
How was all this possible with no pioneers or peers when he started his career?
“I started playing guitar when I was 12” begins Philips, who hails from a family of musicians. His father, a post master, was also a violinist. Philips says he learnt the guitar, its basics and styles all by himself.
After two years of practice in a hollow acoustic guitar, Philips ventured into playing in films. Music director S. Rajeswara Rao, amazed at his talent, took him into his fold. Despite stout opposition from other music directors, at Gemini Studios, Rajeswara Rao did not budge. Rao thus laid the foundation for a long standing career in film music for Philips. Philips debuted as a guitarist in M.K. Radha ‘s film ‘Apoorva Sagodarargal’.
Soon Philips was getting offers from some of the leading music directors that included K.V. Mahadevan, Visvanathan – Ramamurthy, Sathyam and V. Kumar. His flair for the instrument earned him a special reputation in the field and at a very young age he was allowed to play the guitar portions of a song while scores would be kept ready for other instruments. Initially, for a few years it was his acoustic hollow guitar with which he created wonders.
Listening to American bands through records and radio, Philips went on to create his own version of Electric Guitar. He assembled it with the used items available from Moor Market.
“The old pick up fit in my hollow guitar sounded different when connected to the amplifier. It was a thrilling moment for me on hearing the sound that emanated from the small speaker. I found that the sound varied according to the position of the plectrum on the strings which enabled me innovate new tones.”
Philips composed music for about ten films for Salem Modern Theatres but not in his name and then returned to Madras and began to play for music directors as soloist. Noel Grant, ace drummer, was his close friend in M.S. Visvanathan’s group. Philips suggestions on rhythm patterns were further improvised by Noel, the result of which are the immortal melodies of yore.
He was toast of the music directors from Bombay such as Hemanth Kumar, Madan Mohan, Chithra Gupta and Ravi, who wanted Philips change base to Mumbai. “When I played for Hemanth Kumar’s ‘Miss Mary,’ he was so impressed that he wanted me to be with him always. He even wanted to adopt me as his son.”
On his knowledge of Western music theory, Philip said, “Despite my busy schedule in film recordings I kept reading the theory of Western music with more focus on its rudiments. I took more interest in the science of harmony. Applying whatever I learnt I have helped several music directors during re-recording. To date students of Western music, who want to learn harmony, come home with great enthusiasm but stop abruptly after a few classes because of my austerity towards doing the homework right.” Even some of the leading music directors have learnt the art of harmony from him.
It is interesting to note that Philips was one of the pioneers of forming a musician’s union with formidable rules such as prompt payment upon completion of a recording, compulsory off on Sundays and festival days. Philips recalls, from his memory, names of musicians who had worked with him for MSV- Noel Grant (drums), Mangalamurthy (accordion), Nanjappa (flute), Fobes (violin), Henry Daniel and Joseph Krishna, their sincerity and dedication in giving their best.
The song ‘Avalukenna’ (‘Server Sundaram’) features all these musicians. MSV during his heydays was a hard taskmaster who would leave no stone unturned till he gets what he wanted. During a particular recording, that started at 7 a.m., the work went on till next day morning. Philips pleaded with MSV to let him go but in vain. Finally, when it was pack up, Philips had to rush directly from the recording studio to the church where his wedding was to take place.
Later, Philips worked as an assistant to music director Sathyam. Gangai Amaren who always had a great respect for Philips had him as his assistant for several of his films.
Philips even at this age analyses various music software and keeps working on ‘Sibelius’ but all for personal satisfaction. “There is no end for learning” he says.
I signed off by singing ‘Oru Naal Yaaro’ (‘Major Chandrakanth’).
(This monthly column on celebrities connected to the music world features a tete-e-tete with guitarist Philips this time)

The romance of a writerUpdated: November 27, 2014 19:10 IST
The romance of a writer
SUBHA J RAO
A love story juggernaut: Ravinder Singh with his milling fans. Photo: K. Ananthan
The Hindu
A love story juggernaut: Ravinder Singh with his milling fans. Photo: K. Ananthan
TOPICS
books and literature
Ravinder Singh’s broken heart led to his debut novel that sold a million copies. Will he enjoy similar success with “Your Dreams are Mine Now”?
Ravinder Singh’s life sounds filmy! He found success after crushing rejection, and found love because of a love lost. And today, he is India’s top-billed romance writer, his books having sold two million copies.
The seeds of his success story were sown on a Delhi roadside, on a rainy day, as the crushing words of a publisher rang in his ears. She told him the story he had written as a tribute to his dead girlfriend and submitted for publication, was probably lying in some Delhi dumpyard, rejected. “I was weeping and could not speak, but it killed me that the story I wrote to keep Khushi alive was treated thus,” recalls Ravinder, who was at Odyssey in Coimbatore to promote his book Your Dreams Are Mine Now.
His first novel I Too Had A Love Story (2008), a tear-jerker about Ravin and Khushi and her death in an accident, enjoyed dizzying success. The book is still flying off bookshelves. Ravinder actually found his wife Khushboo thanks to the book. Khushboo had read his book and prayed he find love again, and he did, in her!
How did he and Khushboo deal with the memory of Khushi? After all, she brought them together. “My past is very sacred to me. That’s why I wrote the book. I wanted Khushi to be immortal. And she is. Even now, fans wish Ravin, Khusbhoo and Khushi on social media. They keep her alive. As for Khushboo, I insisted she see Khushi’s photos, know who she was. Even now, when memories of Khushi come up, I talk about them with Khushboo. The past must never be denied,” he says.
For someone who writes romance and has a legion of female fans, Ravinder is practical and seeks logic in everything. He is the son of a priest, but is an atheist. These seeming contradictions endear him to his fans; they see themselves in him. At the Coimbatore launch, about 200 readers queued up inside the book store, jostling for space. They asked him all kinds of questions related to love. “People tend to think I am a love guru. They tell me things they have not told anyone else. My heart is full of their stories. I’m happy they feel free enough to confide their darkest secrets and fears to me,” he says. “And their faith means more than the royalties I get.”
Ravinder was also one of the earliest authors to tap the power of social media. Once he learnt his first publisher would not promote his book, he banked on Orkut to do the talking for him. Feedback poured into his book’s gmail account. Now, his Facebook and twitter handles, which he operates himself, help him stay connected. Ravinder also wanted to do something to make the lives of aspiring writers easier. He started Black Ink, a publishing company, and ran a contest to choose three new authors. The guidelines on the webpage don’t sound officious and guarantee a reply to queries. “I know how rejection feels. And, how it feels when you have to keep calling and when the person at the other end refuses to take your calls,” he says. The first three books under his label will release in the beginning of 2015. “I’ve spent about 10 months mentoring and working with the authors; two of the books are edited and ready.”
This need to connect intimately with his readers is what drives Ravinder to embark on multi-leg book tours. “For my second book, I did 11 cities, for the third 16. This time, I’m visiting 21 cities, not necessarily the metros,” he says. Coimbatore was his fourth stop after Delhi, Jaipur and Kota. He says the experiences are varied. There are people who credit him with saving their relationships and those who find closure because of his books. “Their tears are the best compliment I will ever receive,” he smiles.
Ravinder flaunts his ordinariness. “I’ve never read a book or written anything till I Too… Even now, I don’t read much. I forced myself to read The Fault In Our Stars because people kept speaking to me about it. I loved it, and the movie,” he says.
His books, Ravinder says, are born out of emotions, especially his. But, Your Dreams Are Mine Now was a different ballgame. The trigger was the Delhi gang rape of December 2012 and the public protests that followed it. “For the first time, I was writing about others. And, I felt I had to write it. If Khushi is alive after all these years because of a book, I hope people’s anger will stay alive after this one,” he says. Set in a Delhi college, the story is about Rupali, the ‘shero’, who becomes a whistleblower, and the incidents that follow. The book is also a tragedy, but Ravinder hopes it will result in action for change. “Even now, nearly two years later, we still read about similar incidents; only the cities and levels of cruelty are different. It’s time to let the anger simmer.”
The book, published by Penguin under its Metro Reads imprint, is priced at Rs. 175.

Shoppers Expected To Flock To Stores On ThanksgivingMillions Expected To Shop On Thanksgiving
 | By                                                                ANNE D'INNOCENZIO
Updated:
11/27/2014  9:59 pm EST
A shopper walks through an aisle of Christmas trees and lights displayed for sale at a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. location ahead of Black Friday in Los Angeles, California, U.S., on Monday, November 24, 2014. Retailers are planning to open earlier on Thanksgiving day this year in a bid to draw shoppers. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is making Black Friday, the shopping day after Thanksgiving, a weeklong event this year. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Getty
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Early-bird shoppers headed to stores on Thanksgiving in what's becoming a new holiday tradition.
In the Chicago suburb of Naperville, Illinois, the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store was full roughly 30 minutes before Thanksgiving deals started at 6 p.m., including $199 iPad minis.
In New York City, there were 500 people in line by the time a Target store in the East Harlem neighborhood opened at 6 p.m.
And 200 people rushed in at the Toys R Us in New York City's Times Square when it opened at 5 p.m.
Mary Smalls, 40, was out trying to get all her shopping done on Thanksgiving because she wanted to avoid going out on the day after the holiday that's known as Black Friday.
"I'm going to try to avoid the crowds," said Smalls, who plans to spend $300 to $400 on gifts this year.
Thanksgiving shopping has come a long way. Just a few years ago when a few stores started opened late on the holiday, the move was met with resistance from workers and shoppers who believed the day should be sacred.
But last year, more than dozen major retailers opened at some point on Thanksgiving evening. And this year, at least half of them — including Target, Macy's, Staples and J.C. Penney — opened earlier in the evening on the holiday.
The Thanksgiving openings are one way retailers are trying to compete for Americans' holiday dollars. Used to be that Black Friday was when they'd focus their sales promotions. But increasingly, they've been pushing those promotions earlier on Friday — and eventually into the holiday itself — to grab deal-hungry shoppers' attention.
Bill Martin, co-founder of ShopperTrak, which tracks data at 70,000 stores globally, is expecting a sales increase of 3 percent to 5 percent to $2.57 billion to $2.62 billion on Thanksgiving. Last year's figure grew two-fold from the year before.
The National Retail Federation expects 25.6 million shoppers to take advantage of the Thanksgiving openings, down slightly from last year.
Kathy Grannis, a spokeswoman at the retail trade group, said that earlier promotions in the month and shoppers' uncertainty about when they can get the best deals are factors that could lead to fewer shoppers coming out on the holiday.
Nevertheless, Thanksgiving is starting to take a bite out of Black Friday business. Indeed, sales dropped 13.2 percent to $9.74 billion on Black Friday last year. Analysts said Thanksgiving sales were in part responsible for the decline.
And Gerald Storch, who runs a retail consultancy called Storch Advisors, said stores that open on Thanksgiving get more of their share of sales for the four-day holiday weekend than others who open on Friday.
"That's why they keep doing it," he said. "You have to be first."
Being first can lure shoppers like Raquila Wilkinson, 34, who arrived at the Target in New York at 2 a.m. — 15.5 hours before its 6 p.m. opening. She has been deal hunting on Thanksgiving for a few years now.
"It's a tradition," said Wilkinson. "I look forward to it."
On Wilkinson's shopping list? A 40-inch TV for $119, headphones for $97 and pajamas for $5.
Not every shopper is happy about stores opening on the holiday. A number of petitions have been circulating on change.org targeting Wal-Mart, Target and other retailers for opening their stores on Thanksgiving, or starting their sales that day. Most of Wal-Mart's stores already open around the clock.
Even some shoppers who were out on Thanksgiving felt a tinge of guilt. "I'd prefer to spend the whole day with my family," said Hector Huayamade, 34, who was shopping at Toys R Us in New York while visiting from Florida with his family. "But the stores are open, so we do it."
Not every store was open on Thanksgiving, though. Some, including GameStop, Costco and Ikea, said they wouldn't open because they want their workers to enjoy the holiday.
_________
Mae Anderson in New York and Sara Burnett in Chicago contributed to the report.
_____________
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio at www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio
More:

Novelist P.D. James dies at 94Updated: November 27, 2014 20:04 IST
Novelist P.D. James dies at 94
AP
Author P.D. James during an interview in New York, Nov. 27, 2005. File photo
TOPICS
death
Publisher Faber and Faber says mystery writer P.D. James, who brought realistic modern characters to the classical British detective story, has died. She was 94.
James’ books, many featuring sleuth Adam Dalgliesh, sold millions in many countries and most were just as popular when adapted for television.
The publisher said James died Thursday at her home in Oxford, southern England.
Because of the quality and careful structure of her writing and her rather elegant, intellectual detective Dalgliesh she was at first seen as a natural successor to writers like Dorothy L. Sayers, creator of Lord Peter Wimsey in the between-the-wars “Golden Age” of the mystery novel.
But James’ books were strong on character, avoided stereotype and touched on distinctly modern problems including drugs, child abuse and nuclear contamination.
“She has pushed, as a modernist must, against the boundaries of the classical detective story,” critic Julian Symons once wrote, adding that James could be “formidably realistic in a way that never would have been attempted by Sayers or any other Golden Age writer.”
“The greatest mystery of all is the human heart,” James said in a 1997 interview, “and that is the mystery with which all good novelists, I think, are concerned. I’m always interested in what makes people the sort of people they are.”
Although there was nothing remotely “genteel” about P.D. James’ writing, she was criticized by some younger writers of gritty urban crime novels.
They accused her of snobbery because she said she liked to write about middle-class murderers, preferably intelligent and well-educated, who agonize over right and wrong and spend time planning and justifying their crimes. Dalgliesh of Scotland Yard, hero of more than a dozen of James’ novels, is a decidedly gentlemanly detective, who writes poetry, loves jazz and drives a Jaguar.
Phyllis Dorothy James was born in Oxford on Aug. 3, 1920. Her father was a tax collector and there was not enough money for her to go to college, a fact she always regretted.
Even as a child, she said, she had been interested in death. As a little girl, when someone read “Humpty Dumpty” to her, she asked, “Did he fall or was he pushed?”
But she did not start producing her mysteries until she was nearly 40, and then wrote only early in the morning before going to the civil service job with which she supported her family. Her husband, Connor Bantry White, had returned from the war mentally broken and remained so until his death in 1964.
“It was a late beginning for someone who knew from early childhood that she wanted to be a novelist, and, looking back, I can’t help regret what I now see as some wasted years,” James wrote in a 1999 autobiography, “Time to Be Earnest.”
Phyllis White’s career took her from the National Health Service to the Home Office, where she worked in the forensic science department and then the criminal law department.
In 1980, with the publication of her eighth book, “Innocent Blood,” her small but loyal following exploded into mass, international popularity.
“Monday, I was ticking along as usual, and by Friday I was a millionaire,” she once said.
The Crime Writers’ Association gave P.D. James its Diamond Dagger award in 1987 for lifetime achievement, and in 2005 the National Arts Club honored James with its Medal of Honor for Literature.
Queen Elizabeth II made her Baroness James of Holland Park in 1991, in recognition of her work as a governor of the BBC, a position she held from 1988 to 1993.
James was a member of the Church of England’s Liturgical Commission and expressed doubts about the modernized Book of Common Prayer, the 16th— and 17th—century Anglican service book famous for the beauty of its language.
“Something vital is lost, surely, when ‘Let not your heart be troubled’ is translated as ‘Do not be worried and upset,’” she said.
James was often spoken of as an heir to Agatha Christie and Arthur Conan Doyle, icons of the classic British mystery, but her admirers thought she transcended both.
“Doyle and Christie are genre writers clever, yes, but one must suspend considerable disbelief right from the get-go when reading their works,” said author Anita Shreve. “No such acrobatics are necessary with a James novel.”

Urbanism: the new ideas for city living© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5b532e0-75be-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Camerons return to sense on EU migrationNovember 28, 2014 6:04 pm
David Cameron returns to sense on EU migration
The UK prime minister concedes that he cannot restrict free movement
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2659cfbc-76f1-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S&P downgrades StanChartS&P downgrades StanChart on exposure to credit losses
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75498ca8-7718-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia-exposed banks hit FTSE 100© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ba363f4-6e3b-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Argentina says HSBC aided tax evasionArgentina accuses HSBC of aiding tax evasion
Martin Arnold and John Paul Rathbone in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/298d7e38-76ef-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil Stocks Take A NosediveOil Stocks Take A Nosedive After OPEC Decision
 | By                                                                The Associated Press
Updated:
11/28/2014 10:59 pm EST
Oil pumps work at sunset in the desert oil fields of Sakhir, Bahrain, Tuesday, Oct. 14, 2014.  The price of oil suffered its biggest drop in nearly two years after the International Energy Agency reduced its forecast for demand for this year and next. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $3.90, or 4.5 percent, to close at $81.84 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. That was the biggest decline since November 2012. The closing price is the lowest since June 2012. (AP Photo/Hasan Jamali) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
A renewed plunge in oil prices is a worrying sign of weakness in the global economy that could shake governments dependent on oil revenues. Yet it is also a bonus for consumers as prices fall at the pump, giving individuals more spending money and lowering costs for many businesses.
The latest slide follows OPEC's decision to leave its production target at 30 million barrels a day. Member nations of the cartel are worried they'll lose market share if they lower production.
Partly because of the shale oil boom in the U.S., the world is awash in oil at a time when demand from major economies is weak — so prices are falling. Citibank analysts wrote in a report Thursday that global supplies exceed demand by about 700,000 barrels a day now.
The price of U.S. crude oil dropped $7.54 a barrel, or 10 percent, to $66.15 Friday and is down 38 percent since hitting $107 in June. Brent crude, an international benchmark, fell 3 percent to $70.15 a barrel on Friday.
Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst at the Oil Price Information Service, expects the price to fall by another $5 or $10 a barrel before stopping. "It's that kind of rout," he said.
Overall, the slide is a boon for consumers in oil-importing regions like Asia, Europe and North America. But there are also some possible negatives.
NORTH AMERICA
The U.S. economy will receive an outsized benefit from lower oil prices because the U.S. is the world's largest oil consumer.
U.S. consumers have been surprised and delighted at the lowest gasoline prices since 2010. Drivers in some low-cost states such as South Carolina, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas could see prices below $2, according to Kloza.
The U.S. national average was $2.79 on Friday. Kloza expects gas to eventually be a full $1 per gallon below its June peak of about $3.70 a gallon. That would save typical households $60 a month for those that burn 60 gallons of fuel.
"It's a nice easy, calculation," Kloza says. "These are numbers that we would have regarded three or four months ago as something from the lunatic fringe."
The bottom should come between $2.50 and $2.70 a gallon, Kloza says.
Canadian consumers are also catching a break. In some regions, such as southern Ontario, gasoline could fall below the important psychological barrier of $1 per liter.
The oil companies propelling a production boom in Canada and the U.S. won't be so happy. Crude produced in Canadian oil sands, deep offshore in the Gulf of Mexico and in some U.S. onshore shale formations is some of the most expensive oil to produce in the world.
Drillers will have to cut back at least some activity. Forcing this kind of slowdown may have been part of OPEC's motivation for declining to cut its own production.
WESTERN EUROPE
Many of Europe's economies are net importers of oil, so lower prices are likely to give a welcome, if small, boost to growth. Cheaper energy reduces costs for industry and puts more money in consumers' pockets. That will be particularly useful in the 18-nation eurozone, where unemployment is high.
In Germany, the price of Super E10 fuel has fallen from 1.53 euros per liter ($7.16 per gallon) at the start of September to 1.42 euros per liter ($6.69 per gallon) this week, according to the ADAC motoring association.
Declining fuel prices also, however, add to one of the eurozone's biggest headaches: low inflation. Weak inflation makes it harder for troubled economies like Greece to reduce debt. It is also a problem for the European Central Bank, which wants to boost inflation from just 0.3 percent currently to around 2 percent.
The few European producing countries — mainly Britain and Norway in the North Sea — face a drop in revenues that could balance out the positives of cheaper fuel.
RUSSIA
Russia gets about 50 percent of its state revenue from oil exports, so the government's concerns are clear. The national economy is already sliding into recession under the impact of Western sanctions and investors are pulling money out.
For Russian consumers, the outlook is mixed. Prices at the pump have actually gone up because a drop in the national currency, the ruble, has increased inflation. In local money, 95-octane gasoline costs 35.99 rubles a liter ($2.8 a gallon) in Moscow, up from 35.53 per liter two months ago.
VENEZUELA
Venezuela pushed for an OPEC cut because it badly needs high oil prices to fund its government. The country's oil production has been steadily declining for years so the combination of lower output and lower prices is already squeezing the nation's finances.
Venezuelan drivers won't immediately see a difference in price, though, because gasoline is heavily subsidized. Drivers there pay the equivalent of 5 cents a gallon.
JAPAN
In Japan, which is a net importer of oil, cheaper crude prices have been slow to filter down to consumers. Also, a recent drop in the yen's value will reduce the savings Japan can reap from lower oil prices.
In June, regular gasoline cost $1.40 a liter ($5.29 a gallon) at the Esso filling station in Shimbashi, near the glittering Ginza shopping strip in Tokyo. The price was $1.44 a liter ($5.44 a gallon) on Friday morning.
Prices are expected to fall but that will complicate the government's efforts to end Japan's deflation.
CHINA, EMERGING ASIAN ECONOMIES
The Chinese government adjusts retail prices in line with the global market. As a result, Beijing has cut prices repeatedly this year. On Friday, the highest grade gasoline cost $1.20 a liter ($4.54 a gallon) in the capital, down from $1.35 a liter ($5.11 a gallon) in June. Cheaper fuel would ease financial pressure on manufacturers and small businesses. China's economic growth has declined steadily over the past two years.
Elsewhere in Asia, the impact is varied. In Indonesia, fuel costs have risen because the government has cut subsidies, more than offsetting the decline in global oil prices. The higher prices triggered street protests, so the latest fall in crude prices may help ease tensions.
Malaysia is among the few oil-exporting nations in Asia, so the drop is hurting its coffers. But it is also cutting expensive fuel subsidies.
More:

PM Modi to Follow  Strongman Economics  to Revive Jobs: AmbitBofA-ML Sees 0.25% Rate Cut in February on Easing Inflation
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to follow "strongman economics" associated with emerging market leaders such as Vladimir Putin of Russia, Recep Erdogan of Turkey, Lula Da Silva of Brazil and Kim Dae-Jung of South Korea, says Ambit Capital, a domestic brokerage based in Mumbai.
"Mr Modi symbolises India's formal adoption of this increasingly popular brand of strongman economics which taps into the emotional needs of an emotive country," says Saurabh Mukherjea, who co-authored the report for Ambit.
"Strongman economics" owes its origin to a spate of economic crises such as the East Asian crisis (1997) and the Lehman Crisis (2008), which damaged the credentials of liberal free market economics... It is not linked to any single philosophy and involves implementation of ad-hoc economic policies driven by a hypernationalistic leader, the report notes. (Read: Lehman Collapse: Six Years on India Still Feels After-Effects )
Citing historical data, Ambit illustrates that "strongman economics" results in higher GDP growth and lower inflation. In Russia, consumer price inflation averaged 222 per cent over a 10-year period prior to Putin, but the average inflation during his tenure has been just 12 per cent, the report says.
Similarly, Russia's GDP growth averaged negative 5 per cent in the 10-year period before Putin, but has since risen to a respectable 5 per cent, it notes.
Based on the above analysis, Ambit concludes that the odds are in favour of Mr Modi delivering higher growth and lower inflation in his five-year tenure.
"The assumption of power by the Modi-led BJP government which has achieved a once-in-a-generation simple majority in the Lower House of Parliament is likely to be the catalytic force that triggers this wave of growth," says Mr Mukherjea.
However, like other leaders that followed "strongman economics", Mr Modi will not be able to change the constitution of India's GDP over his five-year reign, the report says. This will be because of his inability to replicate the East Asian Model of growth, which involves export-oriented manufacturing, heavy infrastructure building and urbanization, the report says.
"The East Asian Model of growth...is unlikely to be applicable to India given that India is a democracy with a federal structure which will dilute the pace and effectiveness of reforms," says Mr Mukherjea. (Also read: PM Modi's 'Make in India' Push to Drive Investments, Create Jobs )
That means the share of consumption in India's GDP will continue to decline, while the share of gross capital formation and government expenditure in GDP will continue to rise at the historical pace, the report says.
What does this mean for common investors? Ambit says "strongman economics" will lead to: 1) Rise of light industrial exports and companies like Bajaj Auto, Balkrishna Industries (India's largest tyre exporter) and TTK Prestige (world's biggest pressure cooker manufacturer) will benefit; 2) Rise of aspirational consumption and companies like Supreme Industries, VGurad will benefit; 3) Share prices of "connected companies" facing regulatory/legal challenges will be headed towards zero; 4) Cyclical recovery will benefit lenders and auto companies such as Axis Bank and Eicher Motors; 5) Margins of entrenched incumbents will be under pressure so dominant players such as Hero MotoCorp, HUL will be under pressure.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 13:43 (IST)

The fading SAARC initiativeUpdated: November 29, 2014 00:40 IST
The fading SAARC initiative
politics
In the past six months, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has won praise for several foreign policy initiatives. But across the world, it was Mr. Modi’s decision to invite the SAARC leaders to his swearing-in ceremony that has stood out as a ‘game changer’. While other international forays, to Japan, the U.S. and Australia, and multilaterals such as BRICS, essentially built on the previous government’s efforts, the SAARC invitation was completely Mr. Modi’s own idea, and came when India was at a low ebb with all its neighbours. It is then disappointing to see that just half a year later, the SAARC moment has faded, and the meeting between the South Asian leaders did not produce much more than a few face-saving agreements forged at the last moment. While Nepal was the host of the event, it had been hoped that India’s leadership would squire the event to a more glorious outcome and into a show of real solidarity. One factor adding to the optimism ahead of the event was that along with Mr. Modi, most of the leaders have been elected or re-elected to office in the last two years, and carried their country’s mandate if they agreed to bold measures to achieve the 18th SAARC summit’s theme of “regional integration”. India cannot possibly be blamed for the fact that they did not do so, but it did not expend the required extra effort for that either.
To begin with, Mr. Modi ignoring Nawaz Sharif as the latter walked up to the podium during the inaugural session, set an uncomfortable tone to the entire summit. India and Pakistan have many differences, and Pakistan has much to answer for when it comes to tackling terror, but the lack of basic pleasantries at the inaugural session, when the two Prime Ministers came face to face for the first time since May, effected a chill that was not dispelled even after their very warm handshake at the closing session. Next, China’s attempt to enter the SAARC grouping was opposed successfully by India, but not before differences between member-states over the issue were exposed. India would do well to counterpoise China’s economic weight by engaging its neighbours more deeply to formulate a consensus, instead of being seen as obstructing a closer SAARC-China engagement. This is not unthinkable, as geographically and culturally India has more in common with its SAARC neighbours than China can ever hope to have. The truth is, India comes into its own on the world stage when it carries the neighbourhood with it. That is why Mr. Modi’s out-of-the box ideas of inviting SAARC leaders or of a SAARC satellite are applauded everywhere. Similarly, it will take creative thinking to realise the dream projected by his own words when he spoke at the summit, saying it is not enough to be close, but SAARC countries need to be together too.

Dressing room will never be same without Hughes: Clarkecricket
Captain Michael Clarke on Saturday said the Australian dressing room will never be the same without Phillip Hughes, who had a “cheeky grin” and “twinkle in his eye”.
“Words cannot express the loss we all feel as a team right now,” Clarke said in a statement on behalf of the Australian team.
“To Greg, Virginia, Jason and Megan, we share in the deep pain that you’re feeling.”
Clarke shared how passionate Hughes was for the game of cricket.
“Apart from when he was home on the farm with his beloved cattle, Hughesy was at his happiest playing cricket for his country with his mates. Things were always put into perspective when Hughesy said, ‘Where else would you rather be boys but playing cricket for your country?’
“We are going to miss that cheeky grin and that twinkle in his eye. He epitomised what the baggy green is about and what it means to us all,” he said.
Clarke also said that Cricket Australia has agreed to his request to retire Hughes’ ODI jersey shirt number 64.
“It means so much. His legacy of trying to improve each and every day will drive us for the rest of our lives. We’d like to thank everyone, both here and overseas, for the touching tributes to Hughesy in recent days. Our dressing room will never be the same. We loved him and always will. Rest in Peace, Brussy,” he concluded.

A hole in the narrativeUpdated: November 28, 2014 15:53 IST
A hole in the narrative
ZIYA US SALAM
Dr. S. Chandnibi of Aligarh Muslim University.
The Hindu
The nine foot tall stucco statue of Nandi installed on a twelve foot pedestal about four hundred years ago stands out majestically on the baked clay river bed of Cauvery the lifeline of agriculture in Tamil Nadu. Photo: S. R. Raghunathan
Special Arrangement
Epigraphical Reading in The Chola History. Author: Dr. S. Chandnibi.
TOPICS
history
S. Chandnibi’s book on Chola epigraphy fills a gap in the study of the period
Think history, think of the Mauryas, the Guptas, the Sultanate and the Mughals. Maybe, somewhere down the line sneak in a chapter on the Cholas, and a paragraph or two on the likes of the Pandeyas, the Cheras, the Vakatakas and the rest. Some though have gone beyond this lopsided approach to our history and focussed on the achievements of the Cholas, the empire that lasted more than a millennium. Many years ago, the venerable Nilakant Sastri came up with a landmark study of the Cholas. Recently, S. Chandnibi, an academic at Aligarh Muslim University, concentrated on epigraphical data from the dynasty in her book, “Epigraphical Reading in the Chola History” to reveal to us some of the evidence of the vastness of the empire.
Beyond Nilakant Sastri, not many top historians seem to have focussed exclusively on the Cholas. Your book fills that vacuum. How challenging was it to do a book on the Cholas that goes beyond academic circles?
I dare not to be placed anywhere near K.A. Nilakanta Sastri. He a giant, never left a stone unturned in the field of Cholas, which itself is too big a challenge for anyone to progress further. Next handicap is the sources, where we should look to epigraphy only, as we lack literary sources as compared to contemporary north India. Among the painstakingly copied inscriptions, ASI has published little, and also the efforts of the State government are too little when compared to other neighbouring States. So one has to wait for permission
The Cholas were renowned for local self-administration. Were they the harbingers of local self government in modern India?
We may say so. The ancient north Indian literature refers to republican States and two different houses of the State, viz Sabha and Samithi, and we hardly see its practicality here. But Sabha and its full fledged functions are quite obvious in the regime of the Cholas. In certain issues —irrespective of the difficulties of matching with the exact perspectives of present-day democracy — definitely we are yet to catch up with the Chola system, especially in dealing with corruption in general and politicians in particular. The most amazing aspect was their effort to maintain zero tolerance towards public corruption. Public money swindlers were debarred from contesting the elections for life.
Could you elaborate on the Cholas’ justice system?
It was more practical in a certain sense, like when two brothers fought with each other and one was murdered, the other was exempted from imprisonment taking into account the aged parents left with no other sons; he was left free with a caution to guard his parents. The caste-based justice of Manu did not find routes with the Cholas’ justice. At the village level grievances were dissolved by discussion, unmindful of whether it was day or night. Traditions were given importance but overcome if documental evidence was produced. The various stages of the present system, right from filing a case to the final judgement including the right to appeal, was followed in the Chola judiciary. The king’s court was the only court of appeal. Even the Brahmins were not spared; they were imprisoned, fined, had their property confiscated and were deprived of their professional duties in the temples for generations. Special care was taken to collect the swindled public money. We do not hear about hard punishments like thrashing, being trampled under elephants and amputation. An example is the case of the murder of a prince by a group of Brahmins; the royal authority did not execute them but confiscated all their and their relatives’ property. At the same time, a very little parallel to Manu’s influence could also be felt.
As youngsters we learn about Mauryan Emperor Ashoka’s expedition to Sri Lanka as also the Battle of Kalinga. Yet we are told little about how Raja Raja Chola I’s empire included Sri Lanka as well as Kalinga. How do you explain this dichotomy?
This particular question may open a Pandora’s box. The historians of north India really far exceed in the subject while the south is not yet close to them. Eventually these developments led to a mental picture that the history of north of the Vindayas is the history of the country itself. The historical writings undermined the south and used a blanket term “Indian” — though neglecting the southern touch. I can list at least 50 such books, from my very department’s library . The chapter “Feudalism in South Indian Context” of my book is self-explanatory in this context. Though scholars the world over accept that the so-called undeciphered Harappan script has links to languages of the Dravidian family, we prefer to leave it aside as undeciphered. Though the familiar division of Indian society into four on caste basis has been checked and opposed right from its initiation in the Vedic age, still the basic text books do not show this. All this implies the need for rewriting our history books with absolute objectivity. A senior historian has voiced long back that Indian history should start from the banks of river Kaveri instead of the Ganga.
On similar lines our students are told about southern kings in one single chapter, in which the Cholas, Pandeyas, Cheras are all clubbed together despite the fact that often Cheras, Sinhalas as also the Pandeyas allied against the Cholas. Doesn’t this short shrift to an important Indian dynasty deprive our students of a more balanced representation of our past?
Of course, there is no other dynasty in the whole of Indian history, perhaps the universe, that has survived and continued to rule right from B.C to the 13th A.D — which includes the complete ancient period and partially the medieval one, with ups and downs, except the three, viz the Cheras, Cholas and Pandeyas. The Greek and Roman writers exhibit a sense of fear over the gold drain into these kingdoms caused by the excessive imports in the Augustus Era. The two epics of India, Ramayana and Mahabharata, do refer to them. Some of the tribes in the South East Asian islands go with the names of the three dynasties. Asokan inscriptions refer to them as neighbours, meaning they were independent of the Mauryan yoke. Kharavela of Kalinga perceived the confederation of these three dynasties as a threat. Even in Pakistan, Afghanistan and the land beyond carry these dynastical names as their place names today too. The Cholas were the first to excel in a navy and succeeded in subduing the Far East islands politically, culturally and commercially. Until the advent of the Europeans in sea commerce, the southern powers had both east and west overseas commerce in their hands. Embassies were sent to China as an extension of commerce. The dialogue can go on.
Yes, our younger generations are deprived of a marvellous piece of their history, which is definitely very unfortunate.

Government to Soon Implement Many FSLRC RecommendationsYou are here: Home Industries
Government to Soon Implement Many FSLRC Recommendations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 30, 2014 11:38 (IST)
India to Weigh Gold Policy Impact After Spurt in November Imports
Mumbai: The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
"As the change in process of reform continues ... I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come," Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Mr Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Mr Jaitley said: "Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay."
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 18:17 (IST)

SAIL Offloads Full Stake in Bokaro Cement JV; Gets Rs 235 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
SAIL Offloads Full Stake in Bokaro Cement JV; Gets Rs 235 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 29, 2014 18:48 (IST)
Strides Arcolab Gets USFDA Nod for Calcitriol Softgel Capsules
New Delhi: State-run steel maker SAIL has sold its entire 26 per cent stake in a cement joint venture for about Rs 235 crore to an indirect subsidiary of Dalmia Bharat.
SAIL had formed the 74:26 venture, Bokaro Jaypee Cement, with Jaiprakash Associates to produce 2.1 million tonne cement using slag. Jaiprakash Associates had sold its 74 per cent stake in the venture to Dalmia in March.
"SAIL has on November 28, 2014 sold its entire 26 per cent equity shareholding of 347,49,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each in Bokaro Jaypee Cement. SAIL has received a sum of Rs 234.56 crore as consideration for sale of the above shares," the PSU steel maker said in a statement.
SAIL executed the transaction at Rs 67.50 per share.
Diversified firm Dalmia Bharat has a 30-year clinker supply arrangement with Jaiprakash Associates and 30-year slag supply arrangement with SAIL. Dalmia Bharat Group has an annual cement-making capacity of over 21 MT now.
Story first published on: November 29, 2014 18:47 (IST)

Walmart Black Friday Protests Hit Major Cities With Calls For  $15 And Full TimeWalmart Black Friday Protests Hit Major Cities With Calls For '$15 And Full Time'
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Dirk Rasmussen had Friday off and could have slept in if he wanted to. Instead, the Maryland resident and Teamster rose early and drove to downtown Washington, eager to join a post-Thanksgiving protest against Walmart.
"Our local [union] president encouraged us to take part," said Rasmussen, 58, who works in a lumber and building-supply warehouse. "I raised eight children on a Teamsters benefit package and Teamsters wage. I'm a firm believer in collective bargaining, and I'm very concerned about the security of this next generation."
Black Friday may be most famous for doorbuster shopping deals, but among progressives it's becoming a regular holiday for labor demonstrations. Friday marked the third consecutive year of scattered but highly visible protests against Walmart. Demonstrators, along with an unknown number of Walmart strikers, are calling for better pay and scheduling practices from the world's largest retailer.
On Thursday and Friday, photos on Twitter tagged with #walmartstrikers showed sizable protests in D.C., Pittsburgh, Northern New Jersey, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Calif., and St. Paul, Minn., among other areas. The protests were led by OUR Walmart, a union-backed worker group, alongside community and labor groups in different cities.
100+ stand in solidarity w #WalmartStrikers on thanksgiving in DC pic.twitter.com/Spqc8rsooQ
-- DC Jobs With Justice (@DCJWJ) November 28, 2014
Dan Schlademan, campaign director of Making Change at Walmart, a project of the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, said on a call with reporters Friday that he expects the number of strikers to be in the hundreds by the end of the day, though the group could not provide a specific number of workers who'd submitted strike notices to their bosses.
"All the signs that we're seeing is that this is going to be the biggest day ever," Schlademan said.
Brooke Buchanan, a spokeswoman for Walmart, told HuffPost that the retailer was more concerned with serving its customers than with protests it views as union stunts. According to Buchanan, more than 22 million shoppers came to Walmart stores on Thanksgiving alone this year.
"We're really focused on our customers," Buchanan said. "We've got millions of customers coming in [on Thanksgiving] and Friday, and we're making sure they have a safe and exciting shopping experience."
In D.C., a crowd estimated at 200 to 400 people assembled outside the Walmart store on H Street Northwest, calling on the retailer to commit to "$15 and full time" -- a wage of $15 per hour, the same rate demanded by fast-food strikers, and a full-time schedule for those who want it. One of OUR Walmart's top criticisms of the retailer is that part-time workers don't get enough hours.
The protest was large enough to draw the D.C. police, who stood at the store's doors and dispersed the crowd after about an hour.
Melinda Gaino, an employee at the store, said she would be missing three shifts this week while on strike. Gaino took part in a sit-down strike on Wednesday inside the H Street store, where she and other protesters sat on the floor with tape over their mouths, calling on Walmart to end what they called the silencing of workers.
Gaino, a 45-year-old mother of four, said she joined OUR Walmart in August out of concern with some of the challenges faced by her colleagues. Many workers, she said, don't get enough hours to support their families.
"This has given me more confidence," Gaino, who earns $9.90 per hour, said of going on strike. "I said I've come this far, so I may as well go all in."
Correction: This item originally misstated the number of Walmart shoppers on Thanksgiving.
Nice of @walmart to set up a lovely tableau for #WalmartStrikers ! Roll back? Fight back! #BlackFridayWOA pic.twitter.com/XR0y85co5o
-- Jess Banks (@ProfBanks) November 28, 2014
More:

India Post pockets Rs 280 cr courtesy Flipka...Amazon
(While the amount of revenue…)
NEW DELHI: Within a year of joining the e-commerce bandwagon as a distribution channel, government entity India Post has transacted business worth Rs 280 crore in the Cash-on-Delivery (CoD) segment alone for firms like Flipkart , Snapdeal and Amazon.
While the amount of revenue generated for itself could not be ascertained, government officials said India Post is very keen on developing its e-commerce related services as a major revenue model going ahead.
"India Post collected over Rs 280 crore from consumers and gave it to e-commerce firms, since CoD facility was started in December 2013. The department with its huge network can serve as the best agency for not just delivering products, but also collecting money," a government official said.
However, this is a small chunk of the overall market size for e-commerce in India, which runs into billions of dollars already and is growing at a fast pace every year.
CoD has emerged as one of the most sought after services for e-commerce entities and 50-75 per cent of orders are placed with various online retailers with this payment option, while the remaining opt for credit card or bank payments.
In India, customers tend to prefer CoD as the online payment modes are yet to catch up in many parts of the country while many people are not comfortable with advance payments for products purchased online.
India Post's cash handling services like core banking solutions, money transfer and a robust account system can further help e-commerce firms in collecting cash from users in urban as well as rural areas, the official said.
India Post has about 1.55 lakh post offices, making it the world's largest postal network. On an average, a post office serves 21.21 sq km area and about 7,175 people.
Another official said various e-commerce firms have been using India Posts CoD facility since it was introduced. Firms like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, Shopclues, Naaptol, Telebrands and Homeshop18 are some of them.
India Post has set up booking counters in the premises of some customers like Amazon and Naaptol, while for Snapdeal it is exploring setting up of e-commerce booking kiosks in post office locations.
Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has also said previously that India Post is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players, given its wide reach across rural, urban and semi-urban areas.
The Minister has directed officials from the Department of Posts to focus on opportunities in e-commerce sector.
India Post is also ramping up its infrastructure to grab a major chunk of the distribution, delivery or logistics, which will touch about $9 billion by 2021. According to market experts, e-commerce business in India was about $6 billion in value in 2012 and is expected to touch $76 billion by 2021 of which distribution, delivery and logistics constitutes around 12 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Postgame: Early 2nd-period goal crushed comeback hopes fastBy Alex Prewitt November 30 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Canadian Press, Darren Calabrese)
TORONTO – The Washington Capitals emerged from the tunnel down two goals after one period for the first time since Oct. 14 but still clung to the belief Saturday night would soon turn. They had been victimized by a bouncing puck that ricocheted off one player’s stick, then another’s thigh pad. They had switched goaltenders and inserted their usual starter, hoping to “change the momentum,” as Coach Barry Trotz said later. They had 40 minutes to go in regulation, then maybe more if they fought hard enough. All was not yet lost.
Then, as the puck skirted along the wall, center Nicklas Backstrom tried to break out. Linemates Tom Wilson and Alex Ovechkin had already advanced to the neutral zone. But Backstrom whiffed on his pass, and the Toronto Maple Leafs headed the other way. Defenseman Brooks Orpik misplayed his assignment. The pass snuck through the crease. Twenty-three seconds into the period, the Capitals were behind by three. The momentum, if any existed, was gone.
“Critical time,” Trotz said. “You’re trying to change the momentum, and first shift we turn it over and it ends up in our net. Those are critical moments.”
Plenty of similar moments helped bury the Capitals in their worst loss under Trotz, a 6-2 bludgeoning at Air Canda Centre , but none proved more pivotal than Tyler Bozak’s strike on the counter-rush. After Backstrom’s turnover, James Van Riemsdyk carried the puck up the left side, and goaltender Braden Holtby, summoned into emergency duty after Justin Peters allowed two first-period goals, kept close watch.
Tyler Bozak had a lot of room to work with (Screenshot via NHL.com).
Van Riemsdyk already had gained a head start past John Carlson, who needed to change direction after the failed breakout, and Phil Kessel had a step toward the middle, too. But near the crease, Orpik also needed to mark Bozak, who already had made one swim move to get behind the defenseman. Orpik thought Bozak would muscle back inside. Instead, the winger stayed at the far post. Neither Holtby nor Orpik had a chance when Van Riemsdyk’s pass zipped through.
“I know Holtsie; he’s taking the shooter,” Orpik said. “Just kind of misread where he was going. I thought he was going outside, and he went inside. That’s what I get paid to do. I’ve got to prevent that from happening.
“It wasn’t like we came out flat. It was more, especially when we made that goalie change, looking for a little bit of a momentum shift. That third goal was probably a back-breaker looking back on it. That’s the one I got beat. That’s not a chance you want to give up, especially with a goalie switch coming in there. That’s tough to come back from. If we had kept it at two and kept going the way we were going, probably give us a chance. But that third one is a play I’ve got to make there.”
Toronto’s 31st second-period goal this season led to two more against Holtby, including another from Bozak on the power play. And perhaps the Capitals were already doomed because the Maple Leafs hadn’t lost in eight times when they had scored first and because the Capitals had the NHL’s third-worst record when they allowed the first goal. But they wanted a restart after intermission. Instead, they found more disappointment fast.
“Everyone makes mistakes,” Holtby said. “That happens. That’s not all on Brooks. That’s a turnover. He had more options than just that pass. I tried to take away mine, which was the shot, then in doing so, on a play that’s delicate like that, it puts a lot of pressure on guys in the other situations. It’s a play that we have to eliminate from happening, just down the road.
“You want to take technical things out of every game, but I think the biggest thing we want to take out of it is how to stop the bleeding as quick as we can. A game like this is something we didn’t do very well in that area. We need to find a way to shift momentum in our favor and keep it. After we scored our first goal, we need to find a way to keep moving forward in order to push it. If we want to come from behind, that’s what we have to do.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Gold imports eased  Centre withdraws 20:80 schemeGold imports eased, Centre withdraws 20:80 scheme
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 28:  
Here’s some news that will bring cheer to the gem and jewellery trade as well as their customers. The Centre has withdrawn the so-called “20:80 scheme” and restrictions placed on import of gold.
Apparently, the comfortable position on the current account deficit front and healthy build up of foreign exchange reserves prompted the move. Further, rise in smuggling of gold and loss of revenue to the exchequer due to this could also have led to withdrawal of the scheme as well as removal of restrictions on gold imports.
Great move by Centre to relax 80:20 rule. More supply will stop hoarding. Imports and smuggling will fall, exports will rise.
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) November 29, 2014
Entities involved
Under the “20:80 scheme”, nominated banks /agencies/ premier or star trading houses/ special economic zone units/ export-oriented units were required to ensure that at least 20 per cent of every lot of gold imported into the country is exclusively made available for the purpose of exports and the balance for domestic use.
The scheme was introduced in July 2013 to rationalise the import of gold in any form/purity, including import of gold coins/dore into the country as the country’s current account deficit surged to 4.8 per cent in the April-June 2013 quarter. With all the restrictions imposed on import of gold in 2013 going, gold prices could thaw, say market experts
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Ferguson protesters top TIME s  Person of the Year  poll  Modi comes 2ndFerguson protesters top TIME's 'Person of the Year' poll, Modi comes 2nd
PTI  Washington, November 30, 2014
First Published: 14:07 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:16 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has slipped to the second place in the Time magazine's 'Person of the Year' poll with the Ferguson protesters surging ahead of him in a vote by the readers.
Protesters march during a rally near the Chicago Police headquarters after the announcement of the grand jury decision not to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson. (AP Photo)
As per latest reports, Modi is leading second with 9.8% of the total votes polled so far while the Ferguson protesters are leading with 10.8% of the votes.
Joshua Wong, face of the Hong Kong pro-democracy movement, is placed third.
Nobel Peace prize winner Malala Yousafzai (5.3%) and Russian President Vladimir Putin are placed fourth and fifth respectively.
US President Barack Obama is placed at a distant 11th position with just 2.4% of the total votes.
The annual poll, which is currently underway, is scheduled to end on December 6 and the poll's winner will be announced on December 8.
However, it is the TIME's editors who will choose the Person of the Year, which is scheduled to be announced on December 10.
Till November 26, Modi was leading the polls with 11.1% of the total votes while Ferguson protesters with 8.8% were ranked second.
But support for Ferguson protesters surged after a recent grand jury's decision of not to indict a white police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man which caused an outcry across the United States.
"Ferguson protesters surged ahead this week of the leader of the world's largest democracy," Time magazine said yesterday in a story titled 'Modi Drops From Lead in TIME's Person of the Year Poll.'
"Modi, the newly elected Indian prime minister and leader of the largest democracy in the world, has raised high hopes among Indians that he can invigorate the country's economy and cut bureaucratic red tape that has slowed development in India," the magazine said.

Penguins of Madagascar review by Rashid Irani: Such spy shenanigansDirector: Eric Darnell and Simon J Smith
Actors: Tom McGrath, Benedict Cumberbatch
Rating: 3/5
Over the years, an ever increasing number of A-list actors, ranging from Woody Allen (Antz) to Meryl Streep (Fantastic Mr Fox), have dubbed for cartoon characters in Hollywood movies.
This time, Penguins of Madagascar — the spin-off of the animated comedy-adventure series Madagascar and Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa — has also drafted German filmmaker Werner Herzog to provide voice-over narration.
Celebrated as much for his documentaries as for his fiction features, Herzog had previously pondered over the fate of penguins in the Antarctic-set Encounters at the End of the World. It’s a pity that his contribution to Madagascar is limited to a cameo during the prologue.
A mélange of mayhem and mirth, the story re-introduces us to the flightless bird quartet. Working as covert espionage agents, they attempt to foil the dastardly plan of an octopus (John Malkovich, gleefully over-the-top) determined to rid the world of all penguin-kind.
The fine feathered friends reluctantly join forces with an elite inter-species task force led by a snooty wolf referred to as ‘Classified’ (Cumberbatch).
Co-directors Darnell and Smith keep the pace brisk and the visual and verbal gags flowing. They also make judicious use of the 3D format. Tongue-in-cheek references to the James Bond flicks abound.
With its brightly coloured animation, witty puns and captivating characters, Penguins of Madagascar delivers a fairly entertaining all-ages adventure.
Penguins of Madgascar

Infosys  6 Others Add Rs 47 365 Crore to Market ValueYou are here: Home Market
Infosys, SBI, 5 Others Add Rs 47,365 Crore to Market Value
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 30, 2014 15:43 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: The combined market capitalisation or M-Cap of top seven Sensex companies surged by Rs 47,365 crore in the week to November 28 with State Bank of India (SBI) and Infosys emerging as big gainers.
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HDFC Bank, Coal India Ltd (CIL), ICICI Bank and HDFC were the other five companies that made gains in their market valuation for the week.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) and ITC Ltd were the only companies among the top ten that saw their M-Cap go down in this period.
SBI's M-Cap soared by Rs 12,243.8 crore to Rs 2,39,985.92 crore while that of Infosys rose by Rs 12,239.84 crore to Rs 2,50,323.90 crore.
HDFC Bank's market cap surged by Rs 6,126.86 crore to Rs 2,31,322.85 crore. The M-Cap of TCS went up by Rs 5,249.39 crore to Rs 5,17,711.39 crore.
Similarly, the valuation of Coal India jumped by Rs 4,832.02 crore to Rs 2,24,073.03 crore, followed by HDFC (Rs 4,262.91 crore to Rs 1,82,313.49 crore) and ICICI Bank (Rs 2,410.23 crore to Rs 2,03,130.36 crore).
On the other hand, ITC's market cap tumbled by Rs 10,582.48 crore to Rs 2,89,919.92 crore. Investor wealth in ONGC slipped Rs 3,507.75 crore to Rs 3,24,680.85 crore.
RIL lost Rs 2,134.98 crore to Rs 3,20,520.81 crore in its valuation.
In the domestic market cap ranking, TCS continues to top the list, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HDFC respectively.
The Sensex gained 359.36 points to settle at 28,693.99 over the week.
Story first published on: November 30, 2014 14:26 (IST)

Bhopal tragedy survivors demand panel for rehabYou are here: Home > Collections > Bhopal
Bhopal tragedy survivors demand panel for rehabilitation
PTI Nov 30, 2014, 04.49PM IST
Tags:
bhopal
(Group of survivors of the…)
NEW DELHI: A group of survivors of the Bhopal gas tragedy Sunday said the central government should set up a commission for effective medical care, economic rehabilitation and social support for the victims.
At a press conference ahead of the 30th anniversary of the Union Carbide gas leak disaster, a group of organisations representing the survivors also demanded that the government create a special prosecution cell for speedy trial of the accused Indian corporate officials, including former Union Carbide chairman Keshub Mahindra.
Blaming the US and the Indian governments for aiding a corporate crime, the group demanded additional compensation and cleaning of toxic contamination in Bhopal.
"Union Carbide and Dow Chemical (should) answer criminal charges and obey Bhopal court's summons, pay additional compensation, and arrange for clean up of the toxic contamination in Bhopal," the group said in a statement.
"The US government should acknowledge and express regret for financing the hazardously designed Union Carbide plant in Bhopal through the Exim Bank ," the statement said.
"The US government should also express regret for refusing to extradite prime accused Warren Anderson, who died while absconding from Indian courts," it added.
The organisations called upon the government to move on the extradition of Union Carbide secretary John McDonald, and not allow Dow Chemical to make any investment in India until it accepts Union Carbide's liabilities in Bhopal.
Some of the notable achievements of the struggle of the survivors in the last four years include completion of a project for supply of clean drinking water to 50,000 residents of communities suffering from contaminated groundwater in August this year, Dow Chemical's withdrawal of its corporate logo from the Olympic stadium wrap in 2012, the blacklisting of Dow Agrosciences by the government in 2011, and most recently, the summoning of Dow Chemical to the Bhopal district court.
The organisations that have been working together for the last five years are holding a "festival of alternatives" till December 2, showcasing sustainable solutions in healthcare, energy, education, livelihood and agriculture.
A total of 46 organisations from across the country are participating in the festival.
Members and supporters of the survivors' organisations will take part in a torchlight rally December 2 and a rally to the Union Carbide factory in the city December 3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air India plane s tyre gets deflated after landing at JodhpurNov 30, 2014 at 05:51pm IST
Air India plane's tyre gets deflated after landing at Jodhpur
48
0
Jaipur: A tyre of a Delhi-bound Air India plane from Mumbai, with around 100 people onboard, was found deflated after it landed at Jodhpur, following which the flight was briefly stalled.
The flight (AI-476) operating on Airbus 319 aircraft on Mumbai-Delhi via Jodhpur route landed safely at Jodhpur airport this afternoon, but when it was to take off for Delhi one of its tyres was found deflated, Jodhpur Police Commissioner Ashok Kumar Rathore said over phone, quoting airport officials.
An Air India spokesperson in New Delhi confirmed the incident saying one of the plane's tyre got deflated after landing.
An Air India spokesperson in New Delhi confirmed the incident saying one of the plane's tyre got deflated after landing.
Spare tyres along with engineers and technicians were sent from Delhi by another plane, following which it was repaired, and it departed for its destination after a delay of about four hours, he said.
85

Petrol price cut by 91 paise a litre  diesel by 84 paise with effect from Sunday midnightNov 30, 2014 at  06:26pm IST
Petrol price cut by 91 paise a litre, diesel by 84 paise with effect from Sunday midnight
91
0
New Delhi: Petrol and diesel prices are likely to be cut by 91 paise and 84 paise a litre, respectively.
Petrol and diesel price reduction will be effective from Sunday midnight, Indian Oil Corp, the nation's largest fuel retailer, announced.
In Delhi, petrol price will cost Rs 63.33 a litre as compared to Rs 64.24 per litre previously while in Mumbai the reduction will be 96 paise to Rs 70.95 per litre.
Rates differ from state to state due to differential local sales tax or VAT rates.
Diesel will cost Rs 52.51 a litre in Delhi from Monday as against Rs 53.35 currently while in Mumbai the price will be cut by 93 paise to Rs 60.11 per litre.
Rates differ from state to state due to differential local sales tax or VAT rates.
The prices of petrol and diesel were last revised downwards on November 1 by Rs 2.41 a litre and Rs 2.25 per litre respectively (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices.
"Since the last price changes, the international prices of both petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. The Rupee-US dollar exchange rate has however appreciated since the last price change. The combined impact of both these factors warrant a decrease in retail selling prices of both petrol and diesel," IOC said in the statement.
This is the seventh consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and third in diesel in rates since October. Prior to Sunday's reduction, petrol price has been cumulatively cut by Rs 9.36 per litre since August.
Diesel price was cut for the first time in more than five years on October 19 by Rs 3.37 a litre when the government decided to deregulate the fuel. This was followed by another reduction on November 1.
"The movement of prices in international oil market and INR-US dollar exchange rate shall continue to be closely monitored and developing trends of the market will be reflected in future price changes," the statement said.
(With inputs from PTI)

Bigg Boss 8: Sonakshi Sinha shakes a leg with Salman Khan; interacts withinmatesWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:19 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:44 pm
Putting all rumours and in Sonakshi Sinha’s terminology ‘fiction’ to rest, the actress makes an appearance in tonight’s episode of ‘Bigg Boss’, hosted by Salman Khan and does an impromptu jig with him.
There have been rumours afloat that Salman and Sonakshi have had a fallout at Arpita’s wedding reception which left Sonakshi crying bitterly at the party. Sonakshi had quashed those reports in her tweet that said it was nothing but a fiction and deserved a read.
Leaving those said-unsaid things behind, the actress turns up on the show tonight hosted by Salman to promote her upcoming movie ‘Action Jackson’ in which she co-stars with Ajay Devgn, Manasvi Mamgai and Yami Gautam. The actress will be seen shaking a leg with Salman Khan to few songs including one from ‘Dabangg’ where she made her Bollywood debut opposite Salman.
Not only this, Sonakshi also visits the house and interacts with them. It’s reported that she has a special activity planned for the inmates.
When asked about her favorite contestant from the house, Sonakshi is reported to have taken RJ Pritam Singh’s name. RJ Pritam, apparently, has been one of the favorites of all the celebrities who have visited the house.
Meanwhile, the chaos inside the house continue to prevail despite Salman’s best efforts to show the contestants some light. While Ali Quli Mirza is now being targeted for his indecent behaviour towards the women in the house and inmates in general, the groupism inside the house is deepening to the darkest levels.
Also, in tonight’s episode the evicted contestant will finally be revealed. Renee Dhyani, Praneet Bhatt and Sonali Raut still have the danger lurking over their head.

Javkheda dalit killings: CM Devendra Fadnavis sets deadline for policedepartmentWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:28 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday expressed concerns over the state police departments failure to nab the culprits in the killings of three Dalits in Javkheda Khalsa village in district Ahmednagar.
Fadnavis on Sunday visited the village where three Dalits of the family a mason Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Jayshree (38) and son Sunil (19) were brutally killed.
Fadnavis said, “I am personally monitoring the case. I have made my point clear to the Director General of Police to set the deadline. There cannot be indefinite time period to conduct a case. They will have to come out with some answers in the case.”
The Chief Minister said, “If the police fails in the time frame it sets the government is seriously consider handing it over to the CBI.”
On October 20 and 21, villager reported the killings of three of the Dalit family whose body parts were thrown in well and strewn in their fields.
The Chief Minister held interaction with the villagers, family members and local police officials.
Talking to the family members he said, “All culprits who have committed the barbaric crime will be arrested and punished soon. The
government cannot allow such heinous crime instate.”
The Republican Party of India chief Ramdas Athavale and Bhraip Bahujan Samaj Party chief Prakash Ambedkar visted the village and urged the government to ensure the culprits are booked.
Earlier, Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has also urged the DGP to set up a special task to look into the matter.
The leaders of all political parties including NCP, Shiv Sena, MNS and Congress have also urged the government to expedite the case and punish the culprits.
However, sources in the police department said, “From day one we are on the job. But unless we ascertain the facts it would be improper to name any individual or share the information.”

JSW Steel plans Rs 2 000 crore iron ore pipe...JSW Steel plans 20MT capacity at Bellary, Rs 2000 crore iron ore pipeline
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Nov 30, 2014, 10.14PM IST
Tags:
iron-ore
(Jindal said to lay the…)
KOLKATA: JSW Steel, the country's third largest steel maker, has outlined an ambitious expansion plan that entails doubling capacity of its Vijaynagar plant to 20 million tonnes by 2022, according to its chairman and managing director, Sajjan Jindal .
The company is also investing Rs 2,000 crore in a 500-km pipeline to transport iron ore from its private port to the plant, the industrialist said, adding that the group has deferred plans of buying steel units in Italy.
"It is my dream to make Vijaynagar the largest plant in the world. Earlier, I wanted to make Vijaynagar the largest plant in India. Since we have already achieved it, our next target would be to make it the largest plant globally," Jindal told ET at a function to inaugurate the new headquarter for the Institute of Steel Development and Growth, a body jointly promoted by the steel ministry and domestic steel players.
"The expansion of Vijaynagar plant is due to take place in phases. We hope to achieve 20 mt capacity by 2022," Jindal said, adding that capacity will be raised to 12mt in "some time".
The group also plans to expand capacity at JSW Ispat's Dolvi unit to 15 mt, he said. "Our focus is on expanding in India and we have thus deferred our plans to invest in Italy, the industrialist said, when asked about the company's bid for steel units in Italy. JSW had bid for Lucchini, Italy's third largest steel group, and was also tipped to be in the race for the country's largest steelmaker, Ilva.
JSW's expansion plans come in the face of a severe crisis that affected the Vijaynagar plant when the Supreme Court banned iron ore mining in Karnataka in 2011.
In step with plans for adding capacity, JSW will invest in a 500-km slurry pipeline linking the Vijaynagar plant to JSW's Jaigarh port, located between Mumbai and Goa. "We will invest Rs 2,000 crore in the new pipeline project, which will help bring iron ore from the port to the plant. It will ensure savings of nearlyRs 2,000 crore a year on freight costs alone. With a capacity of 20 mt, JSW Steel will require some 35 mt of iron ore every year for Vijaynagar alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mamata creating hurdles in NIA probe into Burdwan blast: ShahThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amit Shah halts speech as Azan soundsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TABLE-India s IOC to cut diesel  petrol prices as crude slumpsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi government should take up Bhopal gas tragedy issue with Obama: Amnesty International Secretary General43
0
Bhopal: Two days before world's worst industrial disaster's 30th anniversary, Amnesty International Secretary General Salil Shetty on Sunday said that the Narendra Modi-led NDA government should raise issues pertaining to the Bhopal Gas tragedy with US President Barack Obama during his visit to India in January next year.
"It is time to give victims and survivors the compensation they deserve. It is time to clean up the site and toxic wastes. And it is time to ensure justice and bring Dow Chemicals and Carbide to book," he told reporters here.
Dow Chemicals had taken over Union Carbide Corporation, US, years after the December 1984 toxic gas leak from its plant here killed thousands of people and affected more than 5.5 lakh people.
Amnesty International Secretary General said that the NDA government should raise issues pertaining to the Bhopal Gas tragedy with Obama.
#bhopal #industrial disaster #amnesty international #salil shetty
Shetty said previous governments let Union Carbide off the hook by underestimating the number of people killed and maimed.
"The Indian government has to urgently re-verify the data against health records and make the figures credible and in the line with Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and even state government records. The recent announcement by Union Minister in this regard is a welcome move," he said.
"Most importantly, for three decades, Union Carbide has used USA as a safe haven from criminal charges to dodge culpable homicide. The Bhopal Chief Judicial Magistrate has called Union Carbide six times but because of their consistent no show, has called it an 'absconder'," Shetty said.
Demanding that the top rung US officials of Dow and Union
Carbide be brought to book, Shetty said after 25 years, only seven Union Carbide India officials have been convicted and not a single American employee who was on top of the chain of the command has been brought to justice.
He said that a foreign company's disregard for Indian judicial system is outrageous.
"It is time that the Modi government takes Bhopal tragedy as a serious issue with Obama when he visits India on January 26," the global human rights watchdog member said.
Shetty recalled the US government's response to BP oil spill in Gulf of Mexico in 2010 where the oil major was held liable and had to pay a whopping USD 20 billion as fine and for the cleanup.
"The double standards are outrageous. If the same disaster was caused by an Indian company on US soil, there is no way they would have got away with it. The US has to show that it treats all human lives as equal, whether you are poor Muslim woman in Bhopal or a US citizen in Louisiana who suffered from the BP oil spill.
"We know that the safety standard in the West Virgina plant of Union Carbide was much higher than Bhopal. It is time to right these wrongs," he said.
The activist dubbed USD 470 million paid by Union Carbide in an out of court settlement in 1989 for the Bhopal Gas tragedy as just tip of the iceberg.
"On behalf of Amnesty International, I am here to say the victims and survivors of the worst industrial disaster of our times can't be asked to wait any longer. 30 years ago about 20,000 people died, up to half a million affected. They can't wait any longer," he said.
9

JSW Steel plans 20MT capacity at Bellary  Rs 2000 crore iron ore pipelineThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Harry Reid visits hip Union MarketBy Emily Heil November 30 Follow @emilyaheil
Union Market (Kate Patterson/For the Washington Post)
Hey, isn’t that… Sen. Harry Reid among the throngs of foodies at Union Market on Saturday afternoon?
The top Senate Democrat, accompanied by a few family members, was spotted grabbing a table by the cheese counter at the airy, multi-vendor space that’s a favorite among the city’s culinary cognoscenti. Seems the Nevadan was supporting “Small Business Saturday,” a campaign to shop at independently owned companies on the day following the big-box frenzy of Black Friday. ( President Obama was across town snapping up some gifts at the locally owned Politics and Prose bookstore).
No word on whether Reid  ordered a bowl of ramen or a Korean taco.
 

Man held for kidnapping relative s child to get back at wifeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear boarders  mm forgings is found to be enjoying sound fundame...4138 Followers
Dear Boarders,
MM Forgings is found to be enjoying sound fundamentals and would be awarding the stake holders in a decent manner. One must park some funds into this stock for short to med term.
Tilak

Dear boarders  sorry ; these views are meant for trf board. tilakCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Keep ur idea within u  just keeping a photo of modi doesn`t make u a p...Platinum Member
81 Followers
completely sell at current moment......instead one should add ceat blindly at current levels.....ceat will move from 900 to 1200 with ease while jk will rome around 680 levels  within 1 month......secondly ceat is altogethere better company then jk from financials and balance sheet point of view....even in growth prospects ceat has upperhand.....ceat exports are mindblowing......just add ceat at current level sureshot.....
9.14 AM Nov 30th

Dear kumar  it would be in fitness of things that you know that ...4138 Followers
Dear Kumar,
It would be in fitness of things that you know that for quite some time, TRF could not come up with matching or near matching results thereafter ; ran into losses.  My recommendations were thus redundant.
The current recommendations were based on available data and in no way in isolation.
Tilak

Government Data Sharpens Focus On Crude-Oil Train RoutesGovernment Data Sharpens Focus On Crude-Oil Train Routes
ProPublica  | By                                                                Isaiah Thompson
Updated:
11/27/2014 10:59 am EST
In this Dec. 30, 2013 file photo, a fireball goes up at the site of an oil train derailment in Casselton, N.D.  (AP Photo/Bruce Crummy, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
This story originally appeared on ProPublica.
The oil boom underway in North Dakota has delivered jobs to local economies and helped bring the United States to the brink of being a net energy exporter for the first time in generations.
But moving that oil to the few refineries with the capacity to process it is presenting a new danger to towns and cities nationwide 2014 a danger many appear only dimly aware of and are ill-equipped to handle.
Much of North Dakota's oil is being transported by rail, rather than through pipelines, which are the safest way to move crude. Tank carloads of crude are up 50 percent this year from last. Using rail networks has saved the oil and gas industry the time and capital it takes to build new pipelines, but the trade-off is greater risk: Researchers estimates that trains are three and a half times as likely as pipelines to suffer safety lapses.
Indeed, since 2012, when petroleum crude oil first began moving by rail in large quantities, there have been eight major accidents involving trains carrying crude in North America. In the worst of these incidents, in July, 2013, a train derailed at Lac-Mégantic, Quebec and exploded, killing 47 and burning down a quarter of the town. Six months later, another crude-bearing train derailed and exploded in Casselton, North Dakota, prompting the evacuation of most of the town's 2,300 residents.
See our interactive map of the crude-oil train data.
In those and other cases, local emergency responders were overwhelmed by the conflagrations resulting from these accidents. Residents often had no idea that such a dangerous cargo, and in such volume, was being transported through their towns.
Out of the disasters came a scramble for information. News outlets around the country began reporting the history of problems associated with the DOT-111 railroad tank cars carrying virtually all of the crude.
Local officials, environmental groups, and concerned citizens began to ask what routes these trains were taking and whether the towns in their paths were ready should an accident occur.
In July, the U.S. Dept. of Transportation ordered railroads to disclose route information to state emergency management officials. Railroads had fought hard to keep this information private, citing security concerns. Even after federal regulators required more disclosure, railroads pressured many state governments to withhold their reports from the public. Some have come out, often as a result of public records requests by news organizations: The Associated Press has obtained disclosures in several states initially unwilling to release them.
Still, those disclosures offer scant detail, often consisting of little more than a list of counties through which crude oil is passing, without further specifics.
There have been attempts to fill in the blanks. KQED in Northern California, for example, combined the information disclosed in federal route reports with maps of the major railroads to show where trains carrying crude passed through California. The environmental group Oil Change International superimposed major refineries and other facilities that handle crude oil onto a national railroad map .
A ProPublica analysis of data from the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration adds new details by plotting out where trains carrying crude have experienced safety incidents, most of them minor. The data shows such incidents in more than 250 municipalities over the last four years. We've used the data to create an interactive map showing where safety incidents on trains were reported, where each train began its journey, and where it was ultimately headed.
The data also shows that factors that contributed to major, or even catastrophic, accidents have also been present in hundreds of minor ones: outdated tank car models; component failures; and missing, damaged and loose parts.
Bit by bit, a more realistic notion of where the dangers of crude-bearing trains are most substantial is emerging.
"Frankly, the [previous] disclosures weren't of that much use," says Kelly Huston, a spokesman for the California Governor's Office of Emergency Services, one of the first state agencies to make those disclosures available for anyone on its website. When it comes to a detailed picture of where crude is moving, Huston says, "The expectation of the public is very far from the reality of what we're actually getting."
The hazardous materials data reviewed by ProPublica adds to that picture.
Only a handful of places around the country have the refinery capacity and infrastructure necessary to handle the massive amounts of oil being extracted from North Dakota's Bakken Shale: Bakersfield, Carson, and Long Beach in California; St. James, Lake Charles, Lacassine in coastal Louisiana; Philadelphia, Paulsboro, New Jersey. Delaware City, Delaware in the Mid-Atlantic.
These cities have become the terminuses for "unit trains" carrying up to 100 tank cars, each containing as much as 30,000 gallons of crude oil. These endpoints also have shaped the paths along which crude-bearing trains now cross hundreds of communities, many of which have never seen such traffic. Tracks all but abandoned for years have sprung back to life on account of the oil boom.
The vulnerabilities of the DOT-111 tank cars in which much of the oil is moved are well known by now. For decades, federal officials have cited concerns over their relatively thin shells, which are prone to puncturing or rupturing in an accident and releasing the hazardous material inside. They also have other components prone to damage, including protruding fittings often left unprotected, and hinged lids held on by bolts that have a history of coming loose, especially if not properly tightened by the original shipper.
When a tank car full of oil ruptures, the consequences can be dire. At a panel held by the National Transportation Safety Board in April, one technical expert with the agency described a "fireball release," in which "the entire content of the tank car, up to 30,000 gallons, is instantly released, along with the potential for rocketing car parts." When one tank car ignites, the heat can set off a chain reaction, causing other cars to explode as well.
In most cases, the tanks cars used to transport crude are supplied by railroad shipping companies, not railroads themselves. Railroads have typically pushed for more stringent safety requirements since they have to move the cars. Shipping companies and oil producers have pushed back against stricter proposals.
In 2011, as the crude-by-rail industry was ramping up and federal regulators were preparing to introduce new rules, industry groups adopted voluntary safety modifications to add thicker shells and other protections to new tank cars. But roughly 85 percent of the fleet currently carrying flammable liquids still consists of the older models. And while PHMSA is expected to issue rules requiring safer tank cars, railroads will have years to phase in the upgrades and it's not yet clear to what extent they will be required to retrofit existing cars.
For most local fire departments, a blaze involving even a single tank car, let alone many, would be too much to handle, emergency response officials acknowledge.
"[Most] fire departments don't have the capacity to deal with more than a standard gasoline tank [fire], which is about 9,000 or 10,000 gallons of fuel," said Richard Edinger, vice chairman of the International Association of Fire Chief's hazardous materials committee. "Well, one DOT-111 car holds about 30,000 gallons 2014 that pretty much exceeds our capacity."
Complicating matters, many towns don't even know that trains carrying crude oil are passing through.
Along the journey south from North Dakota, for example, many trains now make a stop in the tiny town of El Dorado, Arkansas, population 18,500, bound for a refinery that recently added capacity to accommodate Bakken crude. The PHMSA hazmat data includes more than a dozen leaks found on trains headed for the town.
Yet Union County Emergency Management Services deputy director Bobby Braswell, a former Chief Deputy for the El Dorado Fire Department, was unaware of the new crude traffic and its potential risks.
"We've got a little old railroad here, but if they transport crude, I don't know," said Braswell in an interview. If state emergency management officials have a plan to respond to oil train derailments, they haven't shared it with El Dorado yet: "I don't remember anybody calling about crude," Braswell said.
Along the trains' route to the Mid-Atlantic, according to PHMSA's hazmat data, is Mineral City, Ohio, where Tuscarawas county emergency services director Patty Levengood said she didn't know whether fire departments in her jurisdiction had been trained or otherwise advised on the new oil traffic. Such planning was "pretty much left to the individual chiefs," she said.
Other responders said they are acutely aware of the new risks facing their towns, and some expressed alarm. Asked whether his fire department had the capacity to handle a single tank car fire, Duane Hart, fire chief for Juniata County, Pennsylvania, answered with an emphatic "I know we don't!" Crude trains now pass through Port Royal, a town of 925 in Juniata County for which Hart's department provides services.
In many circumstances, all local responders would be able to do in the event of a large tank car fire is simply let it burn, experts say. At the recent NTSB rail safety panel, Gregory Noll, a chairperson for the hazardous materials committee of the National Fire Protection Association, summarized the situation bluntly.
"There's very little that we as a responder are going to do," he said, "other than... to isolate the area, remove people from the problem, and allow the incident to go its natural course until it essentially burns down to a level where we can extinguish it."
But that approach would still involve tremendous damage in the many densely populated areas through which crude is now moving by rail, officials acknowledge.
"The standard evacuation is typically a half-mile," said Jeff Simpson, a 30-year firefighter who lives in North Virginia and teaches a course called "Training for Railroad Emergencies."
"But if you're in the middle of a big city, the footprint is going to be much bigger."
The Pittsburgh-based nonprofit news organization PublicSource reported in August that up to 40 percent of that city's roughly 300,000 residents live within the potential evacuation zone of trains carrying crude through the city.
Another Pennsylvania metropolis, Philadelphia, has become one of the biggest destinations in the U.S. for Bakken crude thanks to newly retrofitted refineries and a brand new rail unloading facility opened just two years ago.
The city appears frequently in hazmat reports: In at least 65 cases over the last two years, tank cars bound for or arriving in Philadelphia were found to have loose, leaking or missing safety components. These parts are meant to prevent flammable contents from escaping in the event of an accident.
There was a more serious incident last January, when a train full of oil derailed a few miles from the city's downtown. Luckily, no one was injured. The train was soon righted and the railroad made repairs, assuring city officials that the danger had passed.
But even after the derailment, Philadelphia "has not issued new plans, directives, or protocols in response to the increase of crude oil shipments," wrote city director of Emergency Management Samantha Phillips in an email to ProPublica.
The Philadelphia County Local Emergency Planning Committee "has not been active on the transportation of Bakken crude oil," Phillips added.
The agency's website contains no emergency information specific to a fire involving crude oil, or any other hazardous substance, other than a video featuring " Wally Wise-Guy, the Shelter in Place Turtle ."
The video advises that "in the event of a hazardous materials emergency ... do what Wally Wise Guy does 2014 go inside."
ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom.  Sign up for their newsletter .
Also on HuffPost:

What lawmakers want you to buy on Black FridayBy Sean Sullivan November 28 Follow @WaPoSean
It's Black Friday, and if you're like millions of Americans, you're out shopping for the best holiday deals since well, Thursday, when many stores were open with Thanksgiving specials.
What about members of Congress? Some have taken to Twitter to urge Americans to use the day to for certain things:
Like getting health care:
— Steny Hoyer (@WhipHoyer) November 28, 2014
Supporting a minimum wage increase:
If you're braving #BlackFriday , be safe. But also remember the retail employees who deserve to be paid fairly. It's time to #RaisetheWage .
— Rep. Frank Pallone (@FrankPallone) November 28, 2014
Walton Family makes hundreds of billions, yet their employees are forced to live in poverty. This #BlackFriday , how about we #RaiseTheWage !
— Eleanor H. Norton (@EleanorNorton) November 28, 2014
Also, you could just wait until Saturday to shop:
Tomorrow is #SmallBizSat . Be sure to get out & support local businesses in your home community. http://t.co/NI0lWT2gJG
— Speaker John Boehner (@SpeakerBoehner) November 28, 2014
Avoid the #BlackFriday crowds and #shopsmall tomorrow, Nov. 29, for #SmallBizSaturday to show support your local stores &restaurants. #gapol
— Johnny Isakson (@SenatorIsakson) November 28, 2014
Tomorrow is #SmallBusinessSaturday , the perfect time to buy the perfect gift - and support a local biz that creates jobs for Wisconsinites!
— Sen. Tammy Baldwin (@SenatorBaldwin) November 28, 2014
The great deals don't stop after #BlackFriday ...tomorrow is #SmallBusinessSaturday . Help support small business! pic.twitter.com/G993VaA1PN
— Rep. Bradley Byrne (@RepByrne) November 28, 2014
But if you shop on Cyber Monday, be careful:
A reminder to be cautious as you shop online this holiday season #cybermonday http://t.co/VVXx3miw1e
— Patrick Meehan (@RepMeehan) November 28, 2014
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.

Reversing the reversalNot as good as it looks Indifferent farm sector growth has hurt the economy B VELANKANNI
A revival in farm output and public capital formation can get growth back on track
By 2007-08 the economy had grown at over 9 per cent per annum for three consecutive years. The last time the economy had exceeded the 9 per cent mark for growth was in the late 1980s, and that too only in one year.
At that time it was so unexpected, and its continuation (so) unimaginable, that it did not even provide cause for comment. This time though, the repetition of the outcome over three years had given rise to the expectation in some circles that it was only a matter of time before the double-digit growth barrier would be breached. But this was not to be.
In an unexpected reversal we now have a situation in which growth has been trending downwards since 2008-09 to settle at less than 5 per cent in 2012-13. From about the same time inflation may be seen as having shifted gear forward. Since 2008-09 it has mostly been much higher than in the first half of the decade.
So the principal stylised fact of the decade up to 2012-13 is that somewhere in its middle a macroeconomic regime-switch took place.
The combination of very high growth and relatively low inflation was replaced by the combination slower growth and higher inflation. Two leads present themselves here. First, the declining growth rate suggests something systematic at work. Secondly, that the growth-inflation picture of the second half of the decade is a mirror image of what it was in the first presents the possibility of an independent factor having caused the reversal.
It could not have escaped anyone’s attention that the slowing of growth in India had followed closely the onset of the financial crisis originating in the US in 2007-08. However, growth in India has contracted much more than in the rest of the world. This despite India’s share of world trade being lower and the share of exports in its GDP being less than that of China.
Global factors
If, following the global financial crisis international investment flows had involved a diversion of funds from India to the rest of the world, this would have slowed growth disproportionately in India.
Though the rate of accretion of FDI to India has slowed, foreign investment flows are far too small in relation to the size of the economy to have been able to make a major difference. In 2007-08 they had amounted to 7.3 per cent of gross domestic capital formation and 2.9 per cent of the gross national product, respectively.
With respect to inflation, on the other hand, we find that it has fallen in all parts of the world, including China, but risen substantially in India. The data suggest that while global factors may well have impacted growth in India, we have reason to believe that domestic factors have been at work too. By comparison, the higher inflation in India must owe largely to factors specific to this country as it has actually declined elsewhere.
Accounting for the change
Two factors account for much of the slower growth and higher inflation during the second half of the last decade, namely slowing agricultural growth and declining public investment. It had commenced with two years of near-zero agricultural growth and was generally a period of fluctuating agricultural output. Thus, after a smart recovery midway through, the period ended up with low agricultural growth once again.
To attempt another characterisation, there was only one ‘bad’ year in the first half of the decade compared to three in the second. So, however viewed, the latter half of the decade is distinctly one of lower agricultural growth with the following consequences. First, repeated negative agricultural supply shocks generated inflation.
For households whose income growth does not keep pace with the rising price of food, higher expenditure on food must have crowded out spending on industrial goods. Note that the real price of food has risen by over 20 per cent since 2008-09. Industrial production has declined from 2010-11 and has more or less ground to a halt now. Of course, it is not necessary that all of this decline is related to slower agricultural growth. In fact, this is unlikely, for the slowdown in industrial growth is far too dramatic, suggesting another aspect.
The macroeconomic policy
The one element of macroeconomic policy across the decade that is most closely linked to growth is public capital formation. Public capital formation rose sharply up to 2007-08 (once again, a period of unprecedented high growth) , fell sharply the next year and has remained depressed since. On the other hand, while private capital formation has declined from 2009 onwards its fall was not as precipitous as that in the public.
Capital formation in the private sector actually more than revived by 2012-13, when it exceeded its previously attained peak by over 20 per cent, without being able to make a difference to the overall growth rate.
Secondly, the steep decline in capital formation in the public sector in 2008-09 took place even as the fiscal deficit expanded by over 100 per cent. So, at this time, government expenditure could not have been financially constrained in the aggregate. Only further research can establish whether in allowing the deficit to rise significantly the government was primarily motivated by the desire to increase consumption, both its own and of the households via consumption subsidies, as opposed to supporting growth.
Whatever be the case, the steady decline in public capital formation signals that the government may have seriously misjudged the growth dynamics in assuming that growth would continue regardless of the composition of the spending.
Big reduction
It is of interest that private capital formation did not fall as steeply as capital formation in the public sector. In fact, in no year did it fall to a level below the lowest one registered during the period of fast growth over 2003-08. So, overall, there is strong evidence to suggest that the public sector may have contributed more to the growth decline than the private sector by reducing its capital formation after 2007-08.
The magnitude of the reduction is brought home by the feature that by 2012-13 public capital formation as share of GDP was less than half its level in 2007-08.
So what would it take to reverse the reversal? With regard to inflation, steady agricultural growth would be necessary. Where this depends on natural factors there are few short-term policy-based fixes available.
However, government could manage food stocks far better and operate procurement-price fixation more judiciously. For a revival of the growth momentum, increasing public capital formation would have to be part of the plan.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has spoken of FDI and PPP in his first Budget. Since then he has berated the Reserve Bank of India for the rigidity of its monetary policy stance. Now he should focus on what he can do to bring about a growth upswing.
Excerpted from the Malcolm Adiseshiah Memorial Lecture delivered at Chennai on November 21. The writer is a professor at CDS, Thiruvananthapuram
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Factories or forestsTweet
There has to be a reasonable compromise between the two
In seeking to industrialise in a hurry, the government is pushing for changes in land acquisition and environment laws that are politically shortsighted and economically flawed. The proposed changes in the Right to Fair Compensation in the Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act involve diluting the consent clause in the case of PPP projects to 50 per cent from the existing 70 per cent, restricting the social impact assessmentto large projects and watering down the rehabilitation clauses. Alongside this move, the TSR Subramanian Committee seems to have suggested fewer no-go zones for mining and raised questions over gram sabha consent.
Changes in the land law could stoke the sort of agitations which, in fact, brought about the legislation — such as Singur, Raigad and Nandigram. The Singur agitation raises a basic question: Should land that yields three crops of paddy a year be used to make cars? By seeking to do away with SIA for most projects, such questions will never be answered. Are we to assume that a large factory is a public good, irrespective of the location? As EF Schumacher said, the discipline of economics is unable to put a right value on natural resources.
It is absurd to argue that rehabilitation is not important if the project-affected have given their consent and the cash compensation is generous. In fact, cash compensation should be substituted by alternative land and a stake in the profits of the enterprise, a concept that was perhaps first accepted by the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam. Why are we turning the clock back?
The political consequences of forcible land acquisition can be alarming in Naxalism-hit regions in particular. Industry should accept the high cost of land as a constraint, given the lack of a safety net. There is scope to shred mindless red tape and improve contract enforcement. But there can be no compromise on regulations that protect natural resources and livelihoods.
A Srinivas, Deputy Editor
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Auction spectrum bands at one goAuction spectrum bands at one go
V Sridhar/Rohit Prasad
Tweet
The TRAI is right: sequential auction of different bands leads to information asymmetry
It appears from press reports that there is in-principle agreement between the Department of Defence and Department of Telecommunications to coordinate and release additional spectrum for commercial mobile services. This mainly includes release of spectrum up to 2×15 MHz in 2100 MHz band in lieu of 15 MHz in 1900 MHz. Apparently, only some procedural clearances are awaited. If there are no physical constraints such as vacating some users in the above spectrum space, then an agreement should not be far away.
This is significant in view of the proposed auction of spectrum in February 2015. TRAI has been firm that the forthcoming auction should be scheduled only when enough spectrum is made available. It is not the actual release of spectrum that matters; it is the agreement to release, accompanied by a pragmatic and credible timeline for the release of the spectrum that is necessary.
If the Prime Minister and the government intend to usher in Telecom 2.0 for India to provide on-demand broadband services to all its citizens, it is essential that an agreement to release the said 2100 MHz spectrum be inked and the entire 15 MHz along with the 5 MHz already held by DoT be put on block for auction along with 800, 900 and 1800 MHz spectrums that become available on licence expiry in late 2015. There are examples of governments holding auction without having spectrum on hand; but with a set timeline for releasing the same.
Timeline is crucial
For example, the 700 MHz digital dividend spectrum auction (Auction 73) in the US took place in January 2008 with a timeline set to February 17, 2009, to release spectrum by switching over from analog to digital broadcast transmission.
The switchover in fact happened only on June 12, 2009, and subsequently the spectrum was released to auction winners. In the auction of 2100 MHz held during April-May, 2010 in India, the notice inviting applications clearly stated that the licensees though assigned are allowed to utilise the spectrum for commercial operations only from September 1, 2010.
TRAI recommendations rightly insist that auctions in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz and 2100 MHz band be conducted simultaneously. There is a significant amount of literature in auction theory warning against the risks of sequential auctions of related goods (in this case spectrum across bands).
Sequential sale limits information available to bidders and the manner in which they can respond to information. Bidders must guess what prices will be in future auctions when determining bids in the current auction.
Incorrect guesses may result in an inefficient assignment. A sequential auction also eliminates many strategies. For example, a bidder cannot switch back to an earlier item if prices go too high in a later auction. Bidders may regret having purchased early at high prices, or not having purchased early at low prices. The guesswork about future auction outcomes makes strategies in sequential auctions complex, and the outcomes less efficient.
Opportunity for change
The Swiss wireless-local loop auction conducted in March 2000 illustrated the difficulties of sequential sale where the third sale for a larger spectrum block went for a very low price compared to the earlier sales. The simultaneous ascending multi-band German auction in 2010 provided enough competition, and revenues generated for the government were close to ex ante expectations.
Thus if an auction is held mainly for in-use spectrum in 900 and 1800 MHz that is expiring at the end of next year, it will certainly be damaging not only to the industry, but also for consumers in the long run.
The agreement for the swap proposal should be done by the end of 2014; 2×20 MHz of 2100 MHz should be put on block along with 800, 900 and 1800 MHz with a specified timeline for release; and a simultaneous auction held across all bands.
Sridhar and Prasad are professors at the International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore and the Management Development Institute, Gurgaon, respectively
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Cooking up change in developing countries© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72166e4a-75bd-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Martin Wolf on immigrationShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Martin Wolf on UK's immigration debate
Nov 28, 2014 : UK prime minister David Cameron has set out plans to exclude EU migrant workers from many benefits. But the FT's Martin Wolf argues the debate about immigration in the country is no reason for Britain to leave the EU.

PMs EU migrant welfare curbs win backingDavid Cameron’s EU migrant welfare curbs win broad approval
Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4da20cbc-7717-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK will still lure migrants  says businessUK will still lure migrants, says business
Sarah O’Connor, Employment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbb5eada-7729-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Winners And Losers Of Plummeting Oil Prices
Why the Gulf is still confident about oil revenuesTalmiz Ahmad: Why the Gulf is still confident about oil revenues
Talmiz Ahmad |  Nov 29, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The meeting of oil ministers of 12 member-states of the Organisation of Oil Producing Countries (OPEC), who account for 40 per cent of world oil production, took place in Vienna on November 27 in the background of a serious crisis facing the organisation - the dramatic decline in oil prices over the last five months. There were widespread expectations that OPEC would decide on a production cut to raise prices. In the event, after a five-hour meeting, the ministers decided to take no action whatsoever; prices then fell a further five per cent to $72 per barrel.
Earlier, oil prices had plunged 30 per cent from $115 per barrel in June this year to around $80-82 in November. Though the fall took most policy makers and market analysts by surprise, there has been no panic among the principal producers in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. The fall is due to a demand-supply mismatch, with the market being awash with US shale oil and increased supplies from Iraq and Libya, amidst sluggish economic growth in Europe and Asia, particularly China, where growth projections of over seven per cent indicate a flat oil demand over the next year or so. The Washington-based Energy Information Administration (EIA) forecasts that next year oil prices will fluctuate between $ 80-90, averaging $83 a barrel, while JP Morgan predicts $80-95 over the next two years.
The response of GCC ministers has so far been cautious but confident, saying that market conditions, not producers, determine prices. Saudi production has remained steady, standing at 9.704 million barrels per day (mbd) in September and 9.69 mbd in October. The Abu Dhabi national oil company, ADNOC, has announced that it is going ahead with projects that will raise domestic production from 1.4 mbd to 1.8 mbd by 2017, and also develop its refining and gas potential.
The Saudi refusal to play its traditional role of "swing producer" and cut production has surprised analysts, leading to speculation that there could be political motives behind its inaction, though this has been firmly rejected by the Saudi oil minister. The bewilderment of observers is justified since GCC producers obtain 90 per cent of their revenues from oil sales, so that a price fall of $25/barrel reduces GCC revenues by eight percentage points of GDP.
Benefiting from high oil prices, GCC revenues doubled from $317 billion in 2008 to $729 billion in 2013, yielding fiscal reserves of $2.4 trillion at present. These will allow the GCC economies to sustain low prices for a year or so, but they will come under pressure after that, due to funding requirements for infrastructure, energy and industrial development, and the burgeoning welfare obligations committed to their nationals in the wake of the Arab Spring. This has meant that fiscal break-even oil prices of most GCC producers will be in the range of $77-127 in 2015, with the Saudi threshold price being $106.
For 2015, OPEC has projected an increased world demand of 1.19 mbd, though demand for its own produce will decline to 29.2 mbd, suggesting a continuing surplus of about a million mbd. The GCC countries are still reluctant to intervene in the market. They were under considerable pressure at the recent OPEC ministerial to agree on production cuts from members facing domestic economic and political turmoil such as Iraq, Iran, Nigeria, Libya and Venezuela. However, the Saudis and the other GCC countries resisted these pressures since they believed they just would not work. This is because the problem of over-supply is mainly due to US production; even if OPEC were to agree on cuts, non-OPEC producers would continue to flood the market. The other consideration is the persistent "indiscipline" among OPEC members: in the past, when cuts have been agreed to, most countries have actually increased production to maximise revenues, leaving Saudi Arabia to bear the brunt of the reduced production. After the OPEC meeting, the secretary general asserted that "the decline of the price does not reflect a fundamental change", clearly affirming that market forces will continue to prevail for now. In these obviously difficult circumstances, what explains the GCC position?
First, GCC producers believe that in the short term of a year or so, the oil market will stabilise itself, and surpluses in the market will be absorbed by improved economic performance globally, particularly in Asia. The Saudi national oil company, ARAMCO, has affirmed its focus on Asia, to which it sells 68 percent of its oil exports, with the slogan "expand and grow together", and has announced new investments to increase refining capacity. As of now, the Saudi priority is maintaining its market share, for which it plans to retain production of over nine mbd in 2015, and tactically offer reductions in its official selling price in different markets so that it remains competitive even in the prevailing uncertain conditions.
Again, from the GCC perspective, the long-term outlook is also positive. The Paris-based International Energy Agency (IEA), in its latest report, has projected a global production requirement of 104 mbd in 2040, as against the present 90 mbd. To meet this target, the world will need both additional conventional oil, mainly from the GCC, Iran and Iraq, and unconventional oil, such as: shale oil from US and other sources; ultra-deep sea oil from Brazil; oil from tar sands in Canada, and oil from the environmentally sensitive Arctic region. Unconventional oil requires investments of over $90 per barrel. Current prices do not support the development of these resources, and there are already indications of a slowdown in investment in unconventional production in the US, Canada and Brazil, and a reluctance to invest in new countries with shale oil potential.
Given the long gestation periods in the development of new oil resources, the IEA has projected a requirement of annual investments of $900 billion from now to the 2030s. Since US shale oil production will experience steep declines from the 2020s, the Gulf, with 30 percent of world reserves, will be at the centre of new investments for global energy security. It is in this background that GCC producers believe that the oil market will soon set a "fair" price that will promote growth among consumers, while encouraging producers to invest in new projects.
The writer is a former diplomat

Of skyscrapers and the Rs 1-lakh-crore BudgetB Dasarath Reddy: Of skyscrapers and the Rs 1-lakh-crore Budget
B Dasarath Reddy |  Nov 29, 2014 09:48 PM IST
The new state of Telangana and also its government headed by Chief Minister K Chandra Sekhara Rao (KCR) will complete six months in a couple of days (December 2, 2014). Both came into existence on June 2.
When he came to power, the chief minister evoked the "Golden Telangana" motif to keep the people in good humour. But the realities of life are now forcing people to judge the government by its performance on ground.
One of the recent ideas that had caught the imagination of even the Hyderabad citizens was the chief minister's plan to build skyscrapers around the historic Hussain Sagar lake in the heart of the city and also of emptying the lake in summer to make it a freshwater body.
Andhra Pradesh (AP) Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu's relentless propaganda that the new capital he would build for AP would be on a par with Singapore and Tokyo has injected an element of competition between Telangana and AP. And no one is especially impressed by KCR's moves to keep up with the Joneses.
"AP's task is to build a new capital, whereas we already have such a big and beautiful capital city for Telangana. KCR need not do anything on the capital city front. Instead, his priority should be to fulfil the aspirations of Telanagana people that were reflected in the prolonged separate statehood movement," says N Indrasena Reddy, former MLA and the national executive member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The chief minister's plan to turn Hussain Sagar into a freshwater body, Reddy says, is just a random idea, not based on any serious thinking. To do this, the government will first need to clean up the entire catchment including the nalas that bring water into the lake before cleaning the lake bed of Hussain Sagar, he said. The lake will need 1 thousand million cubic ft of fresh water after the cleaning. "Where is the water?" he asks.
People in the villages have become quickly disenchanted with the government because it failed to save their crops from the severe power shortage in the Kharif season - most of the farmers in Telangana depend on groundwater to irrigate the crops. The government was able to partly succeed in re-establishing the credit cycle during the Kharif season as the release of Rs 4,200 crore to the banks under the loan waiver scheme was delayed.
Opposition parties allege that the social security pensions reached only a few after the amount was enhanced to Rs 1,000 from the previous Rs 200 a month by this government. Likewise, the government was not able to introduce the modified student scholarships scheme on time, which angered the student community.
The government had given administrative sanction for Rs 15,000 crore for the development of road network and made the allocations for an ambitious water grid project that seeks to take drinking water to every village in addition to other big programmes. These programmes will certainly take time even if the government succeeds in finding the money for these projects. There are other reasons responsible for the plummeting ratings of the government, say critics.
According to the critics, the credibility gap between the words and actions of the government came into sharp focus early on. In the very beginning, the chief minister ordered a CID investigation into the "massive housing scam" allegedly carried out during the previous regimes. However, later the KCR government developed cold feet.
Similarly, it ordered the demolition of construction in one of the big colonies near the high-tech city terming them illegal, as they were built on the controversial "Gurukul Trust" lands. The demolition was stopped but the government is yet to spell out how it is going to handle the rest of the "illegal structures" in this area.
It took the government almost six months to announce the industrial policy with some built-in provisions to eliminate corruption and red tape in issuing the clearances. However, it did not bother to constitute the Pollution Control Board (PCB) and the crucial committees within the PCB that are responsible for clearing the proposals of companies. This has resulted in an unending wait for many of the applicants.
The government had announced a Rs 1-lakh-crore Budget while showing almost half of this estimated expenditure under the plan outlay. The Congress had asked the government to show the money to back these grand claims. There were no satisfactory answers available: because revenue estimates were based on future proceeds of land sale and projections of Central grants that might come sometime in the future. No concrete steps were announced either in the Budget or in the Assembly on how the government proposed to increase its resources to finance its plans.
Six months of a new government in a new state can only be described as unremarkable.

Luxury Black Friday Shopping At Bergdorf Goodman Is DifferentBergdorf Goodman's Swanky Black Friday Sale Is Nothing Like The Usual Frenzy Elsewhere
Posted:
Updated:
11/28/2014  5:59 pm EST
Outside Bergdorf Goodman, looking down Fifth Avenue, after shoppers have gone inside for Black Friday. (Photo by Kim Bhasin / The Huffington Post) | Kim Bhasin/The Huffington Post
reddit
NEW YORK -- While millions of shoppers battle their way through hysterical crowds to save a buck at stores like Walmart and Target on Black Friday, some who have more cash to spend are enjoying the more refined side of the annual weekend of shopping mania.
They're partaking in Bergdorf Goodman's Black Friday sale. Yes, Fifth Avenue's storied monument of luxury holds a special event on a day known for mass discounts and wild fights for merchandise. And it's nothing like the frenzies across the country, which started on Thanksgiving night. While some battled for Barbie dolls , brawled over baby clothes or got zapped with a stun gun , those who can afford to shop at Bergdorf's waited until morning.
The luxury department store is calm before its 8 a.m. opening, prepping for a 12-hour day. A few shoppers wait outside each of the many revolving-door entrances. There are no barricades. No lines. No tent cities. No cheering. No fanfare. Just employees waiting patiently inside and customers waiting patiently outside. When it's time, the greeters wave them in and the shopping begins.
One worker chuckles and reports to his colleagues that there were about 20 shoppers who came in through his door. Another replies that seven customers entered on his side. It takes a couple of seconds to get the waiting customers into the store, as smiling employees hand out $50 gift cards to be redeemed on the beauty products. In the jewelry area, every room glistens under the lights.
A holiday display of coats inside Bergdorf Goodman on Black Friday. Most merchandise isn't on sale, even today.
The Black Friday sales here aren't like the ones from the lower reaches of retail -- Bergdorf is simply too exclusive for that. Where Gap flaunts 50 percent off everything in the store, Bergdorf just offers an extra 20 percent off already marked-down clothes, shoes and handbags on the fifth floor. Some designer sportswear is on sale at 40 percent off, too. Though there are some deeply discounted items at Bergdorf on Friday, it manages to retain its exclusive feel.
That exclusivity is what attracts people to Bergdorf's extravagant halls. Founded in 1899 and now owned by Neiman Marcus Group, the department store sells all sorts of luxury goods: clothes, shoes, handbags, jewelry, housewares and more. It has only two locations, the main store and a men's store right across the street on Fifth Avenue, near the southeast corner of Central Park.
Many shoppers head downstairs to the beauty floor, where there are a wide array of branded kiosks. Bergdorf offers plenty of Black Friday perks down here: complimentary brow lessons from Bobbi Brown, depuffing facials from Amore Pacific and reflexology hand massages from La Prairie.
Others head up to the fifth floor, which features contemporary designer goods. The racks are filled with brands like Helmut Lang, Rag & Bone and Phillip Lim. There are $1,200 Tamara Mellon dresses, $200 tops from Theory and $500 sweaters from Elie Tahari all marked down. The shoppers quietly look through the garments, seeking the standouts. They find plenty and bring their hauls to nearby workers who ring up the purchases.
On the fifth floor of Bergdorf Goodman, the sales floor is filled with marked-down merchandise from contemporary designers.
A little less than an hour after opening, the sales floor gets busier. But it's not raucous and nobody's acting frantic. The loudest noise comes from the racks themselves, squeaking sharply each time someone slides over a hanger. Then, a supervisor's voice cuts through the room. "I hate to be the bearer of bad news," he tells a pair of his employees chatting softly near one of the racks, "but less conversation, more work." Everything remains tidy, employees darting around to make sure the area remains pristine. It's unclear how big of an event this is for Bergdorf -- a company representative did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Though it's Black Friday, this is still where the affluent go to spend thousands and thousands of dollars on clothes. The vast majority of merchandise in the store remains at full price, maintaining its luxe integrity. These areas churn onward, glitzy money-making machines that are too swank for discounts.
On the second floor, women gleefully try on red-soled Christian Louboutin heels, none of which cost less than $675. And on the ground floor, surrounded by staggeringly pricey handbags from the likes of Saint Laurent and Givenchy, a saleswoman sees one of her regulars. "Nancy!" she exclaims, eager to unveil her latest wares. "It just came in."
More:

Email detox: A cleaner  leaner working lifeNovember 30, 2014 12:22 pm
The email detox for a cleaner, leaner working life
Emma De Vita
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63c5c1a6-755e-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How happiness pays at workNovember 23, 2014 12:44 pm
Tips on staff productivity from a happiness evangelist
Emma De Vita
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/075e363e-6fe9-11e4-90af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Field notes a senior job shareNovember 16, 2014 3:31 pm
Field notes on the lesser spotted senior job share
Emma De Vita
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2965a6b2-6a7c-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petrol  diesel prices cut again this monthPetrol, diesel prices cut again this month
IANS | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 06:32 PM IST
With international crude oil rates slipping towards $70 a barrel, state-run oil marketers Sunday cut petrol and diesel rates further respectively by 91 paise and 84 paise a litre, effective midnight.
"The prices of petrol and diesel were last revised downwards from Nov 1 by Rs.2.41/litre and Rs.2.25/litre respectively (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices," Indian Oil Corp. said in a release here.
"The movement of prices in international oil market and INR-USD exchange rate shall continue to be closely monitored and developing trends of the market will be reflected in future price changes," it added.
From Monday, petrol per litre will cost Rs.63.33 in Delhi, Rs.70.73 in Kolkata, Rs.70.95 in Mumbai and Rs.66.05 in Chennai.
Diesel, correspondingly, will cost Rs.52.51 in Delhi, Rs.57.08 in Kolkata, Rs.60.11 in Mumbai and Rs.55.93 in Chennai.
Last month, the government deregulated diesel prices by linking the fuel cost to market-based pricing.
The price of the Indian basket crude oil on the last trading day Friday was $72.51 per barrel. A barrel is equal to 159 litres.

Financial globalisation back on the rise© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10803656-74b5-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Post pockets Rs 280cr courtesy Flipkart  AmazonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Redskins-Colts: Game day notesBy Mike Jones November 30 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Pierre Garcon is four receiving yards shy of 5,000 for his career. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
INDIANAPOLIS – The Washington Redskins today try to close out the month of November on a positive note as they look to upset the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium at 1 p.m.
The Colts enter this game with a 19-10 record against Washington all-time and are picked as 10-point favorites.
The Redskins will try to snap a two-game losing streak to Indianapolis, having lost both in 2010 and 2006.
Here are some other things to look for today:
A win today would give the Redskins a 3-1 record against AFC opponents this season.
A victory also would help Washington surpass its win total from last season.
Indianapolis enters this game with the top offense in the league, averaging 433.8 yards per game. The Colts average 30.3 points per game, which ranks fourth-most in the league.
Washington’s offense, meanwhile, ranks 11th in total offense with 365.3 yards per game and 22nd in scoring (19.7 ppg).
The Redskins have the 10th-best defense, limiting teams to 331.0 yards per game while the Colts rank 16th with 359.3 ypg. The Colts give up 23.3 points per game (17th) while Washington surrenders 24.8 (24th).
Washington’s defense is coming out one of its best days of the season, having recorded three takeaways against the 49ers. The unit will try to duplicate that feat in back-to-back games for the first time since Weeks 11 and 12 of 2012.
Washington’s offense has produced at least 120 rushing yards in four straight games now. They will try to extend that streak to five, which would represent their longest such streak since doing so in eight straight games in Weeks 9-17 in 2012.
Wide receiver Pierre Garcon needs nine receptions to reach the 400-catch mark for his career, and four receiving yards to reach the 5,000-yard mark.
Running back Alfred Morris last week had his first 100-yard rushing game of the season and will try to produce his first back-t0-back 100-yard outings since Weeks 9 and 10 of last season.
Morris needs 196 yards to become only the fourth player in Redskins history to post three 1,000-yard rushing seasons. He would join Clinton Portis (four), John Riggins (four) and Stephen Davis (three).
Morris would join Davis as the only Redskins player to record three consecutive 1,000-yard rushing seasons.
Linebacker Ryan Kerrigan needs one sack to set a new single-season career high. Last week he increased his total to 8.5, tying his total from 2012 and 2013.
Wide receiver DeSean Jackson enters the game leading the NFL with 20.4 yards per catch.
Jackson needs two catches and 25 receiving yards to reach 400 career receptions and 7,000 yards, respectively.
Jackson needs one touchdown catch of 50 yards or more to tie Devin Hester (21) for sixth-most on the all-time list since the 1970 league merger.
Some connections between these teams:
Garcon spent the first four seasons of his NFL career with the Colts.
Offensive line coach Chris Foerster coached tight ends for Indianapolis in 2002 and 2013.
Assistant special teams coach Bradford Banta played for the Colts as a long-snapper from 1994-99.
Colts safety LaRon Landry played for Washington from 2007-11.
Colts defensive coordinator Greg Manusky coached the linebackers for Washington in 2001.
Kerrigan grew up in nearby Muncie, Ind., and played at Purdue.
Guard Chris Chester and Colts defensive end Arthur Jones and defensive end Cory Redding were teammates in Baltimore in 2010.
Nose tackle Barry Cofield and Colts receiver Hakeem Nicks were teammates with the Giants in 2010.
Guard Shawn Lauvao played in Cleveland with Colts safety Mike Adams in 2010-11 and linebacker D’Qwell Jackson from 2010-13.
Wide receiver Santana Moss and Colts wideout Reggie Wayne were college teammates at Miami in 2000, and Colts coach Chuck Pagano served as secondary/special teams coach at the school during the same time.
Linebacker Trent Murphy, Colts quarterback Andrew Luck and tight end Coby Fleener played together at Stanford.
Defensive end Jarvis Jenkins and cornerback Bashaud Breeland played at Clemson with Colts tight end Dwayne Allen.
Tight end Jordan Reed and Colts center Jonotthan Harrison and cornerback Loucheiz Purifoy played together at Florida.
Linebacker Perry Riley Jr. played with Colts defensive tackle Ricky Jean Francois at LSU.
Cornerback E.J. Biggers and Colts guard Joe Reitz played at Western Michigan together.
 

2 die  8 injured in road mishap in PunjabThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

VIDEO: Haryana sisters thrash three men for sexually harassing them in moving busPosted: December 1, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 5:38 pm
 
The video(above) of two sisters thrashing three men who were allegedly harassing them in a bus went viral, leading the police to take prompt action against the accused.
Late Sunday night, the three men — identified as Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak — were arrested.
The girls were returning from their Rohtak college to Sonepat in the Haryana Roadways bus on Friday when the men allegedly started harassing them. The girls objected at first, but the men reportedly kept passing lewd remarks. Then the sisters retaliated by beating them with their hands and belt, and attempted to push them out of the bus. They also tried calling the women’s helpline 1091, but in vain.
One of the passengers captured the incident on a mobile phone. The video later went viral on TV and social networking websites.
Inspector Gajender Singh, Station House Officer at the Rohtak Sadar police station, said, “A complaint was received on Friday evening and a case was registered against the three men. They are residents of Assan village.”According to the sisters, the men had harassed them earlier too.
“Mohit and Kuldeep were recently recruited into the Army and will proceed for training soon. The family of the accused were pressuring us to withdraw the case and reach a settlement,” the father of the girls said.
The BJP had prominently mentioned the issue of women’s security in its manifesto before the Vidhan Sabha elections polls in the state.
Haryana Chief Minister M Manohar Lal Khattar, after taking oath, had mentioned that the state government was contemplating deploying women police guards in buses to ensure safety of young girls. However, the proposal is yet to be implemented.

Javkheda dalit killings: CM Devendra Fadnavis sets deadline for police departmentWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:28 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday expressed concerns over the state police departments failure to nab the culprits in the killings of three Dalits in Javkheda Khalsa village in district Ahmednagar.
Fadnavis on Sunday visited the village where three Dalits of the family a mason Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Jayshree (38) and son Sunil (19) were brutally killed.
Fadnavis said, “I am personally monitoring the case. I have made my point clear to the Director General of Police to set the deadline. There cannot be indefinite time period to conduct a case. They will have to come out with some answers in the case.”
The Chief Minister said, “If the police fails in the time frame it sets the government is seriously consider handing it over to the CBI.”
On October 20 and 21, villager reported the killings of three of the Dalit family whose body parts were thrown in well and strewn in their fields.
The Chief Minister held interaction with the villagers, family members and local police officials.
Talking to the family members he said, “All culprits who have committed the barbaric crime will be arrested and punished soon. The
government cannot allow such heinous crime instate.”
The Republican Party of India chief Ramdas Athavale and Bhraip Bahujan Samaj Party chief Prakash Ambedkar visted the village and urged the government to ensure the culprits are booked.
Earlier, Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has also urged the DGP to set up a special task to look into the matter.
The leaders of all political parties including NCP, Shiv Sena, MNS and Congress have also urged the government to expedite the case and punish the culprits.
However, sources in the police department said, “From day one we are on the job. But unless we ascertain the facts it would be improper to name any individual or share the information.”

Delhi rights activists demand end to discrimination against gaysBy: Associated Press | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:27 pm
Nearly a thousand gay rights activists marched through central New Delhi on Sunday to demand an end to discrimination against gays in India’s deeply conservative society.
Holding balloons, flags and placards, activists and their supporters sang songs and danced to the beat of Indian drums as they held hands and walked in the rally, which has been held annually over the past few years. Many wore multi-colored wigs, while others wore face masks or had painted their faces.
Some activists carried a 15-meter (50-foot) rainbow-colored banner, a symbol of lesbian, gay and transgender pride.
They are demanding that the government remove a colonial-era law banning same-sex relations. Supreme Court last year reversed a lower court order that decriminalized gay sex.
Supporters of gays, lesbians and transsexuals vowed to continue pressing for the removal of the law, which makes gay sex punishable by up to 10 years in prison.
Gay rights activists in the parade said the Supreme Court’s decision was a setback. Many people in India are more accepting of gays, especially in big cities where gay-pride parades are now a fixture. Many bars have gay nights, and some high-profile Bollywood films have dealt with gay issues.
In most of the country, however, being gay is seen as shameful, and many gays remain closeted.
“The Supreme Court decision has been a disappointment,” said Hilol Dutta, a gay rights activist who marched Sunday. “We have come together to fight. We should win this case and claim our right to live with dignity.”
The Supreme Court ruled that a 2009 decision by the High Court to strike down the law was unconstitutional, saying that it was for lawmakers not the courts to decide the matter.
The ruling dealt a blow to gay activists who have fought for years for the chance to live openly in the country. Many at the parade said the decision was a denial of their human rights.
“Living in India, a democratic country, we feel our rights are being violated as we are not allowed to live as we want,” said Rudrani Chettri, a gay man wearing a red and black sari, the dress typically worn by Indian women.

Walmart Black Friday Protests Hit Cities With Calls For  $15 And Full TimeWalmart Black Friday Protests Hit Major Cities With Calls For '$15 And Full Time'
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Dirk Rasmussen had Friday off and could have slept in if he wanted to. Instead, the Maryland resident and Teamster rose early and drove to downtown Washington, eager to join a post-Thanksgiving protest against Walmart.
"Our local [union] president encouraged us to take part," said Rasmussen, 58, who works in a lumber and building-supply warehouse. "I raised eight children on a Teamsters benefit package and Teamsters wage. I'm a firm believer in collective bargaining, and I'm very concerned about the security of this next generation."
Black Friday may be most famous for doorbuster shopping deals, but among progressives it's becoming a regular holiday for labor demonstrations. Friday marked the third consecutive year of scattered but highly visible protests against Walmart. Demonstrators, along with an unknown number of Walmart strikers, are calling for better pay and scheduling practices from the world's largest retailer.
On Thursday and Friday, photos on Twitter tagged with #walmartstrikers showed sizable protests in D.C., Pittsburgh, Northern New Jersey, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Calif., and St. Paul, Minn., among other areas. The protests were led by OUR Walmart, a union-backed worker group, alongside community and labor groups in different cities.
100+ stand in solidarity w #WalmartStrikers on thanksgiving in DC pic.twitter.com/Spqc8rsooQ
-- DC Jobs With Justice (@DCJWJ) November 28, 2014
Dan Schlademan, campaign director of Making Change at Walmart, a project of the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, said on a call with reporters Friday that he expects the number of strikers to be in the hundreds by the end of the day, though the group could not provide a specific number of workers who'd submitted strike notices to their bosses.
"All the signs that we're seeing is that this is going to be the biggest day ever," Schlademan said.
Brooke Buchanan, a spokeswoman for Walmart, told HuffPost that the retailer was more concerned with serving its customers than with protests it views as union stunts. According to Buchanan, more than 22 million shoppers came to Walmart stores on Thanksgiving alone this year.
"We're really focused on our customers," Buchanan said. "We've got millions of customers coming in [on Thanksgiving] and Friday, and we're making sure they have a safe and exciting shopping experience."
In D.C., a crowd estimated at 200 to 400 people assembled outside the Walmart store on H Street Northwest, calling on the retailer to commit to "$15 and full time" -- a wage of $15 per hour, the same rate demanded by fast-food strikers, and a full-time schedule for those who want it. One of OUR Walmart's top criticisms of the retailer is that part-time workers don't get enough hours.
The protest was large enough to draw the D.C. police, who stood at the store's doors and dispersed the crowd after about an hour.
Melinda Gaino, an employee at the store, said she would be missing three shifts this week while on strike. Gaino took part in a sit-down strike on Wednesday inside the H Street store, where she and other protesters sat on the floor with tape over their mouths, calling on Walmart to end what they called the silencing of workers.
Gaino, a 45-year-old mother of four, said she joined OUR Walmart in August out of concern with some of the challenges faced by her colleagues. Many workers, she said, don't get enough hours to support their families.
"This has given me more confidence," Gaino, who earns $9.90 per hour, said of going on strike. "I said I've come this far, so I may as well go all in."
Correction: This item originally misstated the number of Walmart shoppers on Thanksgiving.
Nice of @walmart to set up a lovely tableau for #WalmartStrikers ! Roll back? Fight back! #BlackFridayWOA pic.twitter.com/XR0y85co5o
-- Jess Banks (@ProfBanks) November 28, 2014
More:

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha caught snoozing during PM Modi s speechThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amit Shah hits out at Mamata Banerjee  accuses her for sheltering Bangladeshi immigrantsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bill replacing coal ordinance to be brought in Parliament this weekThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear tilak jee  more or less yes in my opinion add omcs to the l...Dear Cindrella, Any idea about Gennex lab. Please share views :-)
Thanks,
358 Followers
Dear ARRISE,
Looking at the past track record of Strides,i will ask you to rethink about the advisability to remain invested in it.
In reply to : ARRISE message
8.55 PM Dec 1st
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
7.47 PM Dec 1st
Platinum Member
358 Followers
You will be surprised that i am adding LUPIN,DIVIS and BIOCON to my portfolio even at the cmp.
In reply to : ARRISE message
6.46 PM Dec 1st
Platinum Member
138 Followers
Agree with u on that..Price has proved that. I am lucky i had strides.. pharma really drove this market of today..
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
6.43 PM Dec 1st
358 Followers
Dear ARRISE,
Nowadays i am seldom writing about the advisability to buy TORRENT on this board,as i am assured of the returns from the stock.I am not adding more to my portfolio,as i am holding enough quantity.
Remember what i wrote in response to your post yesterday."i am still bullish on the market.
There is nothing like TORRENT in the whole pharma space on the Indian bourses.
Platinum Member
138 Followers
Cindrellaji i have seen my breath taken away by a run like this .It means everthing got rerated in pharma.
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
4.33 PM Dec 1st
4138 Followers
Dear  Cindrella,
Suggest a mix  bag of stock which are effected separately by rise in US dollar and the ones which are by Indian rupee.
Tilak
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
10.36 AM Dec 1st
I support for its holding even for short term.
Stay.
In reply to : adk2014 message
10.33 AM Dec 1st
0 Follower
Tilak Sir,
Any updates on Tata sponge.. its going down everyday.. should one continue to hold for mid to long term?
Thanks
In reply to : smartian message
10.24 AM Dec 1st
Platinum Member
138 Followers
Cindrellaji i would b cautious, Reasons is that this is like JPC of india .It will report, ask actions to reduce end  price , In 6 months or so. Actor 12-4 months presidential election issues will crop up and this could b one more. like outsourcing...
Two months back European authorities imposed fine on generic player`s for collusion to keep price high. .. From being welcomed now generic player`s are being monitored for extra profit.
In reply to : cindrella2004 message
10.20 PM Nov 30th

Only 4.5% too less...Platinum Member
37 Followers
Only the petroleum minster changed, not the people at OMCs, they were controlled by forces which are powerful beyond anyone`s imagination. Some time back I read an article, only 3% of oil traded is entire world`s consumption; rest all are speculative interests just playing virtually.
In reply to : grkr2001 message
8.33 AM Dec 1st

Big sell at cmp promoters are reducing their stacksBig sell at CMP promoters are reducing their stacks
9.29 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Those who are real buyer of stock my suggetsion is to forget coming to...Platinum Member
38 Followers
Those who are real buyer of stock my suggetsion is to forget coming to this board for 12 month you may earn decent profit on your invetment of last 12 months
9.28 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Pakistan blocks Saarc deals; PM Modi says things will still get donePakistan blocks Saarc deals; PM Modi says things will still get done
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  Kathmandu, November 26, 2014
First Published: 21:16 IST(26/11/2014) | Last Updated: 08:33 IST(27/11/2014)
Comments
The eighteenth Saarc summit stared at the prospect of concluding without any agreement - as Pakistan has held back its assent to key pacts on connectivity and energy. Even as the stalemate persisted , Prime Minister Narendra Modi - in a clear message to Islamabad - said the countries in the region will deepen bonds, 'through Saarc or outside it, among us all or some of us'.
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif walks past Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the 18th summit of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation in Kathmandu, Nepal on Wednesday. (PTI Photo)
The Kathmandu summit was to witness three agreements - on road connectivity, railways and a framework for energy cooperation. Saarc operates on consensus and Nepali officials hosting the meet confirmed to HT that Pakistan is blocking the pacts saying its internal processes were not complete. But as chair, Nepal was trying to convince Islamabad, said an official.
Even as Islamabad took a hardline, Modi unveiled his own approach to the region in his first Saarc outing. Modi laid out the weaknesses of the regional grouping, spoke about the need to ease barriers, and cited trade, investment, assistance, cooperation in all areas and people to people contacts as the five pillars of a regional vision.
But Modi was emphatic that despite the weaknesses of the multilateral framework, countries were working together bilaterally. He said Delhi-Dhaka had deepened road, rail, power and transit links; with Kathmandu, India had kicked off a new era in energy cooperation and deepened such ties with Thimphu; a free trade agreement with Sri Lanka had been transformative; India was helping meet Maldives' oil needs; despite 'distance and difficulties', Delhi and Kabul had come closer. And in his only reference to Pakistan by name , Modi said bus and train sustain contacts between the two people's.
Besides citing examples of bilateral successes, Modi drove home his point when he said at the end. "The bonds will grow through Saarc or outside it, among us all or some of us."
The principle laid out by Modi had an immediate resonance in the backdrop of the stuck pacts. Syed Akbaruddin, MEA spokesperson, clarified that none of the pacts were 'Indian proposals' and in fact India already had road, rail and energy cooperation with many neighbours separately. "It is an initiative of those Saarc countries who wanted an umbrella framework." In bilateral meetings with Modi, these states were 'more than a little disappointed'. He added that the last summit had witnessed several agreements but the hope was that at an informal retreat on Thursday morning, this would be a major discussion point.
Summing up the Indian approach, an Indian official said, "Look, the message is we are on a bullet train. We want to travel together on it. Get on if you want to, but if you don't, we won't wait."

GDP rises 5.5 per cent in first half of fiscalNew Delhi, November 29, 2014
Updated: November 29, 2014 02:06 IST
GDP rises 5.5 per cent in first half of fiscal
Puja Mehra
economy, business and finance
The GDP growth in the first half of the financial year, April-September, stands at 5.5 per cent as against 4.9 per cent in the corresponding period last year. The September quarter registered a growth of 5.3 per cent, show data released by the Central Statistics Office on Friday.
Growth in government consumption expenditure during the quarter reflected in the pick-up in community and social services growth that surged from 9.1 per cent to 9.6 per cent.
Agriculture performed better than expected even in the face of a lower kharif output and decreasing acreage cultivation. Farm sector growth slipped only to 3.2 per cent from 3.8 per cent. Mining and quarrying growth slowed to 1.9 per cent from 2.1 per cent. Electricity, gas and water supply growth was down to 8.7 per cent from 10.2 per cent.
Financial and real estate services growth too fell to 9.5 per cent from 10.4 per cent.
Call for reforms
Noting the steep decline in manufacturing, industry chambers made a call for reforms and pro-investment policies.
“The Confederation of Indian Industry [CII] notes a moderate decline in GDP growth over the previous quarter owing to a steep decline in manufacturing output … But this does not alter the fact that the economy is on the road to recovery as compared to the previous year,” said CII director-general Chandrajit Banerjee.
He recommended that the Centre roll out proactive policies which would help revive investments and address the bottlenecks plaguing the agriculture and industrial sectors, a stable and predictable taxation system, faster regulatory clearances and industry-friendly land acquisition and labour laws.
While the growth in agriculture and services sector is in line with expectations, the subdued growth in manufacturing at 0.1 per cent is a matter of concern, said FICCI president Sidharth Birla in a statement issued here.
Interest rates crucial
“We look forward to further action on all the pending reforms including early introduction of the goods and services tax, changes to the Land Acquisition Act and further reforms in labour laws. An important element of the cost structure for manufacturing is interest rates and given the current inflation situation the RBI should ease the monetary policy stance,” Mr. Birla said.
“Going forward, while trends in bank credit, tax collections and non-oil non-gold imports remain weak, the reform momentum post the Assembly polls, improving liquidity conditions and project clearances prompt us to retain our full-year growth estimate of 5.6 per cent for 2014-15,” said Citi India chief economist Rohini Malkani in a report.

Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys stake in SpiceJetUpdated: November 28, 2014 23:33 IST
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys stake in SpiceJet
Special Correspondent
company information
Ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala's Rare Enterprises has bought 75 lakh shares or 1.40 per cent stake in SpiceJet Ltd for Rs.13.41 crore through the open market route on Friday.
The move comes amid reports that the Kalanithi Maran-owned airline is in talks with investors to raise fresh capital.
According to bulk deal data on the BSE, Rare Enterprises bought the shares at Rs.17.88 a share. The information on the sellers was not known. Rare has been constantly accumulating SpiceJet shares. It had earlier bought 25 lakh shares each in 2012 and 2013.
SpiceJet shares rose 18.36 per cent to close at Rs.18.24 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, in a strong broader market.

BJP Sena power sharingpower-sharing-deal.html    Cached
According to BJP’s 2:1 formula, Sena may get 10 Ministries. The BJP and the Shiv Sena inched closer to inking power-sharing deal between them on Saturday, a day ...

Kerala custodial death/2014/11/29/...    Cached
KOLLAM: Two policemen were sentenced to life imprisonment and imposed a fine of ` one lakh each for the custodial death of a man in the East Police Station here in 2005.

Weight loss treatmenttreatments    Cached
Read more about Weight Loss Treatments. Use our Weight Loss Treatments overview to find similar treatments, read reviews and find places and practitioners offering ...
Does vlcc weight loss treatment can give results ?
1 answer
No way, I have been thru it and tried it,,,It does NOT help in weight loss..they just extract money from you. I didnt find it helpful at all. It did help me lose weight ..only 2 kgs in 1.5 months..thn i lest it. I didnt find it very...
Does acupressure treatment work for weight loss ?
3 answers
Acupuncture, as part of traditional Chinese medicine, involves stimulating points a map of 12 energy lines or meridians on the body, which are believed to influence physical, emotional and spiritual health. This type of treatment improves...
How safe are the weight loss treatments offerred by reputed institutes?
6 answers
Weight loss treatments offered by institutes like Kaya Life are safe. They have a pool of professional  dietitians and weight loss trainers who help you lose weight without doing damage to your body.

Relief in EU at Cameron immigration planNovember 28, 2014 6:13 pm
Relief in EU capitals at ‘reasonable’ UK plan to reduce immigration
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba3b2d38-771a-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bombs kill dozens outside Nigerian mosqueBomb attacks kill dozens outside mosque in Nigeria
William Wallis in Abuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21424dac-7718-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clash between cyber-titans Alibaba and Tencent intensifiesworld wide web
A war in cyberspace, in anticipation of a sharpening contest for web-based commerce, between China’s two rival social media heavyweights, Sina Weibo and Tencent, has escalated sharply.
On Tuesday, Sina Weiba, a micro-blogging platform owned by the Alibaba group, an e-commerce giant, began to ban users promoting WeChat, run by rival Tencent, on its service. Chinese state-media reported that the move came after WeChat shut down on its site the promotion channel of Kuaidi Dache, a taxi-hailing service, in which Alibaba has a stake. Alibaba and Tencent compete fiercely on all fronts, including internet finance and online commerce.
Though the two platforms are not head-to-head competitors - Sina Weiba is more like a Twitter adaptation and WeChat, a Chinese style Facebook with a difference - they do vie for time and mindshare of China’s social media.
On Tuesday, Sina Weibo did not directly name WeChat as the target, but said that those users would be banned who aggressively spread QR code and other commercial information. WeChat, which uses QR code scanning as its main promotion tool, was hit hardest by the decision.
Analysts say that intensity of the rivalry between the two Chinese companies has grown after Sina Wiebo’s users dropped by nine per cent to 281 million in 2013. On the contrary, WeChat is attracting more eyeballs than ever before.

Journalists should be like honey-bee: ModiAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asked journalists to be like honey-bees–producing honey and at the same time stinging– and not like house-fly which only spreads dirt.
Journalists should be like honeybees — producing honey and at the same time stinging to make a lasting impact and not like the fly which only spreads dirt, Modi said while inaugurating the platinum jubilee celebration of North East’s leading English daily ‘The Assam Tribune’ here.
Modi said “the media faces immense challenge in a fast-moving society like ours. Earlier, we got news once in 24 hours but now we get at least 24 news in one minute and the challenge is to be trusted and remain credible”.
Credibility is a major challenge for the media as, he said, “merely reading the news is not enough but one has to read between the lines to ascertain whether it is credible.”
“Had we ever seen earlier any signboard at any shop saying ‘pure ghee available here’? But now we see such things. Similarly, media, too, has taken to promotion in a big way with slogans like ‘saccha (true) khabar and tej (fast) khabar which makes one wary about its veracity,” Modi said.
The reader “also becomes doubtful that something is wrong when a news report is excessively quoted to a ‘reliable source’ as people expect the media to have the power to take responsibility for what they are reporting”, he said.
“It is very easy to start a news organisation but to remain credible is a challenge,” the Prime Minister said.
Modi asked the media to accept the challenges of threat to freedom of expression posed by certain quarters.
“In a democracy, we realise the importance of freedom of expression only when it is denied to us just like the importance of breathing is realised when one cannot breathe for two seconds,” Modi said.
Modi said “it was Indira Gandhi who made us realise the value of freedom of thought, ideas and expression in a democracy by gagging the media during the Emergency.”
“People refused to accept it and the country was united to assert its right for freedom of expression, though many editors and mediapersons were thrown into prison and faced innumerable challenges”, he said.
“Whenever any person or organisation wants to assert their supremacy, their first attack is on the media and the most recent example is that of the ISIS who made journalists their victims by beheading them,” Modi said.
It was not important for ISIS from which country the journalist belonged to, what language he spoke or what his colour was, but the fact that he was wielding the pen and fighting for the truth was enough to make him a victim, the Prime Minister said.
In the 21st century, “an attack on media is an attack on humanity and is a blot for the nation and the world alike”, he said.
TAGS: Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Sebi  OECD to organise international conference in FebruarySebi, OECD to organise international conference in February
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 11:50 AM IST
Capital market watchdog Sebi along with Paris-based think tank OECD plans to organise an international conference on emerging trends in financial consumer protection in February next year.
Around 250 participants, including from overseas, are expected to attend the two-day conference scheduled to be held during the first week of February in Mumbai.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has association with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
The conference would focus on 'emerging trends in financial consumer protection', according to Sebi.
OECD works towards promoting policies that would improve the economic and social well-being of people. It also provides a forum in which governments can work together to share experiences and seek solutions to common problems.

Clarke pays tribute to  brother  HughesMore
Clarke pays tribute to his 'brother' Hughes
Michael Clarke has marked what would have been Phillip Hughes' 26th birthday by writing an emotional tribute in his newspaper column.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 30 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Michael Clarke has marked what would have been Phillip Hughes ' 26th birthday by writing an emotional tribute in his newspaper column. A clearly distraught Clarke spoke to the media on Saturday morning to express the grief of the players and their love for Hughes, and on Sunday Clarke's column appeared in the Sunday Telegraph.
A highly emotional time for all.Clarke wrote that Hughes was loyal to a fault, eternally optimistic and kind-hearted, with a wicked sense of humour and a child-like verve for life. The two first met when Hughes was 17 and moved from the country town of Macksville to play club cricket in Sydney for Western Suburbs, the same club that Clarke represented.
"I was drawn to him instantly, falling for his cheeky grin and love of life," Clarke wrote. "Phillip truly was uncomplicated -- what you saw was what you got. I don't think in 12 years of playing cricket at the top level I have ever come across a more loyal or generous-hearted teammate.
"Whenever Hughesy suffered adversity -- if he was replaced in the team or if he wasn't scoring as many runs as he wanted -- he never dropped his head, never once complained. If he had a tough conversation with a selector he would nod, agree he needed to work harder, grin because he felt bad for the person delivering the message and then get on with it.
"You knew deep down he was shattered because playing cricket for his country meant everything to him. But his head wouldn't drop because he knew his teammates didn't need that -- he was honoured to be running drinks as 12th man for his mates and he went out of his way to show that. But Phillip's laid-back nature disguised something more important about the man. He was as mentally tough as they came."
From the time Hughes was taken to St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney on Tuesday after being struck in the neck by a bouncer during the Sheffield Shield match at the SCG, Clarke was a constant presence at the hospital visiting Hughes and spending time with his family, parents Greg and Virginia and siblings Jason and Megan.
"I don't have a blood brother, but I am very proud to have called Phillip my brother. I am a better man for having known him," Clarke wrote. "Vale Hugh Dog. I will miss you forever, but I will not forget. Happy birthday bro."
Clarke also expressed his strong support for Sean Abbott , the New South Wales bowler who delivered the bouncer to Hughes on Tuesday.
"No-one -- not one single person -- blames him in any way for what has happened," Clarke wrote. "He deserves our full support, he will absolutely have mine whenever he needs it, and I know that also goes for the entire Australian cricket community."
"Sean, when you feel like getting back on the horse mate, I promise you that I will be the first to strap on the pads and go stand up the end of the net to hit them back at you. It's exactly what Hugh Dog would want us both to do."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

JSW Steel to hike plant capacity at BellaryHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JSW Steel to hike plant capacity at Bellary
PTI
To lay Rs 2000 cr ironore pipeline from Goa
Kolkata, Nov 30:  
JSW Steel is working towards a de—risking strategy for iron ore that will fuel its ambition to turn its Bellary plant into world’s largest single—site steel plant by 2022.
“We are setting up 500 km slurry pipeline to import iron—ore into the Vijayanagar plant in Bellary from a port near Goa. My vision is to turn Vijayanagar from 10 million tonne to 20 million tonne, world’s largest single site steel plant by 2022,” JSW Steel Chairman and Managing Director Sajjan Jindal said here today.
He was speaking on the sidelines of inauguration of Ispat Pragati Bhawan, the new office of Insdag.
He said Karnataka can offer maximum iron—ore of 15 million tonne, while to take the steel production to 20 million tonne, JSW would require 35 million tonne of iron—ore.
Jindal said to lay the 500 km pipeline from Jaigarh near Goa to Bellary district would cost about Rs 2000 crore and the same will come up over the next two years.
The project will pump imported iron—ore from overseas sources and will have an annual freight cost saving of Rs 2000 crore and that will help neutralise the cost disadvantage of imported iron—ore, the company said.
JSW today said only 50 per cent of its iron—ore requirement is fed by domestic sources, mostly from Karnataka.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

601 fell ill after release of chemical waste601 fell ill after release of chemical waste
PTI
Tweet
Thane(Maha), Nov 30:  
As many as 601 residents of Ulhasnagar area here were hospitalised after they experienced breathing problems following release of a hazardous chemical in a water stream apparently after a chemical tanker was cleaned there, a senior official said today.
“A total of 601 people were admitted in five hospitals yesterday and except a few, all others have been discharged,” Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation Commissioner Balaji Khatgaonkar told PTI today over phone.
The affected people, after they complained of breathing problems, burning sensation in the eyes and giddiness problems yesterday, were admitted to the Central hospital, Kamgar hospital, Trimurti hospital, Sadanand hospital and Shivneri hospital.
As of now, 23 people are admitted in Kamgar hospital and 11 in Central hospital. They will be discharged by today evening, he said.
The hazardous material first got mixed in a stream in neighbouring Ambernath. When this polluted water while flowing reached Ulhasnagar, the people living near Waldhuni river started experiencing some side-effects yesterday like giddiness and burning sensation in the eyes, he said.
“Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation, police personnel and officials of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board sprung into action as soon as we got information of this toxic material which, on mixing with water had turned into a poisonous gas and created panic among the people living in the periphery of the water body,” he said.
Efforts were made to ensure that those affected were given medical aid immediately, he added.
Ambernath police had yesterday registered a case against unidentified persons under sections 277 (fouling water of reservoir or public spring) and 278 (making atmosphere noxious to health) of the IPC.
Empty chemical tankers are usually cleaned at the spot from where the hazardous waste is suspected to have entered the river, police had earlier said.
Ulhasnagar tehsildar Varsha Pawar demanded a ban on cleaning of the chemical tankers near the river and also to stop release of chemical waste from industrial areas of Ambernath into the water body.
Local MLA Jyoti Kalani also demanded a complete ban on cleaning of tankers on the river banks and strict punishment for violators.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Assam CM Tarun Gogoi urges PM Narendra Modi to take up issue of China dams on BrahmaputraBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 6:46 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to raise with Beijing the reported construction of dams on Brahmaputra by China.
“It is learnt that China is constructing some dams on the Brahmaputra river in the portion flowing through Tibet. This has created many apprehensions in the minds of the people. We urge that the matter be taken up with the Government of China to ensure that the flow of water in the river Brahmaputra is not altered in any manner detrimental to Assam,” Gogoi said in a memorandum submitted to Modi who concluded his two-day visit to Assam on Sunday.
The memorandum also cited the perennial flood problem of Assam and sought Central assistance in dealing with it.
“There is a requirement of Rs 6,700 crore for strengthening of embankments and other protection measures, which will help us cope better with recurring floods in the long term. It is worth mentioning in this connection that all the embankments constructed immediately after great earthquake of 1950 have outlived their design life and need immediate strengthening,” it added.
Gogoi also urged the Prime Minister for inclusion of erosion in the list of disasters under the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF).
Regarding security and law and order issue, the state government put forward a number of suggestions like having specialised equipment and infrastructure for riverine battalion and police stations, upgrading the police training school in Assam to an academy and modernisation of the force.
The Chief Minister also urged Modi for inclusion of Guwahati, Golaghat, Silchar, Jorhat, Tezpur, Tinsukia, Barpeta and Bongaigaon in the ‘Smart City’ scheme so that its benefits are available to these cities.

Delhi rights activists demand end to discrimination againstgaysBy: Associated Press | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:27 pm
Nearly a thousand gay rights activists marched through central New Delhi on Sunday to demand an end to discrimination against gays in India’s deeply conservative society.
Holding balloons, flags and placards, activists and their supporters sang songs and danced to the beat of Indian drums as they held hands and walked in the rally, which has been held annually over the past few years. Many wore multi-colored wigs, while others wore face masks or had painted their faces.
Some activists carried a 15-meter (50-foot) rainbow-colored banner, a symbol of lesbian, gay and transgender pride.
They are demanding that the government remove a colonial-era law banning same-sex relations. Supreme Court last year reversed a lower court order that decriminalized gay sex.
Supporters of gays, lesbians and transsexuals vowed to continue pressing for the removal of the law, which makes gay sex punishable by up to 10 years in prison.
Gay rights activists in the parade said the Supreme Court’s decision was a setback. Many people in India are more accepting of gays, especially in big cities where gay-pride parades are now a fixture. Many bars have gay nights, and some high-profile Bollywood films have dealt with gay issues.
In most of the country, however, being gay is seen as shameful, and many gays remain closeted.
“The Supreme Court decision has been a disappointment,” said Hilol Dutta, a gay rights activist who marched Sunday. “We have come together to fight. We should win this case and claim our right to live with dignity.”
The Supreme Court ruled that a 2009 decision by the High Court to strike down the law was unconstitutional, saying that it was for lawmakers not the courts to decide the matter.
The ruling dealt a blow to gay activists who have fought for years for the chance to live openly in the country. Many at the parade said the decision was a denial of their human rights.
“Living in India, a democratic country, we feel our rights are being violated as we are not allowed to live as we want,” said Rudrani Chettri, a gay man wearing a red and black sari, the dress typically worn by Indian women.

Centre extends support to tourism in UttarakhandCentre extends support to tourism in Uttarakhand
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
Union Tourism and Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma today extended full support to Uttarakhand in promoting it as a major tourism destination and exhorted people to take forward the cleanliness campaign.
Sharma who visited Haridwar also met Yoga guru Ramdev and discussed various issues related to Yoga and Ayurveda and its contribution in promoting tourism in the country.
“It is the duty of every citizen to sincerely carry forward the message of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan of our Prime Minister in letter and spirit,” a ministry statement quoting Sharma said.
“He urged the local people to keep the ghats clean. He said his ministry will extend all possible help to the tourism industry in Uttarakhand to promote the state as a major tourism destination of the country,” the statement quoted Sharma as saying at a function.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Lufthansa pilots  fresh strike to begin Mond...You are here: Home > Collections > Lufthansa
Lufthansa pilots' fresh strike to begin Monday: Union
AFP Nov 30, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Tags:
Germany
(A leading German pilots'…)
BERLIN: A leading German pilots' union has called a fresh walkout at Lufthansa starting Monday in an ongoing dispute with the airline over retirement benefits.
The strike will target short- and medium-haul flights across Germany from midday (1100 GMT) Monday until just before midnight (2300 GMT) Tuesday when long-haul services will also be affected, the Vereinigung Cockpit union said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hi-tech mass copying in RRB exam bustedHi-tech mass copying in RRB exam busted
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 30:  
The police on Sunday busted a gang involved in the facilitating mass-copying in Railway Recruitment Board (RRB) examination held in various centres.
According to a release from the Cyberabad police, acting on a tip-off a special operation team raided the Salarjung water pump at Upparguda railway gate Near Moula-ali railway quarters and arrested 20 persons involved in the crime and seized electronic devices.
The main accused, Machender who is a railway employee, lured gullible candidates along with a team by collecting Rs 5 lakhs each from each of them and provided electronic devices to them.
He fraudulently collected question paper from the examination centre where R.R.B exam is being conducted and sent it through Whats App application to a gang member to prepare the answers.
The answers were provided in electronic device containing sim card and one ear pin like blue tooth. Over a dozen centres in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh were affected by this mass copying, police said.
Further investigation is on.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Tollywood holds fund-raiser for Hudhud reliefTollywood holds fund-raiser for ‘Hudhud’ relief
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 30:  
In a gesture of solidarity, Telugu film industry on Sunday came together for a fund-raising event to contribute towards relief works for the coastal Andhra region battered by last month’s cyclone ‘Hudhud’
Named ‘Memu Saitam’ (We too), the day-long event saw leading actors participating in a number of fun-filled events like music, comedy shows and sports like kabaddi and cricket. Other events like ‘Tambola with Stars’ have also been proposed to be held till tonight.
Various entertainment shows involving prominent comedy actors like Brahmanandam and Ali drew huge rounds of applause from the audience. A major event ‘Dine with Stars’ was held last night.
Top actors like Chiranjeevi, Nagarjuna, Balakrishna, Venkatesh and junior NTR took part in different events.
The proceeds of the events would go to the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund for the cyclone relief works. Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu would attend the grand finale tonight as the chief guest and receive the fund.
A number of Telugu film personalities have already met Naidu, either individually or collectively, and made monetary donations to the CM’s Relief Fund towards cyclone relief.
“Telugu film industry has always strived and excelled in not only providing unmatchable entertainment, but also in reflecting the issues that concerned the society and the nation, from time to time.
“The Telugu film fraternity has always been consistent in initiating relief action on ground, in the face of numerous calamities, that have befallen the people of AP and India,” a release issued earlier by the film industry said.
“The Telugu film industry is making collective effort to put together a massive and marathon entertainment event on November 30, to encourage people to participate and contribute to their best capabilities and provide support to the cyclone-affected people and the area,” it said.
The film industry had also set up a website hyperlink “http://memusaitam.com“memusaitam.com’ for today’s events and also for making contributions online.
Cyclone Hudhud, that struck north coastal Andhra Pradesh on October 12, left nearly 50 people dead and caused an estimated loss of about Rs 60,000 crores.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Air India plane tyre deflates  flight delayedAir India plane tyre deflates, flight delayed
PTI
Tweet
Jaipur, Nov 30:  
A tyre of a Delhi-bound Air India plane from Mumbai, with over 120 people onboard, was found deflated after landing at Jodhpur, following which the flight was briefly stalled leading to a delay of over three hours.
The flight (AI-476) operating on Airbus 319 aircraft on Mumbai-Delhi via Jodhpur route landed safely at Jodhpur airport this afternoon, but when it was to take off for Delhi one of its tyres was found deflated, a Jodhpur airport official told PTI over telephone.
He said, the plane landed at 11.40 AM at Jodhpur airport, when pilot felt some unusual jerks. After observation it was found that one of the plane’s tyres had reduced pressure.
The incident created panic for a moment after the news of plane’s tyre burst spread, but was soon denied by the airport officials, he said.
An Air India spokesperson in New Delhi confirmed the incident saying one of the plane’s tyre got deflated after it landed at Jodhpur.
Spare tyres, along with engineers and technicians, were sent from Delhi by another plane, following which it was repaired, he said. The plane, with 128 passengers, finally took off for Delhi around 1605 hours after change of tyre, he said.
Meanwhile, Jodhpur Police Commissioner Ashok Kumar Rathore said that police team was sent from Ratanada Thana to Airport for any assistance if required by the airport authorities.
Airport officials said that while the tyre was being replaced, all the passengers were taken to the terminal and were taken care off.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

UP to formulate solid-waste management policyUP to formulate solid-waste management policy
PTI
Tweet
Lucknow, Nov 30:  
Uttar Pradesh government was formulating policy to establish waste—to—power plant for effective management of solid waste in the state.
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today said the state government was working on solid waste management and would soon come up with a policy for establishing power plants generating electricity from solid waste.
“The slogan of clean and green is relevant in today’s perspective. We are working in the area of solid waste management and will soon formulate a policy for waste—to—power plant,” Yadav said, adding that government will support those working in this area.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Dubai to build world s largest airportHi Guest
Dubai to build world's largest airport
The proposed new airport will have five runways which will be simultaneously operational, all A380-compatible with a length of 4.5 km each To further secure its position as the world's aviation hub, Dubai Airports is building a whopping $32-billion greenfield airport at the upcoming Dubai World Central, 30 km off the present international airport which already is the second busiest in the world. The proposed new airport will become the world's largest aviation facility on completion and will ...

Modi to inaugurate 727 MW ONGC power projectModi to inaugurate 727 MW ONGC power project
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 30:  
Prime minister Narendra Modi is likely to meet the Left Front cabinet in Agartala, on Monday, according to a senior Tripura Minister. The Prime Minister will be here to inaugurate the completion of 727MW power project of ONGC.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related
TOPICS
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Nutreco shores up defence against Cargill© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d5a6a5c-7898-11e4-a33c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi says tourism necessary for development of ManipurNov 30, 2014 at 08:34pm IST
PM Modi says tourism necessary for development of Manipur
17
0
Imphal: Prime Minister Narendra Modi stressed the need to augment road connectivity and other infrastructure in Manipur so that tourism could flourish in the state and bring development along with it.
Addressing a mammoth gathering at the concluding day of 'Sangai Manipur Tourism Festival', Modi said the state needed road connectivity and other communication infrastructure system should be developed so that tourists were able to travel to the state.
He said north eastern states was an 'enchanting' place and all efforts should be made to develop the region.
Modi said north eastern states was an 'enchanting' place and all efforts should be made to develop the region.
#development #manipur #narendra modi #sangai manipur tourism festival
Dwarka in Gujarat was liked by tourists not because of its religious connection but because it was developed, the Prime Minister said in his 15-minute speech.
Likewise, the north eastern region, which is full of natural beauties, could be developed, said Modi, who was the chief guest of the 'Sangai Manipur Tourism Festival' here.
'Sangai Manipur Tourism Festival', the biggest tourism festival in the state, is named after 'Sangai', the brow -antlered deer, available only in Keibul Lamjao National Park in Manipur's Bishenpur district.
Besides tourism, the Prime Minister also mentioned the role of sports in the development of the state.
Stating that a sports university would be set up in Manipur, he said the state's youth has lots of talent in various sports.
The Prime Minister arrived here from Assam and left for Nagaland after his brief speech.
2

Tarun Gogoi urged PM Modi to take up issue of  China dams on BrahmaputraNov 30, 2014 at 07:41pm IST
Tarun Gogoi urged PM Modi to take up issue of 'China dams on Brahmaputra'
29
0
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to raise with Beijing the reported construction of dams on Brahmaputra by China.
"It is learnt that China is constructing some dams on the Brahmaputra river in the portion flowing through Tibet. This has created many apprehensions in the minds of the people.
"We urge that the matter be taken up with the Government of China to ensure that the flow of water in the river Brahmaputra is not altered in any manner detrimental to Assam," Gogoi said in a memorandum submitted to Modi who concluded his two-day visit to Assam.
The memorandum also cited the perennial flood problem of Assam and sought Central assistance in dealing with it.
#tarun gogoi #china dam #brahmaputra #assam
The memorandum also cited the perennial flood problem of Assam and sought Central assistance in dealing with it.
"There is a requirement of Rs 6,700 crore for strengthening of embankments and other protection measures, which will help us cope better with recurring floods in the long term. It is worth mentioning in this connection that all the embankments constructed immediately after great earthquake of 1950 have outlived their design life and need immediate strengthening," it added.
Gogoi also urged the Prime Minister for inclusion of erosion in the list of disasters under the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF).
Regarding security and law and order issue, the state government put forward a number of suggestions like having specialised equipment and infrastructure for riverine battalion and police stations, upgrading the police training school in Assam to an academy and modernisation of the force.
The Chief Minister also urged Modi for inclusion of Guwahati, Golaghat, Silchar, Jorhat, Tezpur, Tinsukia, Barpeta and Bongaigaon in the 'Smart City' scheme so that its benefits are available to these cities.
0

Indian nun helping UK police raid brothels run by traffickersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Foreign Investor Inflow Hits $4 Billion in NovemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Theismann: Griffin in embryonic stage as pocket-passerBy Liz Clarke November 30 Follow @lizclarketweet
Robert Griffin III has more room to grow as a quarterback, according to Joe Theismann. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
With his team off to a 3-8 start, first-year Coach Jay Gruden has yet to reverse the Redskins’ dismal trajectory since taking over for Mike Shanahan.
But the decision that will likely define Gruden’s tenure in Washington is put to the test Sunday at Indianapolis (7-4), where Colt McCoy, who opened the season as the squad’s No. 3 quarterback, will lead the team into Lucas Oil Stadium as the incumbent starter.
Gruden announced Wednesday he was benching of Robert Griffin III in favor of McCoy, 28, who in October had engineered back-to-back, come-from-behind victories in six quarters of work against Tennessee and Dallas. McCoy’s unexpected opportunity arose when Kirk Cousins was intercepted once too often while Griffin was recovering from a dislocated ankle.
Gruden’s decision to go back to McCoy following three consecutive losses under Griffin did not come as a surprise to former quarterback Joe Theismann, who well understands the fluctuation of quarterback’s careers in what he calls “a production business,” having started out in the Canadian Football League, led Washington to a Super Bowl championship and suffered a career-ending injury three seasons later.
Theismann said he views Gruden’s decision as purely strategic, without guile, sentiment or favor.
“It doesn’t matter what you have done before in the NFL,” Theismann said in a telephone interview. “The one position that can impact the team the most when it comes to change is the quarterback position. Jay obviously felt Robert wasn’t performing at the level that gave the football team the best chance to win.”
Moreover, the former quarterback noted, Gruden had to factor in the development of the other 52 players on the roster.
“The question was going to be: Do you invest five games in helping Robert work on his game at the sacrifice of the possibility of winning football games, or do you make a change that you believe will give you a better chance at winning games?” Theismann said.
Griffin faced a two-fold challenge entering his third season: Shaking off the rust of an aborted 2013 season, in which he was hampered by returning prematurely from the second major knee injury of his career, and adapting to Gruden’s offense, which calls for the quarterback to make quick decisions operating out of the pocket.
That challenge was compounded by another injury, to his left ankle, in Week 2 that interrupted his progress.
Theismann said he had no doubt Griffin could operate effectively as a drop-back passer in the future. But for now, he viewed him as struggling with the learning curve.
“He is in an embryonic stage when it comes to operating out of the pocket,” Theismann said of Griffin. “Colt and Kirk are just so much further ahead. And this is the offense Jay runs. It’s mandatory to be able to perform out of the pocket: Know what you see, get the ball out of your hands, take the proper steps.
“Robert’s rookie year, he ran an offense that was unique to football. The read option offense was something that [NFL defensive] coaches didn’t really understand, didn’t know how to defend. Now, you hurt your knee the second time and you dislocate your ankle.
“I don’t think he’ll ever be as fast as he was or maybe even as quick as he was; that places a higher premium on him having to learn to be a pocket passer. And he is learning.”

To be or not to be RajanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lufthansa pilots  fresh strike to begin Monday: UnionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

CBI chief nods off during Modi s speechThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Also on abcil (aditya birla group co)Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Management is struggling to make revenue and profit guidance. trident ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Xperts  plz share your views on butterfly....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Titan is at cross roads at the moment. 80:20 is gone & we shall see it...Platinum Member
539 Followers
Titan is at cross roads at the moment. 80:20 is gone & we shall see its effect on stock exchanges on Monday morning. Don`t know which way Titan shall go but would like it to move with the wind/herd power/mentality. - My target for Titan Company is Rs 387 for intraday with a stoploss of Rs 365
9.57 PM Nov 30th  | Track

Infrastructure development is key to Maharashtra s growth: FadnavisInfrastructure development is key to Maharashtra's growth: Fadnavis
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Nov 30, 2014 08:54 PM IST
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has said infrastructure development and the ease of doing of business are keys to growth in Maharashtra, while promising to bring down the number of permissions needed to start an enterprise.
"If India has to grow at 8 per cent, my state has to grow beyond 10 per cent. To achieve that, we have to develop infrastructure and improve the ease of doing business," Fadnavis said at ET Awards function here late last evening.
The newly chief minister said his office is reviewing critical infrastructure projects on a daily basis and also announced a slew of initiatives to make doing business easier.
He said his government is working on a project to reduce the time taken to start a new business to around 3 months by reducing the number of permissions required from 76 at present, to 25.
Moreover, all work would be streamlined and done online to save more time, he said.
The government has also decided to appoint a dedicated facilitator to work as a relationship manager for every project entailing an investment of over Rs 100 crore.
Fadnavis said construction of houses and commercial space is very essential to deliver growth and added that his government is working on a scheme to reduce the time taken for permissions on this front from 180 days at present, to a mere 30 days.
On the infrastructure for Mumbai, which the government intends to develop as a global financial hub, Fadnavis said that work on multiple infrastructure projects is on and his government expects some progress shortly.

Self-destructing marketSelf-destructing market
Stephanie Rogan |  Nov 30, 2014 09:31 PM IST
Financial innovation became a four-letter word in the global financial crisis. New York's Green Bank, led by a former Goldman Sachs partner, is out to prove otherwise. By teaming up with the private sector to fund clean - and profitable - energy projects, Richard Kauffman is hoping to create a genuine marketplace for green securities. The full mark of success would be his new bank's gradual disappearance.
Efficiency projects should be low-hanging fruit for investors. A recent initiative that carried out energy-saving retrofits in the South yielded a 387 per cent return on investment, according to the Southeast Energy Efficiency Alliance. Yet upgrades like extra insulation and new boilers are prohibitively expensive for most individuals, and loans to single residences are far too small for banks to bother with.
The Warehouse for Energy Efficiency Loans (WHEEL), a programme supported by Green Bank, has figured out how to address this economy-of-scale challenge by tapping capital markets. The programme is aggregating publicly supported loans and storing them in a virtual warehouse. Once it has critical mass, it plans to pool the loans and sell them to institutions, freeing up cash to purchase more of them.
If all goes to plan, borrowers will eventually save enough money on their utility bills to cover costs, and lenders face little risk. A study by the American Council for Energy-Efficient Economy showed default rates range from zero to three per cent. The default rate on student loans is four times higher.
But success isn't guaranteed. It's virtually impossible to put a dollar amount on future energy savings, which may make the loans a hard sell. It can also take years to see savings from some improvements, during which time homeowners may have sold and moved on.
The goal is to create a self-sustaining secondary market for clean energy securities. It's happened before. In 2012, Connecticut's Green Bank partnered with Sungage Financial to create a solar-loan investment product. In October, Sungage graduated from the bank after being approached by a private-sector partner. If the New York Green Bank is as lucky, it too can eventually put its energy elsewhere.

Ferguson protesters bring their message to Black Friday salesBy Sarah Halzack and David Montgomery November 28 Follow @sarahhalzack Follow @dmontyjr
While Black Thursday and Black Friday remained festive occasions at many malls and big-box stores across the country, some protesters used the consumer spending bonanza to highlight their anger over the slaying of Michael Brown and to call for change in the criminal justice system.
At about 6 p.m. on Thursday evening in Ferguson, Mo., the parking lot in front of the Toys R Us on West Florissant Avenue was empty. The windows and doors had been sealed with plywood, as a precaution against the window breaking that took place earlier in the week in shopping strips a short drive away. A sign tacked to the plywood said the store would open at 7 a.m. Friday.
In the same plaza, the Wal-Mart Supercenter was closed too. About a dozen state police officers and National Guard members stood outside the front, with an armored vehicle parked beside them. They would not permit anyone to approach the building. A police officer said the store would open at 8 a.m. Friday morning.
About a dozen or so peaceful protesters and reporters milled about, but apparently no shoppers.
“Where’s my turkey?” demonstrator Don Fitz repeated rhetorically to the media and the officers. Fitz is co-coordinator of the Green Party of St. Louis, one of dozens of groups that have protested after the killing of Michael Brown. Some in the movement have called for using Black Friday as a focus of more protest, though exact plans had not been revealed Thursday evening.
“We are here because Walmart is the epitome of an anti-worker, anti-community, racist store,” Fitz said.
On Friday, the Wal-Mart store opened as scheduled at 8 a.m., but there were relatively few shoppers. As they entered, they were told there were “no sale items,” and many then turned away. An assistant manager said that since the store was not open Thursday, staff could not set up sale items, so sales were redeployed to other stores. Police patrolled the parking lot and private security guards were posted inside the store. A handful of protesters, including members of the Revolutionary Communist Party, were told to leave the parking lot. They stood at the entrance to the parking lot with signs that said “No Shopping As Usual Black Lives Matter Friday.”
Small Ferguson-related protests cropped up elsewhere across the country.
Here’s a photo from a demonstration in Chicago.

Telangana decentralises levy rice procurementTelangana decentralises levy rice procurement
K V Kurmanath
Move to save money. FCI will continue to procure boiled rice
Hyderabad, November 28:  
The Telangana Government has decentralised procurement of levy rice in the nine districts of the State (excluding Hyderabad). This helps save a lot of money spent on transportation of the commodity from FCI facilities to the Civil Supplies offices and then to the fair price shops.
This will also help the consumers in a particular district to get the rice produced in that district under the Public Distribution System.
The move was initiated during the unified Andhra Pradesh in the financial year 2012-13 when the Government decentralised the procurement in three districts of Karimnagar, Nalgonda and Warangal. It later added Medak to the list.
“We have taken a decision for the current financial year to add the remaining five districts of Mahbubnagar, Nizamabad, Adilabad, Khammam and Rangareddy,” C Partha Sarathi, Commissioner (Civil Supplies) and Ex-Officio Secretary to Government, said here in a statement on Friday.
Under the decentralised procurement, the entire raw rice will be sold by the rice millers to the State Civil Supplies Corporation under mill levy (the mandatory sale to the government). In addition, the Department would mill the paddy procured by it directly from the farmers in the respective districts.
The Food Corporation of India (FCI) will procure boiled rice under levy for PDS deliveries in Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

James Watson to sell Nobel Prize medalJames Watson to sell Nobel Prize medal
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5fb47ebe-75bc-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi elections: Manish Sisodia  Rakhi Bidlan in AAP s 2nd list of candidatesDelhi elections: Manish Sisodia, Rakhi Bidlan in AAP's 2nd list of candidates
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 29:  
Gearing up for the yet to be announced Assembly elections in Delhi, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) released its second list of 13 candidates on Saturday.
Earlier, it released its first list of 22 candidates. With this list, AAP has become the first party in Delhi to have declared 50 per cent or 35 candidates for the 70-member Delhi Assembly.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia is being fielded from Patparganj, Rakhi Bidlan from Mangolpuri, Madan Lal from Kasturbanagar, Raju Dhingan from Trilokpuri, Dinesh Mohania from Sangam Vihar and Prakash Jarwal from Deoli.
The other candidates are senior leader Gopal Rai from Babarpur, Imran Hussain from Ballimaram, Asim Ahmed Khan from Matia Mahal, Hazari Lal Chauhan from Patel Nagar, Ram Niwas Goel from Shahadra, Mahindra Goel from Rithala and Raghuvendra Shaukeen from Nangloi Jat , an AAP release said.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Campaign against Govt s move to cut social sector spending from Nov 30Campaign against Govt's move to cut social sector spending from Nov 30
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 29:  
Questioning the kind of growth model pursued by the Government, civil society activists on Saturday called for a wider public debate on the reported move to curtail social sector spending on schemes such as the rural job guarantee scheme, MGNREGA, and for the HIV affected.
“Considering the fact that the Government is forecasting a 5.3 per cent growth rate for this year, the social sector cuts in Budget raises the question as to what kind of growth is the Government shaping,” economist Prabhat Patnaik said at a press conference held by over 50 civil society organisations, who announced a three-day campaign from November 30 in Delhi under the slogan ‘Abki Baar, Humara Adhikar’.
Cut in HIV budget
Kousalya, who works with HIV infected patients, said the drastic cut of the HIV budget by Rs 485 crore from Rs 1,785 crore could be likened “to a death certificate for the huge number of women, men and children who are living with and affected by HIV”, warning that the Budget crunch may lead to the resurgence of the epidemic.
Admitting that there were systemic problems in some programmes, economist Praveen Jha said that the Government needs to initiate policy measures to address these problems instead of cutting down the fund allocation for social sector schemes.
“Each of these cuts should be discussed in the public domain,” he said, adding that “the Finance Ministry has imposed these cuts without any justification, just to meet their fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent.''
Subrat Das of the Centre for Budget Governance and Accountability (CBGA) said”the process of deciding the revised estimates should go through Parliament and discussed in the public domain”.
He said research by CBGA had indicated that the levels of fund utilisation and the quality of expenditure in social sector programmes can be improved significantly by addressing three kinds of problems, viz. poor quality of decentralised planning in schemes, delays in fund flow from the Centre, and inadequate institutional capacity due to shortage of human resources in social sectors.
Rural job scheme
Dipa Sinha of Right to Food Campaign and Nikhil Dey of Jan Awaaz said the Rs 3,000 crore cut sought to be imposed on the rural job scheme was a “gross violation of human rights''. About 10 States have sought more resources from the Union Government in the past couple of months.
The activists said while the Government could be trying to generate funds for some of its initiatives such as Smart Cities, Ganga Rejuvenation, and Swachh Bharat, it should avoid pitting these against other development schemes. “Instead, the Government should try to expand the size of the Union Budget (as a proportion of GDP) by increasing the country’s tax-GDP ratio,” they added.
The participating organisations include the Centre for Budget and Governance Accountability, Akhil Bhartiya Railway Khan-Pan Licensees Welfare Association, All India Agricultural Labourers' Association, All India Democratic Women's Association, All India Progressive Women Association, Chhattisgarh Kisan Majdoor Andolan, Ekta Parishad, Green Peace, Jamia Teachers' Solidarity Campaign, Jan Swasth Abhiyan, Pension Parishad, and Right To Food Campaign.
(This article was published on November 29, 2014)
Related

Black Friday gets a little less frenziedGovt extends olive branch to Kalanithi Maran's Spicejet, allows ticket bookings for next 3 months
Black Friday seemed a little less crazy this year.
There were squabbles here and there, and elbows got thrown, but the Friday morning crowds appeared smaller than usual and less frenzied, in part because many Americans took advantage of stores’ earlier opening hours to do their shopping on Thanksgiving Day.
That might be hard to stomach for people worried about commercial encroachment on Thanksgiving. But it is good news for bargain-hunters who hate crowds.
Whether it’s good news for retailers remains to be seen. Sales estimates for the start of the holiday shopping season will start trickling out later in the weekend.
Stores such as Wal-Mart and Target reported brisk Thanksgiving crowds. The colossal Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, said it drew 100,000 people between 5 p.m. Thursday and 1 a.m. Friday, nearly what it draws over a typical full day.
On Friday, plenty of shoppers were out, but it wasn’t elbow-to-elbow, said Moody’s analyst Michael Zucchero, at a mall in northern Connecticut.
”Traffic seems a little light,” he said. ”Stores being open last night takes away some of the early birds.”
Brooklyn residents Paul and Mary Phillips shopped at Target, Old Navy and Marshalls on Friday at the Atlantic Terminal Mall in New York City.
They picked DVD box sets for $5, marked down from $45, and speakers for $19, down from $50. They didn’t even have to wait in line.
”Because stores were open on Thursday, they’re not as crowded now,” Paul Phillips said.
There were scattered reports of shopper scuffles and arrests. In addition, protests were planned nationwide over minimum-wage laws and the grand jury decision in Ferguson, Missouri.
Protesters interrupted holiday shopping at major stores around St. Louis to vent their anger over the decision not to indict the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown.
They temporarily shut down two large malls in suburban St. Louis. At one of those, the Galleria Mall in Richmond Heights, about 10 miles south of Ferguson, at least 200 protesters gathered. Several stores lowered their security doors or locked outside entrances as protests sprawled onto the floor while chanting, ”Stop shopping and join the movement.”
In Chicago, about 200 people demonstrated near the city’s popular Magnificent Mile shopping district, calling on people to boycott Black Friday shopping to show their solidarity with protesters in Ferguson.
Other disruptions: Best Buy’s website went down on Friday morning for about an hour, and then for another hour again in the evening.
Spokesman Jeff Shelman said ”a concentrated spike in mobile traffic” prompted the company to temporarily shut down the site. Online monitoring firm Dynatrace said Cabela’s, Foot Locker and J.C. Penney also had website problems.
Online shopping, especially on phones and tablets, may be siphoning off some shoppers from the malls.
IBM, which tracks online sales, said they rose 8 percent compared with Black Friday last year as of 3 p.m. E.T., with much-increased shopping on mobile devices.
In the stores, Toys R Us and Target executives said shoppers seem to be buying more than just the doorbusters and are filling their carts with items not on sale. That’s a sign that lower gas prices and an improving job picture are making shoppers more confident about opening their wallets.
At clothing stores, discounts were steep, with Old Navy offering up to half off everything. Best Buy offered $100 off some iPads. And Target slashed prices on TVs and video game consoles.
At the Westfield Fox Valley mall in Aurora, Illinois, the mood was calm. Some groggy shoppers were still in pajama pants, coffee in hand.
Kimberly States, shopping with her 11-year-old daughter, said it was markedly quieter around 6:30 a.m. Friday than the night before.
”It was a zoo last night around 10 p.m.,” States said. ”Now it seems like more of the old folks.”
Last year, sales on Black Friday slumped 13.2 percent to $9.74 billion, according to ShopperTrak, which tracks data at more than 70,000 stores globally. Bill Martin, co-founder of ShopperTrak, said it is unclear how stores will fare this year.
Retailers have turned to Thanksgiving openings to stay competitive and avoid losing sales that have shifted earlier into the holiday, said Ramesh Swarmy, a retail partner at the Deloitte consulting firm.
The holiday weekend still sets the tone for the shopping season, whose sales this year are expected to rise 4.1 percent to $611.9 billion. That would be the biggest increase since 2011. Black Friday has been the biggest shopping day of the year since 2005.
Brian Cornell, who became Target’s CEO in August and was at a Target store in New York’s East Harlem neighborhood on Thursday, said shopping traditions have changed.
”It’s been more of a week event,” he said.
As a result, some Black Friday shoppers were disappointed by what was left on shelves.
Kathy Wise of Scottsdale, Arizona, started shopping at 5 a.m. with her mother-in-law, hitting Wal-Mart, Target, Toys R Us and Sports Authority.
”It’s not as busy today,” Kathy Wise said as the two combed through a shelf of Monster High dolls. They couldn’t find the one Kathy’s daughter wanted, and said it seemed as if some of the best deals and items were already gone.
”It’s kind of a bummer,” Wise said.
TAGS: Black Friday Wal-Mart Stores
More from industry

Omar accuses Lone of ganging up with BJPAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today accused Sajjad Gani Lone of ganging up with the BJP, which he alleged wants to end the special status of the state, a charge which the separatist-turned-politician said was “shameless”.
“Today, suddenly one of the leaders (Sajad Lone) sees a brother in (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi. The brother who wants to remove Article 370, the flag and the constitution of this state.
“The brother who wants to bring down our mosque and construct a temple there, a brother who wants to remove the Shariah law (Muslim Personal Law) and replace it with uniform civil code,” Omar said addressing an election rally in Handwara area of Kupwara district.
Lone, who joined mainstream politics by contesting 2009 Lok Sabha polls, is making his debut in Assembly elections by contesting from Handwara segment which goes to polls on December 2. BJP has not fielded its candidate from Handwara segment.
Omar said people of Kashmir do not need such “brothers” and wished Lone “all the best”.
“If I had been Bilal Lone (Sajad’s elder brother), I would have been scared today,” said Omar.
Lone also hit out at Omar saying his allegations against him were “shameless”.
“I do not want to get personal against Omar but his remarks against me on Article 370 and other issues are just shameless. I do not need tutoring from Omar on Article 370. He is talking about preserving the cultural identity when he cannot even speak Kashmiri. He has lived all his life outside the state and got power on a platter,” Lone said.
The separatist-turned-politician said Omar should ask his father how he and his grandfather sold the soul of Article 370.
Lone had met Modi on November 10 and after the meeting described the Prime Minister as “elder brother”.
Lone, who joined mainstream politics by contesting 2009 Lok Sabha polls, is making his debut in Assembly elections by contesting from Handwara segment which goes to polls on December 2. BJP has not fielded a candidate from Handwara segment.
“What have I done? I have never entered the Assembly. Article 370 has been eroded by National Conference and Congress,” Lone alleged.
He said Omar has made a public speech but it was the people who would decide on December 2, when polls would be held.
Omar had asked the people to give a verdict for their honour by voting for National Conference and voting against those who used the separatist platform to exploit thousands of young boys right to their youthful graves to reach a stage where they could impetuously jump in to the lap of RSS.
The JK Chief Minister said National Conference would not allow any political force to toy around with the political sentiments, aspirations and rights of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
Meanwhile, BJP spokesman for Kashmir, Khalid Jehangir said Omar was frustrated at the prospects of losing in the Assembly elections.
“He has lost relevance in Kashmir politics. With nothing to show for in his six year rule, he was making such statements,” Jehangir said.
TAGS: Omar Abdullah Sajjad Lone
More from miscellaneous

Mauritius emerging as largest FDI source with $4 bn inflowsMauritius emerging as largest FDI source with $4 bn inflows
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 12:05 PM IST
Mauritius is again emerging as the largest source of foreign direct investment (FDI) in India, accounting for an inflow of $4.19 billion in the April-September period.
According to official data, the inflow of foreign investment from Singapore amounted to $2.41 billion, followed by the Netherlands at $1.95 billion and USA ($1.19 billion) during the six month period.
Investments from United Kingdom was $842 million till September.
In 2013-14, Singapore had pipped Mauritius as the largest source of FDI in India, accounting for about 25% of total FDI inflows in the fiscal.
During the last financial year, India attracted $5.98 billion in FDI from Singapore, whereas it was $4.85 billion from Mauritius.
The third country from where FDI inflow was high was United Kingdom at $3.21 billion, followed by the Netherlands at $2.27 billion.

Boost demand of Shariah-compliant MFs by giving tax relief: ExpertsBoost demand of Shariah-compliant MFs by giving tax relief: Experts
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Nov 30, 2014 12:00 PM IST
To boost the demand for Shariah compliant mutual funds in the country, government should provide income tax relief on investment in such products along the lines of equity linked savings schemes (ELSS), experts have said.
Shariah laws prohibit one from investing in companies dealing with businesses like alcohol and tobacco, among others. They also do not allow interest payments.
SBI Mutual Fund is launching an Shariah-compliant diversified equity fund on December 1, aimed at attracting investments from the country's large Muslim population. The scheme closes on December 15 and the fund is likely to reopen on or before December 26.
The leading asset management firm will become the fourth fund house in India to have an Islamic equity fund after Goldman Sachs MF, Taurus MF and Tata MF.
"There is no tax incentive on investment by the government for any of the Shariah compliant equity funds. Had there been separate tax incentive for such schemes, they must have attracted more and more people," Economic Initiatives founder and consultant for participatory finance serving Basix social enterprise group, Syed Zahid Ahmad said.
Industry officials say that tax incentives will give a much-needed boost to such products.
Tata Mutual Fund's Senior Fund Manager Pradeep Gokhale said the Tata Ethical fund offers investors (irrespective of their religious preferences) an avenue to own high quality growth stocks that perform consistently across market cycles.
"Unlike tax saving mutual funds and equity linked saving schemes (ELSS), there is no tax incentive on investment in these funds. It is despite the fact that only capital gain and dividends are tax free in these funds," Gokhale said.
There is a big niche investor base who is not investing their money anywhere else and we want to bring such money into the capital market through this scheme, SBI MF Chief Marketing Officer D P Singh said.
As applicable to other equity schemes, all returns in this type of fund, if kept for more than 12 months will be treated as long term capital gains, which is taxed as nil.
Shariah compliant equity index or BSE Sharia Index has outperformed the BSE Sensex by 7-8% in the last year, he added.
The BSE launched a specialised index, the S&P BSE 500 Shariah last year, which has given an annual return of 44.55% as against the annual return given by S&P BSE Index at 39.70% as on November 28, the BSE site said.
"The investible universe typically consists of companies that have high return ratios, strong cash generation to support the growth of their businesses and very low leverage. Such stocks give consistent and superior returns over a complete market cycle with low volatility," Gokhale said.

Tata Docomo users can now carry forward their unused dataTata Docomo users can now carry forward their unused data
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Nov 30, 2014 01:55 PM IST
Tata Docomo has launched a facility for its pre-paid customers which allows them to carry forward their unused data benefits to the next pack.
The users need to recharge before their existing data pack validity expires to avail the facility.
"Users can now carry forward their unused data balance, for 2G by recharging with a 2G data pack and for 3G by recharging with a 3G data pack before their existing data pack validity expires," Tata Docomo said in a statement.
The company said owing to the large volume of data consumed, it recognises the need to help customers manage their data usage better and in an economical manner.
*****
Volini to enhance image from consumer brand to fitness product
Ranbaxy-owned Volini is looking at partnering sports associations and participating in health-related initiatives as it looks to enhance its image from being a consumer focussed brand to a fitness product.
After partnering with Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, wherein Volini created a "Recovery Zone", the brand is now looking at expanding the format across Mumbai and Bangalore marathons.
"The association (with Airtel Delhi Half Marathon) will further strengthen Volini's position. Running is becoming increasingly popular from a fitness perspective and we are happy to be the preferred choice of the runners when it comes to recovery," Ranbaxy Vice President and Head Consumer Healthcare Subodh Marwah told PTI.
These "recovery zones" have professional therapists and sports injury counsellors, masseurs, foam rollers, beds, lounge to offer support to participants of marathons.
Previously, Volini has also been associated with English Premier League.

Hero MotoCorp plans to set up facilities in Brazil  ArgentinaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero MotoCorp plans to set up facilities in Brazil, Argentina
PTI
Tweet
Bogota (Colombia), Nov 30:  
Eyeing aggressive expansion in Central and Latin America, India’s largest two—wheeler maker Hero Moto Corp plans to set up manufacturing units in Brazil and Argentina, even as it expects upcoming plant in Colombia to help widen its reach in the region.
“We believe that the factory in Colombia will be a good hub for supply to other markets for us in Central and Latin America,” Hero Moto Corp MD & CEO Pawan Munjal told PTI.
“We will get into manufacturing in Brazil. Argentina also requires us to manufacture locally, which is also on the cards. We would like to enter the Brazilian market along with the Rio Olympics in 2016,” he added.
Hero MotoCorp launched six of its best-selling bikes here as part of its target to clock 1.2 million unit sales from global business by 2020.
The two-wheelers rolled out include the 100 cc bikes — Splendor iSmart, Eco Deluxe, and Passion—Pro; the 125 cc Glamour; the 150 cc Hunk and the 225 cc Karizma ZMR. The bikes will be sold in 120 outlets spread across the country.
This July, the company formed a wholly—owned subsidiary in Colombia and commenced construction of a state—of—the—art manufacturing plant in the country.
The project entails investment of $70 million in capital expenditure as well as working capital over a three—year period, he added.
“In the first phase we are going for manufacturing 75,000 to 80,000 units in annual capacity, going up to 1,50,000 units in next phase,” Munjal said on the upcoming unit in Colombia.
With this, the New Delhi-headquartered Hero MotoCorp will be the first Indian two-wheeler company to have a manufacturing plant in Latin America. The plant in Colombia is expected to go on stream by the middle of 2015.
Munjal said the company is looking to establish manufacturing and assembly units in 50 countries worldwide as part of its global expansion plans.
By 2020, the company aims to be in over 50 countries with 20 plus assembly facilities globally.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Muffler Man  no longer laughing matter  AAP gets a fund boostAfter Christmas in school holiday row, Narendra Modi govt backtracks
It may have been ridiculed by many, but the ‘Muffler Man’ campaign on social media by Aam Aadmi Party volunteers has the party laughing all the way to the bank as it sees a “rise” in donations ahead of Delhi assembly election.
The campaign, inspired by AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal who was often seen with a muffler during campaigning last year and while he was the Delhi Chief Minister for 49 days, took thesocial media by storm and has been trending on Twitter for the past eleven days.
While Kejriwal’s “common man” attire became his trademark, he also faced some ridicule. Party sources said the AAP leader is prone to throat infection during the winter, which is why he prefers to guard his ears and neck with the muffler.
AAP spokesperson Atishi Marlena said the party did not undertake this campaign but some of the volunteers started it.
Party workers said the idea of Muffler Man initially came from a volunteer in Mumbai.
“The response for this from our volunteers was so encouraging that it instantly became a hit. Then a volunteer from London made pictures which further made the campaign famous.
“Volunteers across the globe started tweeting about this for the first three days after which it started trending,” said a party vounteer.
“#Mufflerman is trending in top three since last 11 days. The word Muffler Man was used 3 lakh times on Twitter in three days. The purpose is to take the campaign to the people and we are succeeding in it,” the volunteer said.
In another video campaign on women safety that has become viral on social media, three eve-teasers are waiting at the bus stop, while a girl arrives there.
She is scared and stays away, but the boys tell her that she is safe. The campaign ends with one of the boys saying, “There is no place for people like us because Muffler man is coming to Delhi this winter.”
The video has been reportedly made by party volunteers.
Another poster based on Hollywood movie Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, which has gone viral on Twitter, says, “Fear is Near… After 49 days of Glory, he is coming back to hunt corruption from every street of Delhi…The Muffler Man Return, the Corruption Hunter.”
With the idea catching imagination of people, the party is working to use the “Muffler Man” image to strengthen its base.
It has, however, clarified that the campaign on them social media has nothing to do with the party.
“The party did not undertake this campaign. It was some of our volunteers who started the campaign and was instantly like by people,” said party spokesperson Atishi Marlena.
The party has also seen a surge in donations.
“After donating money, people are leaving messages that they were giving money to the muffler man and his clean politics,” said Arvind Jha from the fund raising team of the party.
Since November 1, the party has collected over Rs 1 crore across the globe.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party
More from miscellaneous

Petrol price cut by  0.91  diesel by  0.84 a litreTweet
New Delhi, Nov 30:  
Public sector oil retailers on Sunday announced a cut in the retail prices of petrol and diesel, effective midnight November 30/December 1, by 91 paise a litre and 84 paise a litre, respectively, in Delhi.
The price cut will vary from State to State depending on local taxes and levies.
In a statement issued here, Indian Oil Corporation said the auto fuel prices were last reduced on November 1, on the back of declining international oil prices.
“Since the above price changes, the international prices of both petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. The rupee-US dollar exchange rate has, however, appreciated since the last price change. The combined impact of both these factors warrant a decrease in retail selling prices of both petrol and diesel,” it said.
Indian Oil Corporation said that the movement of prices in the international oil market and the forex rate shall continue to be closely monitored and the market trends will be reflected in price changes.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Indian Diaspora becoming vulnerable to terror attacks: IB chiefIntelligence Bureau chief Syed Asif Ibrahim. File photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
The ISIS and al­Qaeda have posed serious security challenges to India and the Indian Diaspora may become increasingly vulnerable in the days to come.
This warning was sounded during Saturday’s deliberations at the 49 General of Police/Inspectors General of Police and heads of Central police organisation, said the Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief Syed Asif Ibrahim while addressing the second day’s session in Guwahati on Sunday, in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Chief Ministers of northeastern States.
Mr. Ibrahim also said that the conferenc,e while deliberating on the security challenges to posed by terror groups like ISIS, al­Qaeda, felt that the threat was likely to accentuate as the situation unfolds further in the future.
There is also an imminent threat of Indian youth moving to conflict zones and emerging as role models, he said and added that such a development might, directly or indirectly, pose threat to India.
The IB Director said that in the hinterland of the country, efforts of Pakistan and Pakistan-sponsored groups like Lashkar­e­Taiba, Jaish­e­Mohammad and SIMI to organise violent attacks on India has been continuing while busting the terror modules of the Jamaat’ul Mujahideen of Bangladesh in West Bengal have exposed the attempt by the Bangladeshi outfit to set up a base in the country.
He underlined the need for formulation of effective response by involving community leaders to counter jihadi threats and said that prominent Muslim organisations, seminaries, clerics in India have rejected the activities of terror outfits like ISIS as un­Islamic.

BJP s Bengal strategy: Bangladeshi immigrants  not Muslims are the enemyBJP's Bengal strategy: Bangladeshi immigrants, not Muslims are the enemy
Archis Mohan | New Delhi Dec 01, 2014 12:28 AM IST
A couple of months earlier, Siddharth Nath Singh, the Bharatiya Janata Party’s central functionary in charge of West Bengal, was faced with a dozen-odd Muslim youths in the Burrabazar area of central Kolkata. All wore skull caps and said they wanted to join the BJP.
The local unit had invited television crews, to publicise the event. Singh, in full view of the journalists, asked the youths whether they had been instructed to don skull caps for that event.
That stunned the party unit. However, Singh was laying down the party strategy specific to Bengal. Muslims comprise 25-30 per cent of its voters and 42 per cent in 140 of 341 development blocks. Singh, a grandson of former prime minister Lal Bahadur Shastri, asked the youths not to put on skull caps if they didn’t wish to.
“We are not concerned with the religious affiliation of our workers and supporters. The issue in Bengal is of Bangladeshi ghuspathiye (infiltrators) — the threat they pose to the peace and stability of the state and how they impact the socio-economic security of all its residents,” a party’s senior leader said.
Ghuspathiye, literally infiltrators, is the term BJP uses to describe illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.
It is a political line that BJP President Amit Shah pursued at his rally in Kolkata on Sunday. Shah accused Mamata Banerjee-led Bengal government of protecting these immigrants.
He also alleged that money from Saradha chit fund scam funded the Burdwan bomb blasts, suspected to be the handiwork of “infiltrators” from Bangladesh. “It is the people of West Bengal that have elected you (Banerjee) CM, not the infiltrators from Bangladesh. Stop protecting them,” he said.
“The Bengali Muslim is as much a nationalist as any Bengali,” is now a catchphrase with party leaders there.
The BJP’s Bengal strategists argue the Sachar committee report showed how a majority of Bengali Muslims lived in extreme poverty. They contend that goons, mostly from among the “infiltrators”, with support from religious outfits across the border, are the chief exploiters of the common Bengali, whether Hindus or Muslims.
BJP leaders also claim these “goons” are the source of TMC’s influence in the rural hinterland, as they were for the CPI (M) earlier.
The party strategists say the rising numbers of Muslims joining the party in recent months, in the hope of finding protection, corroborated their analysis.
The claim is that the number of Muslims joining the party has doubled since the Lok Sabha elections.
The victory of the BJP candidate from Dakshin Basirhat in the recent Assembly by-polls is seen as a further proof that Muslims support the party —Basirhat is near the Bangladesh border.
The party is confident of doing better than its Lok Sabha election success — it received an unprecedented 17 per cent vote — in the coming civic body polls and the 2016 assembly elections.
Its previous best was 12 per cent of votes in 1991, on the strength of the Ram Janmabhoomi movement.
However, few within the party had expected such a stark change in its fortunes until a year before. “Signs that people wanted BJP to play a effective role in the state politics were there but we didn’t acknowledge these,” a leader said.
He recounted an incident from April 2013, when a district unit wanted to gift then BJP’s prime ministerial candidate (and Gujarat chief minister)  Narendra Modi a statue of Vivekananda during his visit to Kolkata.
“We wanted a sculpture from the Krishnanagar area of Nadia, famous for its pink-hued clay statues,” he said. The cost of the statue, at  Rs 25,000, was somewhat beyond the budget of the local unit.
“The Muslim sculptor, when told it was a gift for Modi, reduced the price substantially and requested my worker that Modi should do something about Bangladeshi infiltrators,” the leader said, adding most people in the state know that the BJP is the only party that can address the issue.
However, the Bengal unit continued to play it safe. Modi, during his February rally in Kolkata, didn’t attack the Bengal CM or her party for its “appeasement” of “infiltrators”.
However, that changed by mid-April. In one of her election speeches, Banerjee said her government treated people from Rajasthan and Bihar as “guests” in her state, as they’d lived there for over a hundred years. “Then what are Bangladeshi infiltrators?” retorted Singh in a press statement that went viral.
A few days later, Singh and Bengal BJP leader Rahul Sinha accompanied Modi in the car when he landed for a rally at Srirampur.  
The two convinced him that he shouldn’t pull his punches on Banerjee. Modi spoke about the Saradha scam, how its chairman bought a painting by Banerjee for Rs 1.8 crore and her government’s “appeasement” policy for 55 minutes.
“Modi ji  was convinced when minutes after the rally, the owner of a Kolkata-based media house phoned to congratulate him for capturing the mood of Bengal,” the BJP insider said.
Modi had planned three public rallies in Bengal but eventually addressed eight. The BJP says it has, since the Lok Sabha elections, re-settled 5,500 Hindu refugees from Bangladesh in Madhya Pradesh, identified “infiltrators” in Basirhat and other border areas and reached out to the sizable dalit population of the state.
Its swelling ranks have also meant its workers are standing up to what the leadership calls intimidation by TMC workers.

I will uproot TMC from Bengal  says Amit ShahI will uproot TMC from Bengal, says Amit Shah
BS Reporter | Kolkata Dec 01, 2014 12:31 AM IST
The previous time Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah addressed a political rally in the city, he did the unthinkable. He came up with the slogan, “Gali Gali main shor hain, Mamata Banerjee chor hain (There is a chant in the streets saying that Mamata Banerjee is a thief),” which was a scathing attack on the personal integrity of Banerjee, Trinamool Congress (TMC) chief and West Bengal chief minister, who had made her political career portraying herself as a squeaky clean leader. Now, Shah has taken it a step ahead.
“Saradha’s money has been used in Barddhaman terror plot and the Trinamool leaders are hand in gloves with it,” Shah told a massive rally in the heart of the city on Sunday, kickstarting the party’s campaign for the civic body elections scheduled for early next year. With a bird’s eye view on the upcoming civic polls, Shah said, “You elect a BJP mayor in Kolkata municipal polls, the reverse countdown for this government will start with that and a Trinamool-free Bengal will be achieved.”
The BJP president made full use of it by accusing Banerjee of practising vote-bank politics. “Didi is trying to shield Bangladeshi jihadis  for petty interests, she should remember that she represents West Bengal and not Bangladesh,” he said.  
Shah, on his part however, took a break from his speech when Namaz  (prayers) started. “Let’s pause and not give Didi any excuse,” he said with a grin. West Bengal's Muslim population stands at around 27 per cent.
He also took a swipe at the TMC protest in Parliament against the black money trail. “I want to ask the TMC leadership if the Saradha money was black or white, I want to ask Mamata who bought her paintings and for how much,” he said.
The rally had grabbed headlines even before Shah landed in the city, primarily due to the TMC-led Kolkata Municipal Corporation’s refusal to give permission for it. The civic body and the fire services refused permission sighting technical deficiencies such as failing to mention the details of the dais.
The municipal corporation and the fire services were forced to grant permission after the Calcutta High Court asked the local agencies to ensure that the rally took place following guidelines.  Even a section of the TMC felt that the party “scored a self-goal” by being stubborn to stop the rally and had in turn made the BJP‘s case stronger.
The BJP claimed that attendance would have been much higher but TMC cadres had stopped thousands of supporters who were on their way to the rally. The BJP had set a target of 200,000 for the rally and achieved around 130,000. In a recent television interview, Banerjee had said she did not know who Amit Shah was. The BJP president replied to it, saying, “I am Amit Shah, a simple karyakarta  of the party, and I will uproot TMC from Bengal.”

Europes savers grapple with rate divideEurope’s savers grapple with rate divide
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dee70e20-7712-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Im a bit hyperactive  not a workaholic© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/177d7f46-755e-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What women want is good adviceWhat women want is good financial advice
Sophia Grene
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33407232-7636-11e4-9761-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Outside the boardroom  looking in© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a0b2646-73d9-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pregnancy is still a career killer‘Pregnancy is still a career killer’
Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59a36f32-7565-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund industrys reputation repels womenNovember 30, 2014 3:33 am
Fund industry’s bad reputation repels women
Ruth Sullivan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e32fce3a-73ee-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Zealand register innings win  level series1-1By: Reuters | Sharjah |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:48 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:49 pm
Paceman Trent Boult took four wickets as New Zealand beat Pakistan by an innings and 80 runs to win the third and final Test within four days and level the series 1-1.
Pakistan, who won the first match of the series in Abu Dhabi by 248 runs, were all out for 259 in their second innings in Sharjah on Sunday.
Asad Shafiq staged a lone battle for Pakistan and completed his fifth Test hundred with an aggressive 137 off 148 balls but ran out of partners in the end.
On a docile pitch at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium where New Zealand posted their highest total in Tests, the 25-year-old Boult extracted enough movement and pace to rattle the Pakistan top order.
Shan Masood (4) edged Boult to Tim Southee at slip in the third over, while the paceman bowled Azhar Ali (6) with the last delivery of his fourth over and then returned to dismiss Younus Khan for a duck leg before with the first ball of his next.
Off-spinner Mark Craig, who took seven wickets in the first innings, continued to punish Pakistan by dismissing opener Mohammad Hafeez and captain Misbah-ul-Haq.
Hafeez (24) looked solid before he fell in the second over after lunch, offering a tame return catch to the 27-year-old Craig. Misbah (12) then reviewed the umpire’s bat-pad decision off the same bowler but failed to overturn it.
Sarfraz Ahmed (37) took the attack to the New Zealand bowlers and added a quickfire 73 for the sixth wicket with Shafiq.
But leg-spinner Ish Sodhi, who saw Sarfraz dropped twice off his bowling in one over, took out the wicketkeeper-batsman and Yasir Shah (10) to take New Zealand closer to victory.
The 28-year-old Shafiq smashed 18 fours and six sixes in his knock and added 78 for the ninth wicket with Rahat Ali to delay New Zealand’s celebration. He fell to Boult.
Rahat became the last man out and Craig’s 10th victim in the match.
Earlier in the morning, New Zealand’s first innings closed on 690 with Craig (65) becoming the sixth batsman to score at least a half-century in the innings.
The visitors hit 22 sixes in total, another record for the most number of maximums in a Test innings.
Paceman Rahat and leg-spinner Yasir Shah picked up four wickets each for Pakistan, while part-time off-spinner
Hafeez, who was reported for an illegal action after the first Test in Abu Dhabi, took the remaining two wickets.
Vettori delays retirement
New Zealand’s veteran spinner Daniel Vettori said he didn’t feel it appropriate to call time on his Test career after the tragic death of Phillip Hughes who was like a team-mate.
The 35-year-old staged a comeback in Test cricket after an injury gap of 28 months in the third and final Test in Sharjah, a match overshadowed by Hughes’s tragedy.
Vettori said he was unlikely to add to his record 112 caps for continued…

German retailers happy with start to Christmas shopping seasonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

JSW plans 20MT capacity at Bellary  Rs 2000 cr iron ore pipelineJSW plans to expand unit capacity
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Dec 01, 2014 12:31 AM IST
JSW Steel is working towards a de-risking strategy for iron ore that will fuel its ambition to turn its Bellary plant into the world’s largest single-site steel plant by 2022. “We are setting up a 500-km slurry pipeline to import iron ore into the Vijayanagar plant in Bellary from a port near Goa,” Chairman and Managing Director Sajjan Jindal said on Sunday.
He said Karnataka can offer ore of 15 mt, while to take the steel production to 20 mt, JSW would require 35 mt of ore. The project will pump imported ore from foreign sources and will have an annual freight cost saving of  Rs 2,000 crore and will help neutralise the cost disadvantage of imported ore, the company said.
JSW on Sunday said only 50 per cent of its iron-ore requirement is fed by domestic sources, mostly from Karnataka.

IIF seeks new plan on bank failuresJune 7, 2012 10:14 pm
IIF seeks new plan on bank failures
By Michael Stothard in Copenhagen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f184a86-b0bc-11e1-a2a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The taste test: chocolate coins and spiced lattes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c341deee-75bd-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Fast Lane: an un-festive future© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39af9f16-7628-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amit Shah: Mamata blocking NIA probe | Will uproot corrupt TMC from West BengalAmit Shah
(Addressing a big rally in…)
KOLKATA: Accusing Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of putting hurdles in the NIA probe into the Burdwan blast, BJP president Amit Shah today said this was being done to save the TMC leaders allegedly involved in the incident.
Addressing a big rally here, he also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
"Saradha Chit Fund money was used in the Burdwan blast. The NIA is not being allowed to probe the blast properly. Hurdles are being created. It is being done in order to save TMC leaders who are involved in the blast," he said.
Lashing out at Banerjee for daring to say that the CBI was being used in the Saradha scam to settle political scores, Shah dared her to declare that those arrested by the CBI in connection with the Saradha chit fund scandal were innocent.
"If Mamata Banerjee has the guts then why is she not saying that those arrested by the CBI in the Saradha scam are innocent? Earlier it was only alleged, but now it is proved that TMC leaders are involved in the scam," Shah said.
Shah said Banerjee had tried to undermine national security for the sake of "votebank politics".
The BJP chief also expressed surprise over why the Shyamal Sen Commission was closed by the TMC regime.
"I ask Mamata Banerjee to answer who brought her paintings. You should say if TMC leaders have taken benefits from the Saradha scam. Mamata Banerjee, who had fasted during the Singur land movement, is now trying to save the culprits in the Saradha scam," Shah said.
He also ridiculed the protest by TMC MPs outside Parliament over the issue of black Money, saying, "What do TMC and Mamata Banerjee have to say about the money siphoned off in the Saradha scam? Was that black money or white money"?
Shah alleged that in order to pursue vote bank politics, TMC is giving shelter to Bangladeshi infiltrators.
"Why are you trying to give shelter to Bangladeshi Infiltrators? You are the chief minister of Bengal because of the people of Bengal not for Bangadeshi infiltrators and anti-Indian elements," said Shah.
Shah questioned why the Bengal police did not take action against terrorist Shakeel Ahmed who was involved in the blast earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

40 Indian prisoners released by PakistanrepatriatedBy: Press Trust of India | Attari (amritsar) |
Posted: November 30, 2014 7:32 pm
As many as 40 Indian prisoners including 35 fishermen were today repatriated by Pakistan government through Attari-Wagah land route.
They were released from Pakistan jail on Friday, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif warmly shook hands and exchanged pleasantries at the 18th SAARC Summit in Nepal.
They crossed over to India on the basis of ‘Emergency Travel Certificate’ issued by the Islamabad based Indian High Commission, officials said here.
They crossed over to Indian territory through the land transit route of Attari-Wagah border.
Among the prisoners, 35 fishermen inadvertently went into Pakistani waters through Arabian Sea while fishing and later they were held by the Pakistani coast guards for illegal fishing.
Immediately after the repatriation, medical examination of all prisoners was conducted by the team of Indian doctors.
The five Indians were arrested in Pakistan as their travel documents were not complete.

GlaxoSmithKline to axe US jobs as part of $1.6 billion cost cuts: Sourcesasthma
(Staff in the US, where GSK has…)
LONDON: GlaxoSmithKline will this week inform US staff of hundreds of job cuts in its biggest market as the drugmaker starts implementing a major cost-saving programme, sources familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
Britain's top drugmaker announced at third-quarter results on Oct. 22 that the new restructuring scheme would save 1 billion pounds ($1.56 billion) in annual costs over three years, but it has yet to tell employees where the axe will fall.
Staff in the United States, where GSK has been struggling with falling sales of respiratory drugs, will be briefed on the changes on Wednesday by the company's head of North American pharmaceuticals Deirdre Connelly, the sources said.
A GSK spokesman declined to go into details but said the aim of the restructuring programme was to improve performance by reducing complexity and establishing a smaller, more focused and lower-cost organization.
"Each business unit is currently deciding how to respond to this challenge. When we do have proposals, we will first share those with our employees," he said in an e-mailed statement.
Respiratory medicine has traditionally been GSK's strongest business and Advair - an inhaled therapy for asthma and chronic lung disease - is its biggest seller. But Advair sales are now tumbling the United States, while new lung drugs Breo and Anoro are proving slow to take off.
Advair has been hit by competition from rivals and an increasing trend by US health insurers to use hardball tactics to get drugmakers to cut prices for older products.
French drugmaker Sanofi has reported similar pressures from US insurers in the diabetes market.
US insurers, who themselves are under pressure to keep premiums in check, are pushing back particularly hard on prices for medicines in areas like diabetes and respiratory diseases where there are multiple options for doctors and patients.
The revamped GSK operation in the United States is designed to defend the company's margins in this tough environment. The changes will also take into account the movement of some pharmaceuticals staff as a result of a complex asset swap deal with Switzerland's Novartis , which is taking over GSK's oncology business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prosecutor Manipulates Grand Jury Process to Shield Officerreddit
You know the fix is in when a suspect who shot an unarmed man voluntarily provides four hours of un-cross examined testimony to a grand jury without taking the Fifth.
On August 9, Ferguson, Missouri Police Officer Darren Wilson gunned down 18-year-old African American Michael Brown. Since that fateful day, people across the country have protested against racial profiling, excessive police force, and the failure of the criminal justice system to provide accountability.
The nail in the coffin of "equal justice under law" came on November 24, when the St. Louis County grand jury refused to indict Wilson for any criminal charges in the shooting death of Brown. In a virtually unprecedented move, St. Louis Prosecutor Robert McCulloch in effect deputized the grand jurors to sit as triers of fact as in a jury trial.
In a normal grand jury proceeding, the prosecutor presents evidence for a few days and then asks the grand jurors to return an indictment, which they nearly always do. Of 162,000 federal cases in 2010, grand juries failed to indict in only 11 of them, according the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
The standard of proof for a grand jury to indict is only probable cause to believe the suspect committed a crime. It is not proof beyond a reasonable doubt, which is required for conviction at trial. Yet McCulloch's team presented testimony and documents to the panel for three months, evidence not subjected to adversarial testing by cross-examination.
Justice Antonin Scalia explained the function of the grand jury in United States v. Williams as follows:
[I]t is the grand jury's function not 'to enquire . . . upon what foundation [the charge may be] denied,' or otherwise to try the suspect's defenses, but only to examine 'upon what foundation [the charge] is made' by the prosecutor. [citations omitted] As a consequence, neither in this country nor in England has the suspect under investigation by the grand jury ever been thought to have a right to testify or to have exculpatory evidence presented.
Every principle Scalia cited was violated in this case. The grand jury was asked to determine whether Wilson acted in self-defense. Wilson was allowed to give four hours of self-serving testimony to the grand jury. And for three months, prosecutors presented both incriminating and exculpatory evidence.
The prosecutor did not ask these grand jurors for an indictment. They were left to sift through the evidence on their own, with no prosecutorial guidance about what to charge. Indeed, the transcripts indicated that prosecutors asked Wilson gentle, leading questions designed to bolster his self-defense claim. For example, a prosecutor told Wilson, "You felt like your life was in jeopardy," followed by, "And use of deadly force was justified at that point, in your opinion?" But prosecutors rigorously challenged witnesses who contradicted Wilson's testimony.
As the grand jury is a secret proceeding, with only the grand jurors and the prosecutor present, the grand jurors did not hear any cross-examination of the officer's testimony, or that of other witnesses (which is customary in an adversarial jury trial). These grand jurors, who were nearing the end of their term, which began in May, knew the drill, since they had sat on several other cases. They knew the prosecutor always asks for indictments. Thus, when the prosecutor handled the Wilson case in a radically different manner, this signaled to the grand jurors that they were not expected to indict. And they did not.
Another unorthodox aspect of this case was McCulloch's announcement of the grand jury's decision on national television. Sounding like a defense attorney delivering a closing argument in a jury trial, McCulloch characterized and analyzed the witness testimony in the light most favorable to the officer.
McCulloch has a history of bias in favor of police involved in altercations with black men. But, ignoring the pleas of 7,000 residents in and near Ferguson who signed a petition, McCulloch refused to recuse himself in the Wilson case.
McCulloch had mischaracterized testimony in a 2000 case in which two black men were killed after officers fired 21 shots at them. As in the Wilson case, the reasonableness of the officers' use of deadly force was critical. In the 2000 case, the officers said the two victims were driving toward them, trying to run them down, and McCulloch claimed that all the witnesses corroborated the officers' story. A later federal investigation, however, determined that the car was not moving forward, and that only three of the thirteen officers said the car was moving forward.
Likewise, Wilson's claim that Brown was "charging" at him when the officer fired the fatal shots into the top of Brown's bowed head was critical to the reasonableness of Wilson's use of deadly force. When McCulloch announced the grand jury's decision, he characterized the witnesses who testified that Brown was "charging" the officer as believable, but dismissed the testimony of witnesses who said Brown was surrendering. McCulloch sounded like a defense attorney, not a prosecutor charged with representing "the people," including Brown.
Wilson fired 12 shots at Brown, six of which struck the teenager. There was a great deal of contradiction among the witnesses, including whether Brown's hands were up or down when Wilson shot at him. That is precisely why there should have been an indictment and a jury trial. Jurors would hear all of the evidence, subjected to adversarial testing by cross-examination. They would assess the credibility of the witnesses, and determine whether Wilson had committed any crime(s) beyond a reasonable doubt.
After reviewing the transcripts and evidence in the Wilson case, San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi noted :
Dorian Johnson, the key witness who was standing next to Brown during the encounter, provided strong testimony that called into question Wilson's claim that he was defending his life against a deranged aggressor. Johnson testified that Wilson, enraged that the young men did not obey his order to get on the sidewalk, threw his patrol car into reverse. While Wilson claimed Brown prevented him from opening his door, Johnson testified that the officer smacked them with the door after nearly hitting the pair. Johnson described the ensuing struggle as Wilson attempting to pull Brown through the car window by his neck and shirt, and Brown pulling away. Johnson never saw Brown reach for Wilson's gun or punch the officer. Johnson testified that he watched a wounded Brown partially raise his hands and say, 'I don't have a gun' before being fatally shot.
Adachi also wrote, "Prosecutors never asked Wilson why he did not attempt to drive away while Brown was allegedly reaching through his vehicle window or to reconcile the contradiction between his claim that Brown punched the left side of his face and the documented injuries which appear on his right side."
If properly directed, the grand jury may well have indicted Wilson for one of several offenses, including first degree murder, second degree murder, voluntary manslaughter, involuntary manslaughter, assault with a deadly weapon, unlawful discharge of a firearm, and battery. Wilson testified that he was acting in self-defense when he shot Brown. If he were indicted, the jury would assess whether Wilson acted reasonably when he used deadly force against the teenager.
A police officer in Missouri can use deadly force in making an arrest or preventing escape if he reasonably believes it is necessary to effect the arrest and also reasonably believes the person to be arrested has committed or attempted to commit a felony, or may otherwise endanger life or inflict serious physical injury unless arrested without delay. The key word is "reasonably." The jury would be told to consider whether a deadly weapon was used, how far apart Wilson was from Brown when the former used deadly force, any disparities in the sizes of the two, the crime involved, etc. The evidence was contradictory about the distance between the two during the confrontation, both Wilson and Brown were the same height but Brown was heavier, and the officer contradicted himself about whether he knew that Brown was suspected of committing petty theft for stealing cigarillos (a misdemeanor, not a felony) before the officer stopped him.
In Tennessee v. Garner , the Supreme Court held that an officer cannot arrest an unarmed felony suspect by shooting him dead. If the suspect threatens the officer with a weapon, or there is probable cause to believe he has committed a crime involving the infliction or threatened infliction of serious physical harm, deadly force may be used if necessary to prevent escape. Although there is a dispute about whether Wilson knew that Brown was suspected of stealing cigarillos before stopping him, Brown had likely committed petty theft -- a non-violent misdemeanor, not a felony.
Wilson's testimony raises several questions, listed in a piece by Ezra Klein on Vox:
Why did Michael Brown, an 18-year-old kid headed to college, refuse to move from the middle of the street to the sidewalk? Why would he curse out a police officer? Why would he attack a police officer? Why would he dare a police officer to shoot him? Why would he charge a police officer holding a gun? Why would he put his hand in his waistband while charging, even though he was unarmed?
In my opinion, McCulloch should have filed charges against Wilson, who would then have had the right to a public preliminary hearing. He could present evidence and cross-examine the witnesses against him. And if it were televised, the viewing public could see that justice is done.
According to Adachi,
Wilson's description of Brown as a 'demon' with superhuman strength and unremitting rage, and his description of the neighborhood as 'hostile,' illustrate implicit racial bias that taints use-of-force decisions. These biases surely contribute to the fact that African Americans are 21 times more likely to be shot by police than whites in the US, but the statement's racial implications remain unexamined.
Because of the great social implications of cases involving police shootings of people of color, the presumption in these cases should be that prosecutors utilize the public preliminary hearing process instead of the secret grand jury proceeding.
In a unified statement, several civil and human rights organizations recommended an independent and comprehensive federal investigation by the Department of Justice (DOJ). They said the DOJ should also investigate all police killings and reports of the use of excessive force and racial profiling against youth and people of color. And they would require Body-Worn Cameras to record every police-civilian encounter, and increased community oversight of local law enforcement.
Thousands of people in cities throughout the country are protesting the travesty of justice that occurred in Ferguson. But, as the civil and human rights organizations wrote in their statement, "Nothing will be resolved until there is a systemic change throughout this nation in the implicit and explicit bias against people of color and particularly African-American youth who are routinely targeted by law enforcement even within their own communities."
Marjorie Cohn, a criminal defense attorney, is a professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law, where she teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and evidence. She is co-author (with David Dow) of Cameras in the Courtroom: Television and the Pursuit of Justice .
Copyright, Truthout . Reprinted with permission.
More:

Will implement many FSLRC points: Arun JaitleyTata Steel close to reopening its top iron ore mine
Accusing Congress of following an obstructionist approach, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was committed to going ahead with reforms measures to take India back to original potential of 8 per cent economic growth.
Outlining the government’s priorities like introduction of GST (Goods and Services Tax) in the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament, changes in the land acquisition law, auction of non-coal minerals and elimination of non-deserving sections from subsidy net, he said the key economic portfolios were being handled by people who have no baggage of the past.
“Now all these changes have certainly changed the environment, changed the mood. India is back on the radar. I am quite conscious of the fact some people will try and obstruct though the national mood is to the contrary. The obstructions won’t be able to sustain for too long”, he said addressing the ET Awards function here.
“And once we are able to pursue that agenda, and I think with changing systems and all other institutions also realising that the sectors in which India needs to be helped can be helped by these measures. I am sure the effect on the ground and the change in figures will also be evident”, he said.
Seeking a shared vision among all stake holders like government, opposition, judiciary and legislature, Jaitley criticised the Congress approach saying “it seems to be that the party is saying now that I am out, let me obstruct. Since I am not in government, it is not my responsibility. So I will obstruct.”
He also charged the Congress party with having an obsolete mindset that led to enactment of a measure like the ‘draconian’ land acquisition law under which it was not possible to build a private school, hospital or hotel.
The Finance Minister said Modi has put young people in charge of key economic ministries because they do not carry the baggage of the past and will have a fresh thinking and the ability to learn fast.
He said the government is working on the e-auction route for allocation of non-coal minerals like iron ore to remove discretionary allotments.
“Nobody today claims that I went to a minister and had to make non-commercial commitments for approvals. Gone are the days of a person being sent to party office with a slip,” he said apparently referring to approvals being given after donations to parties.
Reiterating his opposition to subsidising affluent classes, he said people pay taxes not for subsidising the rich. “We have to look at how to eliminate (undeserving) people from the subsidy net. An unquantified amount cannot be given to a unquantifiable sections.”
Referring to the government’s decision not to levy taxes retrospectively, Jaitley said, taxes which must be paid must be realised but what cannot be realised cannot be taken forcefully.
Such an approach, he said, did not bring even one rupee more to the kitty but got a bad name for the country.
Govt to soon implement many FSLRC recommendations: Arun Jaitley
The government will soon implement a large number of legislative and administrative recommendations of the Financial Sector Reforms Commission (FSLRC), which had suggested a major overhauling of financial sector regulations.
“As the change in process of reform continues … I have not the least doubt that a large number of these (FSLRC) recommendations will actually see implementation in the days to come,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitely said at a seminar organised by the ICSI.
The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), chaired by Justice B N Srikrishna, has suggested a non-sectoral, principle-based approach to revamp the existing framework. Among various suggestions, the FSLRC has suggested creation of a unified financial sector regulator comprising SEBI, IRDA, FMC and part of RBI.
Jaitely said four different groups are studying the report and the implementation of the suggestions would require legislative as well as administrative changes.
FSLRC, which submitted its report to the government in March last year, has also given a draft legislation for putting in place an Indian Financial Code (IFC).
Various stakeholders, including RBI, are opposed to certain proposals under the IFC.
Jaitley said, “Some legislative changes will also be required. I think with a combination of these administrative and legislative changes, the professional regulatory mechanism will come to stay.”
The country, Jaitley said, has moved away from state- regulated mechanism to a mechanism where the market is trusted and there are professional regulators to deal with issues in sectors concerned .
“We need to learn, not only from the best practices in India, but from the best global practices. And the Commission’s report is an extremely important step in that direction. Under the present circumstances, there are lots of changes which are required,” he said.
The recommendations of the FSLRC are divided into legislative and non-legislative aspects.
It has recommended a seven-agency structure for the financial sector — the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Unified Financial Agency (UFA),
Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Resolution Corporation (RC), Financial Redressal Agency (FRA), Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) and Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA).
TAGS: Arun Jaitley B N Srikrishna Goods And Services Tax Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from economy
Govt considering 6 FDI proposals in single-brand retail Six proposals for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the single brand retail sector are under the process for approval.

VIDEO: Haryana sisters thrash three men for sexually harassing them in movingbusPosted: December 1, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 5:38 pm
 
The video(above) of two sisters thrashing three men who were allegedly harassing them in a bus went viral, leading the police to take prompt action against the accused.
Late Sunday night, the three men — identified as Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak — were arrested.
The girls were returning from their Rohtak college to Sonepat in the Haryana Roadways bus on Friday when the men allegedly started harassing them. The girls objected at first, but the men reportedly kept passing lewd remarks. Then the sisters retaliated by beating them with their hands and belt, and attempted to push them out of the bus. They also tried calling the women’s helpline 1091, but in vain.
One of the passengers captured the incident on a mobile phone. The video later went viral on TV and social networking websites.
Inspector Gajender Singh, Station House Officer at the Rohtak Sadar police station, said, “A complaint was received on Friday evening and a case was registered against the three men. They are residents of Assan village.”According to the sisters, the men had harassed them earlier too.
“Mohit and Kuldeep were recently recruited into the Army and will proceed for training soon. The family of the accused were pressuring us to withdraw the case and reach a settlement,” the father of the girls said.
The BJP had prominently mentioned the issue of women’s security in its manifesto before the Vidhan Sabha elections polls in the state.
Haryana Chief Minister M Manohar Lal Khattar, after taking oath, had mentioned that the state government was contemplating deploying women police guards in buses to ensure safety of young girls. However, the proposal is yet to be implemented.

Reserve Bank s central dilemmaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

European boards become more internationalEuropean boards become more international in nature
Sarah Gordon, Business Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6796e54c-76e1-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sexism still plagues fund managementSexism still plagues fund management
Chris Newlands and Madison Marriage in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb505d7c-7716-11e4-8273-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 Best Educated Cities In AmericaTweet
The pursuit of higher education is more common in America today than in previous generations. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, roughly 41% of Americans aged 18 to 24 were enrolled in a two- or four-year degree-granting institution, far more than the 25.5% enrolled in 1967.
As of last year, nearly 30% of all American adults 25 and older had attained at least a bachelor’s degree. Yet, in some cities, a far higher percentage of residents are college educated. Boulder, Colorado, led the nation last year with 58.5% of adults having attained at least a bachelor’s degree, while the Lake Havasu City, Arizona, metro area had the lowest percentage of college-educated adults, at just 11.3%.
According to Pedro Noguera, professor of education at New York University, a combination of related factors affect the likelihood college-educated adults will move to or stay in a particular city. Perhaps not surprisingly, primary among them is the presence of colleges and universities.
Click here to see the least educated cities in America.
At least one major academic institution was located in all of the most-educated U.S. cities. According to Noguera, many graduates choose to remain in their college’s city, adding to the numbers of college-educated adults. In addition, since “there are many highly educated people, employers who rely upon a more highly skilled and highly educated pool of employees are drawn to those areas.” This can both encourage recent local graduates to remain in the city, as well as encourage other well-educated people to move there.
As one might expect, cities with the highest college attainment rates also tend to have higher median household incomes. Household incomes in most of these cities were in line with the national median of $52,250 in 2013, and in several cases were far higher. The San Jose, California, and Bridgeport, Connecticut, metro areas had particularly wealthy residents, with median household incomes of $91,533 and $82,084, respectively.
Earnings vary dramatically according to a person’s level of education. While a typical American adult with less than a high school diploma earned slightly more than $20,000 in 2013, a typical person with a bachelor’s degree earned more than $50,000.
In many cities, however, a high-paying job is by no means guaranteed to recent graduates. As Noguera explained, “the relationship between education and income is not linear. While people with more education generally earn higher wages than individuals with less, there are many exceptions to the pattern.” For instance, the median income for adults with a bachelor’s degree was lower than $40,000 in four of the 10 most-educated cities.
Noguera also pointed to other factors that help shape the relationship between education and income. “One factor influencing the relationship is the local economy and the types of jobs that are available. In the most prosperous cities — New York, Seattle, San Francisco, and Boston — high wage jobs are in the financial and high-tech sectors. Individuals with college degrees who are not able to find employment in those sectors will often have lower wages.”
According to a 2013 report from the Milken Institute, five of the 10 most-educated metro areas had among the absolute highest shares of output from the technology sector in the nation. In fact, Corvallis, Oregon, had a greater high-tech GDP concentration than any other small city identified by the Milken Institute.
To identify the most-educated cities in America, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed U.S. metropolitan areas with the highest percentage of adults 25 and older with at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. Educational attainment rates, median earnings by level of education, household median income, population estimates, and poverty data all came from the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2013 American Community Survey. Unemployment rates came from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and are annual averages for 2013.
These are the most-educated cities in America

Coal India Executives Seek Prime Minister s Intervention for Performance Related PayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

stress tests are not enoughOctober 27, 2014 6:33 pm
Stress tests alone will not bring the eurozone back to health
Gavyn Davies
A dysfunctional banking system should no longer be fatal for growth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63f168e2-5dee-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU leans on big banks for bailout fundEU leans on big banks to finance bailout fund
Peter Spiegel and Alex Barker in Brussels and Alice Ross in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/abc93c04-591f-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ahmednagar Dalit killings: CM Devendra Fadnavis sets deadline for policedepartmentWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: November 30, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 9:28 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday expressed concerns over the state police departments failure to nab the culprits in the killings of three Dalits in Javkheda Khalsa village in district Ahmednagar.
Fadnavis on Sunday visited the village where three Dalits of the family a mason Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Jayshree (38) and son Sunil (19) were brutally killed.
Fadnavis said, “I am personally monitoring the case. I have made my point clear to the Director General of Police to set the deadline. There cannot be indefinite time period to conduct a case. They will have to come out with some answers in the case.”
The Chief Minister said, “If the police fails in the time frame it sets the government is seriously consider handing it over to the CBI.”
On October 20 and 21, villager reported the killings of three of the Dalit family whose body parts were thrown in well and strewn in their fields.
The Chief Minister held interaction with the villagers, family members and local police officials.
Talking to the family members he said, “All culprits who have committed the barbaric crime will be arrested and punished soon. The
government cannot allow such heinous crime instate.”
The Republican Party of India chief Ramdas Athavale and Bhraip Bahujan Samaj Party chief Prakash Ambedkar visted the village and urged the government to ensure the culprits are booked.
Earlier, Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has also urged the DGP to set up a special task to look into the matter.
The leaders of all political parties including NCP, Shiv Sena, MNS and Congress have also urged the government to expedite the case and punish the culprits.
However, sources in the police department said, “From day one we are on the job. But unless we ascertain the facts it would be improper to name any individual or share the information.”

Deval Patrick on Ferguson: The president is in a very  very tough place.By Jaime Fuller November 30 Follow @j_fuller
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick (D) (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File)
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick (D) went on "Meet the Press" on Sunday morning to discuss Ferguson , the Democratic Party and, because this is the Sunday shows, 2016.
"The president is in a very, very tough place" on Ferguson. Patrick said, noting that he also had to navigate the difficult path of being a black elected official when he first became governor. "I've experienced that at home."
Patrick said that he had the sense that the president "wants to go" to Ferguson, Mo. but probably worries about appearing to influence the ongoing federal investigation into the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown in August. Patrick served with the civil rights division of the Department of Justice during Bill Clinton's presidential administration.
Regarding the St. Louis County grand jury's decision to not indict Officer Darren Wilson in Brown's death, Patrick said, "without knowing all the facts, of course I wanted to see an indictment." He said he thought a trial would have "been good for the community."
 
Host Chuck Todd also asked Patrick about the 2014 midterm elections. The governor, who will soon be succeeded by a Republican candidate who previously lost to Patrick, said that Election Day was a "bad day for Democrats who don't stand for anything." He took no blame for Massachusetts Democratic gubernatorial candidate Martha Coakley's loss to Republican businessman Charlie Baker , arguing that her campaign was outspent, and that electoral outcomes depend on candidates, not the people who stand on the sidelines.
On the 2016 presidential race, Patrick said he had "thought about" running, "but I can't get ready for 2016." He did say that Hillary Clinton's overwhelming status as the frontrunner concerned him. He said she would make "a terrific candidate," but added, "I think that the narrative that it's inevitable is off-putting to regular voters."
 
“The American people want — and ought to want — their candidates to sweat for the job," Patrick said, "to actually make a case for why they are the right person at the right time."
In the latest Quinnipiac University poll on the 2016 presidential race, Clinton leads the Democratic primary with 57 percent.
RELATED:

TMC Used Saradha Scam Money to Fund Burdwan BlastThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Williams returns to starting lineup vs. IndianapolisBy Liz Clarke November 30 Follow @lizclarketweet
Tackle Trent Williams, left, shared a laugh with Buccaneers defensive tackle Gerald McCoy before the Tampa Bay game. (Mark Tenally/Associated Press)
Washington’s Pro Bowl left tackle, Trent Williams , will return to the starting lineup Sunday against the Indianapolis Colts . Williams was inactive for last week’s 17-13 loss at San Francisco after spraining his right ankle and medial collateral ligament, and the pass protection suffered as a result.
Others ailing starters who’ll be available Sunday are defensive end Jason Hatcher (knee), nose tackle Chris Baker (sternum) and tight end Jordan Reed (hamstring).
That left few surprises on Washington’s list of inactives for the Colts.
Cornerback E.J. Biggers had been ruled out Saturday due to the concussion he suffered last Sunday.
Rounding out the inactives are quarterback Kirk Cousins; wide receivers Leonard Hankerson and Aldrick Robinson; guard Spencer Long, defensive end Stephen Bowen and right tackle Tyler Polumbus.
Colt McCoy, who opened the season as the squad’s No. 3 quarterback, will lead the 3-8 Redskins onto Lucas Oil Stadium after Coach Jay Gruden benched the struggling Robert Griffin III on Wednesday and named McCoy the starter.
It’s an unfortunate time for Washington to be thin at cornerback, given that the Colts boast the NFL’s most prolific passing game and top-ranked offense.
With Biggers still undergoing the NFL’s concussion protocol and Tracy Porter joining DeAngelo Hall on the injured list, the Redskins’ ranks of cornerbacks are thin. It consists of second-year player David Amerson and rookie Bashaud Breeland in starting roles and rookies Greg Ducre and Chase Minnifield as backups. In packages that involved three cornerbacks, backup safety Trenton Robinson is an option.

Congress hits back at Finance Minister Arun JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Devangshu Datta: The market at RBI s beck and callThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Egypt ex-president Hosni Mubarak could get early release: LawyerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New Lufthansa pilots  strike to begin Monday: unionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Now you understand your real weakness. there is no need of brain washe...96 Followers
Reposted about 13 days 9 hrs 2 min 56 sec ago by ajithkumar1970
Over some serious notes from fellow boarders, I  take a short break from this forum. Before that, I swear that I had no intentions, rather I witness same story happening in Spicejet almostfor the 3rd time. Everybody is wise here, so no one need guidance, also misguidance is not possible with such an experienced loop. But every body is expressing their views, and I was true to myself..TEMPORARY Good Bye.
7.10 PM Nov 30th

I have bought the stock at 29 not at 55. hope u are right. i just cove...Platinum Member
256 Followers
Reposted about 6 days 11 hrs 14 min 7 sec ago by rajatkraggarwal and 1 others
it may cross 40 but MR madan has been telling buy since 55 60 levels. mwhat if market corrected.
In reply to : vivekk199 message
10.35 PM Nov 30th

Fiscal completion is 4 months far but i expect and may climb this targ...Platinum Member
118 Followers
Fiscal completion is 4 months far but i expect and may climb this target much earlier,  reduction of interest rate may set new target.
In reply to : marketman message
10.36 PM Nov 30th

Highly unlikely in the near term.Platinum Member
314 Followers
Indices are in bull run but not the shares. I am now really worried about all those shares who are in fact trading at prices when the nifty was at less than 3000. What if nifty corrects significantly from here.Yes it will. It cannot move up every day on the strength of just few shares.
In reply to : Ajay Baweja message
7.58 PM Nov 30th

National Games organisers draw up triathlon routeNational Games organisers draw up triathlon route
Our Bureau
Event features 1.5 km of swimming, 40 km of cycling and 10 km of running
Thiruvananthapuram, November 30:  
The National Games Secretariat here has finalised the route for the triathlon event, a multi-stage competition involving the sequential completion of three disciplines: swimming, cycling and running.
The ‘triathletes’ will swim 1.5 km in Vellayani Lake to and fro. They will then mount their bicycles and pedal to the bypass junction to Kovalam Junction via Punkulam, Pachalloor and Vazhamuttom. They will then pedal their way back to Vazhamuttom covering a distance of 10 km.
The remaining 30-km distance is marked as a 5-km loop one way to Cordova Public School, Ambalathara, and back to Vazhamuttom, three times. The finishing point will be at Vazhamuttom Junction.
They have hardly the time to catch a breath since the next and last event will prove the true test for stamina and endurance levels of a triathlete.
The 10-km run will begin from Vazhamuttom Junction to Cordova Public School, Ambalathara, and back to finish at Vazhamuttam Junction itself.
Team format
The triathlon event is usually organised in both individual and team formats. In the individual event, one athlete has to do the swimming, cycling and running.
Three different athletes will individually participate for each discipline in a team event. Athletes are lined up in the order of start numbers. Once the position is selected, the athlete cannot occupy any other.
Transition area
At the end of each sequence, a transition area has been set up for the athletes to change their suits. There will be rehydration stations at regular intervals on the triathlon route. Medical facilities are also arranged.
Star athlete
Pooja Chaurushi from Gujarat is expected to participate in the 35th National Games here. She had won silver and bronze in 34th National Games and gold in the South Asian Championship held recently in Nepal.
The proposed event here will match Olympic standards which specify 1.5 km of swimming, 40 km of cycling and 10 km of running.
(This article was published on November 30, 2014)
Related

Freed captives raise Colombia peace hopesFarc’s release of kidnapped general raises Colombia peace hopes
Andres Schipani in Caracas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4ba6b90-78a5-11e4-b518-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony chief looks to virtuality realitySony executive heralds a revolution in virtual reality
Tim Bradshaw – San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e60b8d4a-773d-11e4-a082-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Last Days of a Beautiful GameWritten by Sandeep Dwivedi | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:20 am | Updated: November 30, 2014 4:02 pm
Like the flame burning bright before its end, this was the year of Roger Federer and the single-handed backhand. As athletes and bodybuilders conquer tennis, Sandeep Dwivedi bids adieu to an age of elegance.
Back in the day, the mid-1980s to early 1990s to be specific, being a Stefan Edberg fan was exhausting and expensive. You were mostly in a minority, fighting long, lonely battles trying to explain the pristine “Edberg grace” to the loudmouths who supported John McEnroe and Boris Becker — they were also hard of hearing. You knew it was futile but you still tried, like you did when you wanted to be “Edberg” on a tennis court. As teenagers, you are entitled to unrealistic dreams.
Trying to pull off the Swede’s heavy top-spin serve, that too with an inwardly locked wrist, would result in the ball hitting the racket frame and the mis-hit leaping over the tall wall beyond baseline. You helplessly watched money being blown away. The precious wooden racket would crack while you foolishly rushed to the net like the fleet-footed champion to counter a speeding, dipping return with a valiant volley. Fresh tight strings would snap after a sloppy attempt to hit that one shot which defined Edberg — the single-handed backhand. Being Edberg really hurt your pocket; make that your father’s pocket.
For us amateurs, those volleys and the backhand, so easy on the eyes when the master played it, were ridiculously difficult to pull off. Settling for an easier alternative was not an option. No first-round exit at a club tournament or any other humiliation on court would lead to thoughts of giving up. You either played like him or you didn’t. With time, the obsession turned into a habit. For years now, I regularly YouTube the Edberg backhand. Back then it was to learn, these days to merely savour.
Then, at the start of this year, out of the blue, Edberg returned to the sports pages and the Grand Slams. His latest assignment was to resurrect the career of his one-time fan and now the most successful tennis player of all times, Roger Federer. They were two of a kind, very similar in temperament, and they both had virtually the same backhand. With the best-ever volleyer as his coach, Federer started approaching the net more often and thus shortening the rallies. He looked charmingly vintage and his ageing limbs less tired.
As the tennis season ended last week, the Swiss with the Swede by his side would be a step away from the No.1 ranking. By finishing the year strongly, the 33-year-old, written off last year, has stayed relevant, and so has his brand of tennis. The delightfully elegant one-handed backhand might be on the verge of extinction, but two of its best exponents has extended its lifespan.
For the uninitiated, or the less-obsessed, here’s a short foreword about the much-hyped Edberg backhand. It starts with a big back swing that peaks well above the head. For a brief moment, just as the racket moves down, the non-playing hand lovingly feels the racket’s neck. It’s nothing more than a quick, limp handshake, a gentle reminder to start the lazy sweep. By then the ball is within striking distance. The knees bend and the racket, held by one hand now, first flows down with the smoothness and energy of a waterfall, and after hitting the ball, climbs up in the follow-through like a rising wave. The racket swoosh can be easily imitated but not that final flick of the wrist that decides the direction and trajectory of the ball. That subtle change of position of fingers and palm can’t be captured on cameras, or seen by fans and is thus immunised to any imitation. You need to be on court to understand it, and spend years to master it. It’s something Edberg and a few of his successors, and my other favourites, seemed to be born with.
Ironically, those “other favourites” and I didn’t really hit it off instantly. I hated Pete Sampras for beating Edberg so consistently in 1993 and 1994. Strangely, within months of the likeable Swedish star’s heart-breaking retirement at Malmo — failing to complete a Davis Cup final match because of injury — there I was cheering for Sampras. His tennis had Edbergian elegance and the same pure backhand; he was also more successful. That helped since you were no longer in a minority in the fan zone. You had for company the fair-weather supporters, who unfailingly root for the No.1. Sampras was an unquestionable all-time great, he was also a nice guy who mostly won.
Then one day, a 19-year-old from Switzerland, wearing a thick, schoolgirl headband and coloured beads around his neck, sprouted on the Wimbledon grass. Shockingly, he ended Sampras’s long streak on that hallowed turf. That was 2001. You hated Federer, called him an upstart and even wished he was another Peter Doohan, the Aussie who upset Becker in 1987 and disappeared after that. Federer didn’t fade away. Thank god, he didn’t and still hasn’t. He ensured Sampras wasn’t missed, he was the reason you watched Grand Slams, he was the only connect you had with the style of tennis you loved. (Disclaimer: the hyper-sensitive among the Rafael Nadal fans should stop reading and move to the next page.
Post-Sampras, in the crowd of men with rippling muscles, towering frames and ultra-flexible limbs, the frail Federer, with his measured footwork, continued to retain the original look of a tennis player and that old-school court demeanour. He was lean, not muscular; agile, not a super-athlete; he floated around the court but didn’t scamper about as if being chased by muggers in a dark alley. That’s because the single-handed backhand was gorgeous, effortless, almost VVS Laxman. Double-handed was laboured, manufactured, and Matthew Hayden.
That poetry in motion was fine, but Federer no longer alluded to as the best. Athletes, bodybuilders and gymnasts conquered the court and won Grand Slams. Tennis had fewer men who could hit those aesthetically enriched strokes which stayed in the mind for years, and far more robots who shuttled on the baseline getting their racket under impossible balls before they bounced the second time.
With time, these tastes have also changed. The standing ovations these days are mostly in appreciation of the tireless “right-left, left-right” regimented backcourt sprints or a gymnast-like split by the ultimate retriever on the baseline. The majority of points end when a tired slugger nets the ball or hits it long. The threading-the-needle impossible pass (Sampras), a stinging cross (Edberg) or a diving volley (Becker) of past that would spark awe in the stands and signal the end of a short, crisp rally are far too few now.
Thrilling contests do take place but monotony has affected the modern game. There are a number of factors responsible for reducing most contests to a baseline slugfest: the courts slowing down, the balls not flying like they used to on Wimbledon grass. But the game-changer has been the “top spin”. New-age rackets, slim polyester strings that guarantee more spin plus better control, semi-Western grips and gym-manufactured arms, all combine forces to make the ball travel in parabola and stand up after bouncing. The top-spin happens to be a far more consistent stroke than the flashier flat slap, the bread-and-butter shot of players till very recently. This highly deceptive shot has a big role to play in making the one-handed backhand an endangered panda on the tennis ecosystem.
Had Nadal been playing in the 1980s, he would have exploited Edberg’s backhand with his top-spin forehand, like he does so often against Federer. When Nadal’s kicking, screaming top-spin forehand that climbs to the opponent’s head is unleashed, it is tough to bring it down and push it deep across the net with just one hand on the grip. As any Indian cricketer abroad, especially the wristy ones, will tell you, it is always difficult to dominate a ball that takes off after pitching. Likewise, the single-handed backhand, with the accompanying exaggerated swing, is tough to pull off against the high ball. Double is better.
On a circuit crowded with top-spinners, Federer has remained competitive and also in the top 3, despite his old ways. But lesser mortals can’t. Go to any local tennis court near your home and you will see coaches teaching children the art of brushing the ball to impart it spin with the forehand and asking them to play the double-handed backhand. A recent survey showed that there are 76 players in the men’s top-100 who used both hands to play the backhand. The corresponding number in the boys’ section rises to 95 and in the girls’ category it’s 99. Contrastingly, till the late 1960s, not really ancient history, tennis was universally played with one hand.
Despite that, 2014, almost magically, proved to be the Year of the Dinosaur, of the single-handed backhand kind. It started with Stanislas Wawrinka, Federer’s country-mate and a single-hander, winning the Australian Open defeating the top biggest top-spinner the game has ever seen, Nadal. Federer, after running Novak Djokovic close, joined forces with Wawrinka to help Switzerland win the Davis Cup final against France.
To see this as a second wind for the single-handed backhand is to again be a teenager with unrealistic dreams. This is just the flame burning brightest before it extinguishes. For years, there hasn’t been an upstart you once hated the way you did Sampras for beating Edberg and Federer for beating Sampras. This long-running show is unlikely to last longer. The day is not far when many a romantic will gather to condone the demise of that delightfully elegant shot. The mourners will have a racket in one hand and the other will be free to raise a toast and, later, wave a heartfelt goodbye.

Ferguson officer who shot Michael Brown resigns
Modi allays Assam fears over land swapping pact with Bangladeshinternational relations
Land swap pact with Dhaka will be the solution, says the Prime Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday announced that his government would utilise the land transfer agreement with Bangladesh in a manner that might seem to be an immediate loss to Assam but serve the security interests of the State in the long term.
Addressing Bharatiya Janata Party workers at the Sarusajai Stadium here, Mr. Modi said his government would utilise the agreement to seal all routes across the international border through which “illegal” Bangladeshi immigrants had been entering Assam and creating havoc in the State.
“There will be no compromise on security,” he said. “I know the sentiments of the people. We will always protect the interests of Assam and the country.”
CM stand
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has been critical of both the BJP and the Asom Gana Parishad for opposing the land swap deal signed by the previous United Progressive Alliance government with Bangladesh.
He has maintained that Assam will not lose land as projected by the two parties.
Mr. Modi, in his speech, warned the forces trying to harm the interests of Assam and the northeast. “Such forces should know that the government has changed in Delhi and the law will not spare them now,” he said. “The development of the entire northeast region, including Assam, is a priority for his government.”
The BJP, he said, had compelled all political parties to make development the prime issue instead of issues of caste and region. “We have turned the issue of development into an agenda of the country.”
Jan Dhan Yojana
Mr. Modi said his government had directed banks to serve the interests of the poor people under the Jan Dhan Yojana.
Over the past six decades, only one crore bank accounts were opened each year. Now, under the new scheme, one crore bank accounts were being opened every week.

Younis Khan  Umar Gul return to Pakistan ODIsideBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: November 30, 2014 7:38 pm
The national selection committee has recalled experienced speedster Umar Gul for the two T20 matches and first two ODIs against New Zealand, here today.
The PCB announced a 14-member T20 squad to be captained by Shahid Afridi and a 16-member ODI squad led by Misbah-ul-Haq.
Gul, who has been in and out of the team having undergone knee surgery in May, has been recalled for both formats.
The selectors have also called up senior batsman Younis Khan for the first two ODIs after his sparkling performances in the Tests against Australia and New Zealand.
The comeback of Younis is seen as a step down by the selectors led by Moin Khan, who had earlier while dropping Younis for the one-day series against Australia claimed he was not part of their World Cup plans.
Younis had lashed out the selectors and responded by scoring three back-to-back centuries against Australia and one against New Zealand.
Significantly, while releasing the squads the PCB has enlisted Younis Khan’s name as the 15th player in the squad.
Dashing middle-order batsman, Umar Akmal has also been displaced as the wicketkeeper in both formats by the inform Sarfaraz Ahmed although Umar had also been performing keeping duties since last year.
He is lucky to be in the side as he has struggled for form in the domestic matches since being dropped for the Tests.
Also fortunate to win a recall is left handed opener, Nasir Jamshed for the ODI matches. Left-arm pacer Wahab Riaz has also recovered from his knee problem which he suffered during the ODIs against Australia, and has been picked in both formats.
Opener Ahmed Shehzad who was hit on the jaw by a short pitched ball during the first test against New Zealand is also back in the squads after a quick recovery.
Chief selector Moin Khan said in the PCB release that the coming limited over series was last opportunity for players to perform and cement their places for the World Cup.
“This is our final opportunity to test all our potential players before the World Cup. That is why we have tried to induct all our fit players in contention for a slot,” Moin said.
Squads:
Pakistan T20: Ahmed Shehzad, Anwar Ali, Muhammad Hafeez, Haris Sohail, Muhammad Irfan, Owais Zia, Raza Hasan, Saad Nasim, Sarfaraz Ahmed, Shahid Afridi, Sohail Tanvir, Umar Akmal, Umar Gul, Wahab Riaz.
Pakistan ODI squad: Ahmed Shehzad, Muhammad Hafeez, Nasir Jamshed, Asad Shafiq, Bilawal Bhatti, Haris Sohail, Misbah-ul-Haq, Muhammad Irfan, Sarfaraz Ahmed, Shahid Afridi, Sohail Tanvir, Umar Akmal, Umar Gul, Wahab Riaz, Younis Khan, Zulfiqar Babar.

Lahiri ends tied 2nd  Thaworn claims Asian Tour titleKhon Kaen (Thailand), November 30, 2014
Updated: November 30, 2014 19:30 IST
Lahiri ends tied 2nd, Thaworn claims Asian Tour title
PTI
golf
Anirban Lahiri missed way too many putts and ended being tied second as Thailand’s Thaworn Wiratchant rewrote the record books by winning an unprecedented 18th Asian Tour title after closing with a five-under-par 67 to lift the King’s Cup on Sunday.
With his second victory on the region’s premier Tour this season, the Thai veteran also completed his royal collection having won the Queen’s Cup twice in 2012 and 2014 when it was staged as an Asian Tour event.
Lahiri, who led from the opening day, had to settle for a share of second place with Australia’s Andrew Dodt while Qualifying School graduate Kalem Richardson of Australia enjoyed another good outing in Thailand by taking a share of fourth place with Thailand’s Donthai Boonma and Paul Paterson of the United States.
Rashid Khan stormed to a fine round 66, including an eagle two on par-4 ninth. He finished tied 13th at 11-under, while first round co-leader again struggled on the greens with a round of 72 for a total of 10-under and he was tied 16th, the same as Daniel Chopra (67).
Arjun Atwal (75) was tied 54th at three-under 285 while S Chikka (72) recovered form his third round 78, to finish at one-under and in tied 63rd place.
Lahiri was visibly disappointed not to have won again as another victory at the US$500,000 event would have meant more world ranking points and allowed him to close the gap on Order of Merit leader David Lipsky of the United States.
Lahiri said, “I wasn’t at my best today as I was really struggling on the greens. Thaworn was magic on the greens. Off the greens, he played fantastic on the front-nine and on the back-nine I had my chances and I just didn’t take them.
“I would have like to have won this week. We are not playing for lots of money and it’s difficult to bridge such a big gap and I’m running out of tournaments. I’ve to win at least one of these next three events to have a chance at winning the Order of Merit. I’m a little upset I didn’t close it out as I led wire—to—wire this week. I guess Thaworn was the better player today. I don’t think I played poorly but it was just not good enough to close it out,” said Lahiri.
He added, “I just missed way too many putts and it was disappointing to miss a short one on the last and that is going to hurt my world rankings. I’m upset with that. But it’s a solid week all in all and I’m happy with the way I’m playing. I just got to pick myself up and win next week.”
Rashid Khan had another decent finish as he closed the week with a superb 66. “I played really good golf this week.
Unfortunately I did not finish well the last three days (first three rounds). But today, I hit some really good shots and holed several good putts. I was seven—under after 15 holes but had a three—putt bogey on 16 and I made a three—putt on the last hole. I had eight putts in three greens but otherwise I’m happy with my game as I’m doing well. When I started the year, I was not targeting the Order of Merit.”
He added, “I was just looking for that first win on the Asian Tour. I’m more focused now for next year. That win at SAIL Open really got my season going and boosted my confidence. Then came Chiangmai. Winning outside India was one of the best feelings I experienced. It was the same kind of feeling I experienced when I won in India. Normally all players want to win outside their country to make their country proud and I’m glad I did it. I’m hoping to end the year on a high note now.”
Trailing overnight leader Lahiri by one shot, Thaworn set off with a blistering pace by reaching the turn in 32 at the Singha Park Khon Kaen Golf Club.
He picked up another advantage with a birdie on 10 before dropping his only shot of the day on the par-four 12.
“It was not easy out there as Anirban and Andrew were piling the pressure on me. It got a little shaky on 12 when I bogeyed for the first time today. But I maintained my composure and managed to see it through,” said Thaworn.
Walking up to the 18th hole, the Thai veteran was determined not to let the contest go into a play-off with Lahiri and Dodt who were at 18-under.
“I really wanted to birdie 18 as I did not want to go into a play-off. I was confident of winning in regulation play but not in a play-off,” said Thaworn.
Thaworn remained steady under pressure by draining his 15-ft birdie putt to close with a winning total of 20-under-par 268.
“It feels good to have the complete Royal collection now.
I won the Queen’s Cup and now I can add the King’s Cup to my trophy cabinet,” said a jubilant Thaworn.
Dodt made a late charge by firing successive birdies in his closing three holes to give himself a glimmer of hope for at least a play-off.
But with Thaworn at his best, the Australian had to settle for second best.
“I thought that if I could birdie the last three holes and even eagle the last, I’ll be in for a chance. I hit a good putt on the last but it didn’t go in but full credit to Thaworn as he’s a world class player and managed to finish it off,” said Dodt.

National Conference complaints to EC against PM Modi for  defamatory  speechesPress Trust of India | Nov 30, 2014 at 06:28pm IST
Srinagar: National Conference on Sunday filed a complaint with the Election Commission (EC) against Prime Minister Narendra Modi for making "wild, unsubstantiated and defamatory accusations" against the party leadership during his recent speeches in election rallies in the state.
In a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner, National Conference spokesman Junaid Azim Mattu has quoted examples of the alleged defamatory nature made by the Prime Minister in his rallies in Jammu.
Mattu said this not only violated the Model Code of Conduct but was also in contravention to all laws that are in place to protect a citizen's rights.
Mattu said this not only violated the Model Code of Conduct but was also in contravention to all laws that are in place to protect a citizen's rights.
"I, on behalf of J&K National Conference, would like to draw your attention to successive violations of the Model Code of Conduct by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his recent speeches in Jammu and Kashmir," the letter said.
It said the Prime Minister has repeatedly, more recently in his speeches in Udhampur and Poonch, named the leadership of National Conference "while raising wild, unsubstantiated allegations against them. This, while a clear act of defamation, is also a violation of the Model Code of Conduct."
"We request you to take immediate cognisance of these violations and take the necessary action mandated under the relevant statutes of the law and treat this as our formal complaint," the letter said.
In a veiled dig at coalition governments of NC-Congress and PDP-Congress, the Prime Minister had said in Udhampur, "Those who have been rejected by the people of Jammu and Kashmir, take benefit and change coalition partners to remain in power and loot as much as they want by turns."
The NC on Saturday had filed a complaint against BJP and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh for violating the poll code by using the Srinagar airport premises to telephonically address a public meeting in Pahalgam in south Kashmir.
Singh, who was scheduled to address a few rallies in north and south Kashmir, could not reach the venues because of bad weather and addressed the people via telephone.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Dalit triple-murder case: Devendra Fadnavis assures speedy probe17
0
Javkheda (Maharashtra): Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday met the family members of three Dalits who were brutally killed in October and assured a speedy police probe into the matter.
The Chief Minister's visit comes amid protests by various political parties which condemned the brutal killings of the Dalit family members at Javkheda village in Maharashtra's Ahmednagar district and demanded a CBI probe into it.
"I am constantly monitoring the developments in this case and taking a note of the problems the police personnel are facing while conducting the probe. I have categorically told the police to solve this case as quickly as possible," Fadnavis told reporters.
Fadnavis, however, did not specify the time-frame he has allotted to the police to solve the triple-murder case.
#maharashtra #devendra fadnavis #dalits #dalit triple murder case
"I have been regularly taking briefings from the Director General of Police and the Intelligence department. I have also made my point clear that we cannot give them an indefinite time to conduct the probe. The answers must be revealed in a specific period of time," he said.
If the police does not manage to solve the case within a specific period of time, the state government will have to think of transferring the case to CBI, he said.
Fadnavis, however, did not specify the time-frame he has allotted to the police to solve the triple-murder case. On October 21 and 22, villagers of Javkheda had retrieved dismembered body parts of a mason, Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Jayashree (38) and their teenage son Sunil (19) from a well and strewn all around the land owned by Jadhav.
State Governor C Vidyasagar Rao had recently directed the DGP to appoint a Special Task Force (STF) to probe the killings, after meeting a delegation led by RPI(A) president Ramdas Athawale at the Raj Bhavan in Mumbai.
The incident led to widespread protests in the state and evoked memories of the horrific 2006 Khairlanji massacre, where four members of a Dalit family were brutally murdered in Maharashtra's Bhandara district.
2

Law and Order star Christopher Meloni dines at CarminesBy Emily Heil November 30 Follow @emilyaheil
Carmine’s (Photo by Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
Hey, isn’t that… “Law & Order: SVU” star Christopher Meloni  chowing down with a large group of family and friends at Carmine’s in Penn Quarter on Friday night.
The D.C. native and his group were catching a meal in between sports action — he attended his niece’s Georgetown Visitation hockey game at the Verizon Center before lunch, and planned to hit the Caps game afterwards. And for those giving the chiseled-jawed, blue-eyed actor a “don’t I know you from somewhere…” look, he offered a clue: he was wearing a baseball hat with an Emmy logo on it.
 

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha caught napping during Narendra ModisspeechBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 8:57 pm
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha was on Sunday seen napping during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech on the need for “smart policing” at a meeting of top police officers here.
Television cameras showed footage of Sinha apparently taking a nap, ironically at a time when the Prime Minister talked about the need for security personnel to stay alert and be accountable.
CBI spokesperson declined to comment on the footage. This is the second consecutive day that the CBI chief has been clicked with his eyes shut. The first time was on Saturday during the speech of Home Minister Rajnath Singh at the at the 49th annual conference of DGPs hosted by the Intelligence Bureau.
Interestingly, the Home Minister was telling the high-profile audience that even retired government officials, with their vast experience, can contribute towards ensuring India’s security.
Sinha, who is due to retire on December 2, has been at the centre of a controversy over CBI’s probe in the 2G scam and Coalgate. Sinha has been accused of meeting several people connected with these scams.
Earlier this month, the Supreme Court while hearing a petition levelling charges against Sinha, removed the CBI chief from the 2G probe.
“By ‘SMART’ policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained,” Modi told the officers.
The police force should inculcate these values to ensure best policing which will go a long way in bringing about a new awakening and consciousness, improve its image and work culture, he said.

Scientists make herb nanoparticles with potential for treating heart diseaseScientists make herb nanoparticles with potential for treating heart disease
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 30, 2014
First Published: 20:44 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 20:52 IST(30/11/2014)
Comments
Scientists at CSIR lab in the Indian Institute of Chemical Technology, Hyderabad have synthesised gold nanoparticles using the leaf extract of a medicinal plant that has the potential to grow new blood vessels and treat cardiovascular diseases.
The study was published recently in the Royal Society of Chemistry. The researchers synthesised gold nanoparticles by using the leaf extract of a medicinal herb (Hamelia patens).
"Our next step would be try it on an animal model. We have designed and developed novel pro-angiogenic bio-synthesized gold nanoconjugates that make new blood vessels, suggesting its future potential applications as an alternative treatment strategy for wound healing, cardiovascular diseases  (CVD) and ischemic diseases in the near future using nanomedicine approach," lead author Chitta Ranjan Patra said.
Angiogenesis, the formation of new blood vessels from the pre-existing vasculature, plays a vital role in physiological and pathological processes such as wound healing, atherosclerosis, embryonic development, post-ischemic vascularisation of the myocardium, etc.
"Development of novel pro-angiogenic compounds that specifically stimulate angiogenesis in ischemic tissues is urgently required to combat deadly diseases. In this context, nanomedicine plays an important role in the field of biology and medicine."
The highly stable nanoparticles show good bio-compatibility and exhibit excellent pro-angiogenic activity. Considering the results altogether, these bio-synthesized nanoparticles could be useful towards the development of an alternative treatment strategy for cardiovascular diseases, ischemic diseases, and wound healing where angiogenesis plays a pivotal role, he said.
"We have chosen this medicinal HP shrub as it is used for treatment of menstrual disorders and wound healing in Mexican traditional medicine and in central America."

Haryana: Eve teasers thrashed by two girls with belts in a moving bus in Rohtak  arrested8
0
Rohtak: Police on Sunday evening arrested three men for allegedly eve teasing two sisters and then throwing them from a moving bus.
Earlier on Sunday evening, giving a fitting lesson to misconduct in public, two sisters had thrashed three eve teasers aboard a bus in Rohtak. The three men reportedly assaulted the two girls when they objected to eve teasing. The girls in turn did not lose heart and retaliated by thrashing the assailants with their belts.
However, the incident caught on camera showed that no other passenger present in the bus came to the rescue of the girls.
Police on Sunday evening arrested three men for allegedly eve teasing two sisters and then throwing them from a moving bus.
#eve teasing #harassment #molestation #arrest
Recalling the incident, one of the two girls said that the men had tried to molest her sister to which they protested. Though she also added that after they fought back by beating the men with the belts, the two sisters were thrown out of the bus.
Women rights activists have come down heavily on the Rohtak incident. "It's an offence under Sec 354a. This is a non bailable offence. The culprits must be arrested immediately. The people in bus did not come to the help of the girls. We need to amend the law that those who don't help the victims of molestation should also be punished," said women rights activist Abha Singh.
Responding to the incident, National Commission for Women chairperson Lalitha Kumarmangalam said, "I would like to congratulate the girls and ask the authorities to take appropriate action. Few girls have the guts to take on the molesters. The government should take action. I would appeal to every Indian to come forward and help."
62

Mumbai: Ruckus at BMC event attended by Uddhav and Aditya Thackeraymore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

VIDEO: Rohtak sisters thrash three men for sexually harassing them in movingbusPosted: December 1, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 5:38 pm
 
The video(above) of two sisters thrashing three men who were allegedly harassing them in a bus went viral, leading the police to take prompt action against the accused.
Late Sunday night, the three men — identified as Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak — were arrested.
The girls were returning from their Rohtak college to Sonepat in the Haryana Roadways bus on Friday when the men allegedly started harassing them. The girls objected at first, but the men reportedly kept passing lewd remarks. Then the sisters retaliated by beating them with their hands and belt, and attempted to push them out of the bus. They also tried calling the women’s helpline 1091, but in vain.
One of the passengers captured the incident on a mobile phone. The video later went viral on TV and social networking websites.
Inspector Gajender Singh, Station House Officer at the Rohtak Sadar police station, said, “A complaint was received on Friday evening and a case was registered against the three men. They are residents of Assan village.”According to the sisters, the men had harassed them earlier too.
“Mohit and Kuldeep were recently recruited into the Army and will proceed for training soon. The family of the accused were pressuring us to withdraw the case and reach a settlement,” the father of the girls said.
The BJP had prominently mentioned the issue of women’s security in its manifesto before the Vidhan Sabha elections polls in the state.
Haryana Chief Minister M Manohar Lal Khattar, after taking oath, had mentioned that the state government was contemplating deploying women police guards in buses to ensure safety of young girls. However, the proposal is yet to be implemented.

Live blog: Redskins at ColtsLatest updates
Redskins at Colts: Week 13 live blog
Welcome to The Post’s home for pregame and in-game analysis, live statistics and color commentary on all things  Redskins  and Colts. Follow along on a computer, a tablet, or on mobile, while you watch, or if you’re stuck somewhere where you aren’t able to.
We start posting two hours before the 1 p.m. ET kickoff, as Washington once again turns Colt McCoy as it’s starting quarterback. McCoy led Washington to wins against Tennessee and at Dallas, and looks to deliver the team’s fourth win of the season.
After the game, we’ll move back over to  The Insider  for postgame quotes and our traditionally extensive coverage.
The basics:
Kickoff: 1 p.m. at Lucas Oil Stadium
TV: Fox (Ch. 5 and 45 locally) | Radio:  980 AM ; 92.7 and 94.3 FM.
Line: Colts by 9.5

Grenade blast rocks Srinagar s Lal Chowk areaGrenade blast hits Srinagar’s Lal Chowk area
The militants opened heavy fire when challenged by the troops, triggering a gunbattle.
Unidentified militants hurled a grenade towards security personnel outside the defunct Palladium Cinema but the device fell short of the target and exploded on the roadside. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The blast occurred around 2 Pm near the Palladium Lane in Lal Chowk. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
No militant outfit has so far claimed responsibility for the explosion. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The area has been cordoned off and a hunt has been launched to nab the militants involved in the attack. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The injured civilians have been admitted to Shri Maharaja Hari Singh (SMHS) Hospital for treatment. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Related

http://usat.ly/12brlnzFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Test Drive: 2015 Toyota Camry nicely updated
2015 Toyota Camry highlights... •Room: No need for a full-size •Mileage: Better than expected in real-world use •Handling: No BMW,  but XSE V-6  is especially
Post to Facebook
Test Drive: 2015 Toyota Camry nicely updated 2015 Toyota Camry highlights... •Room: No need for a full-size •Mileage: Better than expected in real-world use •Handling: No BMW,  but XSE V-6  is especially Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xQxVsN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
17
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Test Drive: 2015 Toyota Camry nicely updated
James R. Healey , 10:22 a.m. EST November 28, 2014
The 2015 Toyota Camry at the New York Auto Show. 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
The media introduction of the 2015 Camry at the New York Auto Show. 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
Bill Fay, Head of the Toyota division, showing off the 2015 Camry at the New York Auto Show. 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
Media look over the 2015 Toyota Camry at the  New York Auto Show. 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
Toyota gave flowing lines to the redesigned Camry 
(Photo: Toyota)
Toyota Camry is America's bestselling car model 
(Photo: Toyota)
Toyota also gave a new rear look to Camry 
(Photo: Toyota)
Camry gets a new grille design 
(Photo: Toyota)
Toyota has given Camry a plusher interior 
(Photo: Toyota)
Toyota Camry will come in a sporty version 
(Photo: Toyota)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Updated 20o15 Toyota Camry has startling new grille, improved interior and controls and XSE V-6 sport model that's actually pleasant to drive thanks to tires, chassis, transmission tuning.
(Photo: Toyota)
462 CONNECT 52 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How odd.
Toyota freshened the Camry midsize for the 2012 model and called it, disingenuously, "all-new."
Now, Toyota gives it some significant changes for 2015 and calls it a mere mid-cycle update.
And truly, it has the cliched mid-cycle changes: New schnoz and rump, tweaks to the interior that include a different and bigger control/display screen, model lineup shuffling that involves dropping the low-end L so that the LE now is the bottom-feeder.
Video Keywords BMW North Pole V6 gas electric hybrid wearing gloves USA today
Auto writer James R. Healey takes the new line of 2015 Toyota Camry's for a spin.  Join us for an inside review. (Money, USA Today)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Toyota Camry. Much buzz about a big audience it's the
00:07  best selling car in the US. And that point fifteens better
00:10  than ever. But hardly perfect. I'm James. A heartbreaker of the
00:17  gas electric hybrid version a camera is that dog of the
00:20  updated 25 in line up. Used to be the star but
00:24  now I couldn't wait to get this thing back. Ozzie staring
00:28  sub par transmission generally unpleasant. The new sport version of the
00:32  V6 car XS EE six. That's a sweep. Of course it's
00:38  also 35 grand the stuff you probably want to. Veering wildly
00:42  from his have a Toyota has actually put us warning suspension
00:46  of the shift transmission tuning into the XS EV six. Now
00:51  very satisfying to drive. No BMW understand. Pushing hard into a
00:56  tight corner and that funny and runs creating wide. Here's the
01:00  mystery though why don't the other asked models with the air
01:03  support him to ask you feel as lies. The four cylinder
01:07  SE finished dead last. In the latest compares and test we
01:11  did with cars that common motor we TV still. All the
01:15  freshen when he fifteen camrys have very appealing attributes. They're roomy
01:20  enough to make a full size sedans deem as necessary as
01:23  ice at the North Pole. They have grown up sized buttons
01:26  and controls their big enough. And easy enough to work wearing
01:30  gloves and its bottom really easily. And the use less gas
01:34  than you expect them to even in mind that would side.
01:38  For more go to the cars page at USA today dot
But the 2015 also adds a sport version of the V-6 gasoline car, as well as injecting the sport features into the Camry hybrid.
Radical. Toyota's habit has been to slap on a trunk spoiler and rocker panel spats and, there you go, a "sport" model. But this time it's real.
The sport designation — an "S" in the model's name, such as XSE — indicates different wheels and tires, re-tuned transmission shifting, and firmer suspension.
A testing of the waters with the SE model the past year was successful, Toyota says, so now expands up into the XSE and out into the hybrid SE.
Let's see ... a tighter-handling, crisper-responding, more agile car that seems to keep the comfort level intact. Not really much of a risk. Honda's been selling almost as many Accords using that formula for, what, decades?
Whichever version of Camry you're eyeing, you have to learn to love, or live with, Camry's big, wide grille. It's so incongruous on a family car that we suspect it'll give children nightmares.
Overall, it's the high-end models that stand out because they're a better blend of performance, handling and features. The V-6 XLE is the most luxurious and the V-6 XSE is the nicest to drive.
Acknowledging their appeal to overlapping segments of the mainstream's spendy set, Toyota sets the same starting prices for the XLE and XSE: $26,975 with four-cylinder, $32,195 with V-6.
Mark well that "V-6" reference. The four-cylinder versions, which most people buy, lack some or all the right tuning. A four-cylinder Camry SE scored 10th of 10 cars in the recent Cars.com/USA TODAY/MotorWeek $27,000 Midsize Sedan Challenge.
The gas-electric hybrid Camry, alas, has become a low point. It was a jewel among what Toyota disingenuously called the "all-new" 2012 Camry line. Now it's just unpleasant, mainly because of poor steering feel, a sub-par CVT and some details, such as lack of standard heated seats.
So that leaves only the XLE and XSE V-6 models on our "you-betcha" list.
Both are big improvements in ride and handling vs. Toyota's normally cushy personality. And both understeer considerably in tight corners taken fast. But the XLE front end also bobs and wanders slightly on bumpy patches, while the crisper-tuned XSE stays put. And, as expected, the XSE responds better overall to steering and braking demands.
Other things to consider:
• Camry's controls are bigger, easy to see and use. The tradeoff is Toyota can't fit many of them onto the dashboard.
Thus, many functions become applications and have to be accessed by the "app" button on the dash. You have to hit the "app" button to get the menu that lets you pick navigation, audio, phone settings and other things that often have their own controls.
• Infotainment/connectivity remains a mild struggle.
Simply pairing an android phone, for example, seemed to hit a dead end before additional research provided enlightenment. That's like making you decipher something before the key works.
• USB and 12-volt plugs are tucked into a recess ahead of the shifter. Good place to toss a phone, but the angle of the plugs and lack of lighting means that plugging in isn't always a snap.
• Don't be distracted by the seemingly low base prices. Our two V-6 test cars were close to $37,000 each, a threshold that provokes shoppers to consider smaller but well-furnished luxury models with more cachet.
Those entry-lux models cost you some space, but they usually drive with more sporting flair.
That once would have been an easy call, going against Camry. Now, the updated 2015 Camry with sporting equipment makes it a tougher choice
2015 Toyota Camry details:
What? Update of best-selling car in the U.S. Front-drive, four-door, five-passenger, midsize sedan.
When? On sale since late September.
Where? Made in Kentucky.
How much? Base prices for gasoline models range from $23,195 including shipping to $32,195. Hybrids: $27,615 to $30,805.
What makes it go? 2.5-liter four-cylinder gasoline engine rated 178 horsepower at 6,000 rpm, 170 pounds-feet of torque at 4,100. Optional, 3.5-liter V-6 rated 268 hp at 6.200, 248 lbs.-ft. at 4,700.
Hybrid model has 2.5-liter four-cylinder gas engine rated 156 hp at 5,700 rpm, 156 lbs.-ft. at 4,500 coupled to electric motor rated 141 hp at 4,500, 199 lbs.-ft. up to 1,500 rpm.
Gas engines use six-speed automatic transmission. Hybrid uses CVT (continuously variable-ratio automatic).
How big? Standard midsize, about even with main rival Honda Accord. Passenger space, 102.7 cubic feet. Trunk, 15.4 cu. ft. (13.1 cu. ft. hybrid).
Weighs 3,240-3,585 lbs., typical for the class.
Turning circle diameter 36.7 ft., tighter than most.
How thirsty? V-6 rated rated 21 mpg city, 31 mpg highway, 25 mpg combined. Four-cylinder: 25/35/28. Hybrid LE trim: 43/39/41.  Hybrid SE, XLE: 40/38/40.
Hybrid SE test car registered 38 mpg (2.64 gallons per 100 miles) in light-footed suburban short-trip driving.
V-6 test cars registered: 29.7 mpg (3.37 gal./100 mi.) in brisk driving on flat, rural two-lane roads; 22 mpg (4.55 gal./100 mi.) in mix of quick suburban, fast highway driving.
Burns regular, holds 17 gallons.
Overall: Worthy improvements inside and underneath. Handling, steering still could be crisper.
2015 Toyota Camry highlights...
Room: No need for a full-size.
Mileage: Better than expected in real-world use.
Handling: No BMW, but XSE V-6 is noteworthy.
462 CONNECT 52 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xQxVsN
USA NOW
Taliban kills dozens of children in Pakistani school
Dec 16, 2014

Bigg Boss 8 : Sonakshi Sinha shakes a leg with Salman Khan; interacts with inmatesWritten by Sonal Gera | New Delhi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 6:19 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 11:44 pm
Putting all rumours and in Sonakshi Sinha’s terminology ‘fiction’ to rest, the actress makes an appearance in tonight’s episode of ‘Bigg Boss’, hosted by Salman Khan and does an impromptu jig with him.
There have been rumours afloat that Salman and Sonakshi have had a fallout at Arpita’s wedding reception which left Sonakshi crying bitterly at the party. Sonakshi had quashed those reports in her tweet that said it was nothing but a fiction and deserved a read.
Leaving those said-unsaid things behind, the actress turns up on the show tonight hosted by Salman to promote her upcoming movie ‘Action Jackson’ in which she co-stars with Ajay Devgn, Manasvi Mamgai and Yami Gautam. The actress will be seen shaking a leg with Salman Khan to few songs including one from ‘Dabangg’ where she made her Bollywood debut opposite Salman.
Not only this, Sonakshi also visits the house and interacts with them. It’s reported that she has a special activity planned for the inmates.
When asked about her favorite contestant from the house, Sonakshi is reported to have taken RJ Pritam Singh’s name. RJ Pritam, apparently, has been one of the favorites of all the celebrities who have visited the house.
Meanwhile, the chaos inside the house continue to prevail despite Salman’s best efforts to show the contestants some light. While Ali Quli Mirza is now being targeted for his indecent behaviour towards the women in the house and inmates in general, the groupism inside the house is deepening to the darkest levels.
Also, in tonight’s episode the evicted contestant will finally be revealed. Renee Dhyani, Praneet Bhatt and Sonali Raut still have the danger lurking over their head.

CBI closes probe in Rs 575-cr Akash missile ...Akash missile system
(Sources said CBI had recommended…)
NEW DELHI: Citing lack of evidence, CBI has closed its probe into alleged irregularities in the award of over Rs 575-crore contract in the production of Akash missile system components by top officials of Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL) to a private power company.
The agency had started the probe in May last year into the allegations of violation of rules. It was alleged that senior officials of BDL awarded contract worth Rs 575.51 crore for producing self-propelled launcher (ASPL) for the missile system to be supplied to two regiments of the army.
CBI sources said the inquiry was started by the agency against the then Chief Managing Director Maj Gen (retd) Ravi Khetarpal , and other senior officials including the then Executive Director, Director, General Manager and others of BDL for allegedly committing irregularities in the contract.
The preliminary inquiry number PE 0352013A0004, which was handled by the Hyderabad unit of CBI, has been closed as it could not find evidence of any alleged corruption against the officers, they said.
The sources said the agency had recommended "suitable action" against the officials for alleged violation of rules but there was no evidence to proceed against them in the matter.
Repeated attempts to seek reaction from BDL and Tata Power did not succeed.
The Akash weapon system is an all-weather air-defence missile system which can target aircraft upto 30 kilometers away, at altitudes up to 18,000 metres.
The automatic system is designed to target and neutralise multiple aerial targets coming from several directions simultaneously is in operational service with the army and the air force.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha caught napping during Narendra Modis speechBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: November 30, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 8:57 pm
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha was on Sunday seen napping during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech on the need for “smart policing” at a meeting of top police officers here.
Television cameras showed footage of Sinha apparently taking a nap, ironically at a time when the Prime Minister talked about the need for security personnel to stay alert and be accountable.
CBI spokesperson declined to comment on the footage. This is the second consecutive day that the CBI chief has been clicked with his eyes shut. The first time was on Saturday during the speech of Home Minister Rajnath Singh at the at the 49th annual conference of DGPs hosted by the Intelligence Bureau.
Interestingly, the Home Minister was telling the high-profile audience that even retired government officials, with their vast experience, can contribute towards ensuring India’s security.
Sinha, who is due to retire on December 2, has been at the centre of a controversy over CBI’s probe in the 2G scam and Coalgate. Sinha has been accused of meeting several people connected with these scams.
Earlier this month, the Supreme Court while hearing a petition levelling charges against Sinha, removed the CBI chief from the 2G probe.
“By ‘SMART’ policing, I mean S for strict but sensitive, M for modern and mobile, A for alert and accountable, R for reliable and responsive and T for techno-savvy and trained,” Modi told the officers.
The police force should inculcate these values to ensure best policing which will go a long way in bringing about a new awakening and consciousness, improve its image and work culture, he said.

Younis Khan  Umar Gul return to Pakistan ODI sideBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: November 30, 2014 7:38 pm
The national selection committee has recalled experienced speedster Umar Gul for the two T20 matches and first two ODIs against New Zealand, here today.
The PCB announced a 14-member T20 squad to be captained by Shahid Afridi and a 16-member ODI squad led by Misbah-ul-Haq.
Gul, who has been in and out of the team having undergone knee surgery in May, has been recalled for both formats.
The selectors have also called up senior batsman Younis Khan for the first two ODIs after his sparkling performances in the Tests against Australia and New Zealand.
The comeback of Younis is seen as a step down by the selectors led by Moin Khan, who had earlier while dropping Younis for the one-day series against Australia claimed he was not part of their World Cup plans.
Younis had lashed out the selectors and responded by scoring three back-to-back centuries against Australia and one against New Zealand.
Significantly, while releasing the squads the PCB has enlisted Younis Khan’s name as the 15th player in the squad.
Dashing middle-order batsman, Umar Akmal has also been displaced as the wicketkeeper in both formats by the inform Sarfaraz Ahmed although Umar had also been performing keeping duties since last year.
He is lucky to be in the side as he has struggled for form in the domestic matches since being dropped for the Tests.
Also fortunate to win a recall is left handed opener, Nasir Jamshed for the ODI matches. Left-arm pacer Wahab Riaz has also recovered from his knee problem which he suffered during the ODIs against Australia, and has been picked in both formats.
Opener Ahmed Shehzad who was hit on the jaw by a short pitched ball during the first test against New Zealand is also back in the squads after a quick recovery.
Chief selector Moin Khan said in the PCB release that the coming limited over series was last opportunity for players to perform and cement their places for the World Cup.
“This is our final opportunity to test all our potential players before the World Cup. That is why we have tried to induct all our fit players in contention for a slot,” Moin said.
Squads:
Pakistan T20: Ahmed Shehzad, Anwar Ali, Muhammad Hafeez, Haris Sohail, Muhammad Irfan, Owais Zia, Raza Hasan, Saad Nasim, Sarfaraz Ahmed, Shahid Afridi, Sohail Tanvir, Umar Akmal, Umar Gul, Wahab Riaz.
Pakistan ODI squad: Ahmed Shehzad, Muhammad Hafeez, Nasir Jamshed, Asad Shafiq, Bilawal Bhatti, Haris Sohail, Misbah-ul-Haq, Muhammad Irfan, Sarfaraz Ahmed, Shahid Afridi, Sohail Tanvir, Umar Akmal, Umar Gul, Wahab Riaz, Younis Khan, Zulfiqar Babar.

Sen.-elect Tom Cotton agrees with candidate Tom Cotton on immigration and terrorismBy Jaime Fuller November 30 Follow @j_fuller
Sen.-elect Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Sen.-elect Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) this morning went on "Meet the Press," where he mainly talked about his stance on immigration, an issue that the soon-to-be Republican Senate is sure to discuss in great detail following President Obama's recent executive action.
Host Chuck Todd played a clip of a controversial statement Rep. Cotton had made on the campaign trail connecting the immigration debate to the growth of the Islamic State.
Groups like the Islamic State collaborate with drug cartels in Mexico who have clearly shown they’re willing to expand outside the drug trade into human trafficking and potentially even terrorism. They could infiltrate our defenseless border and attack us right here in places like Arkansas.
Cotton did not step away from his remarks when asked if that was just campaign rhetoric. "As long as our border is open and it's defenseless," he said, "it's not just an immigration issue — it's a national security issue."
He added that "we know that these drug cartels in Mexico are focused primary on power and profit," and will do anything to gain these things. Cotton, who served in Iraq, repeatedly attacked Sen. Mark Pryor (D-Ark.) on national security issues in the 2014 Arkansas Senate race. According to several Associated Press-GfK polls during the election, likely voters were overwhelmingly worried about terrorism and the Islamic State as Election Day drew near.
Todd responded, "Some would argue that's fearmongering."
"Well, the Islamic State is cutting the heads off of Americans right now," Cotton said, "and their leader has said they want to strike us right here in the United States, and that is something that we should be fearful of and we should take a strong stance against, whether it's in Iraq or Syria or whether it's securing our Southern border."
 
At the time that Cotton made those campaign remarks, the federal government insisted t hat these claims of border threats were exaggerated. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told the House Homeland Security Committee at the time , "We see no specific intelligence or evidence to suggest at present that [the Islamic State] is attempting to infiltrate this country though our southern border." In September, Politifact ruled a claim that the Islamic State was in Mexico " mostly false ."
Todd also asked why the House failed to pass an immigration bill before the election, given much of the Republican Party's near-constant talk about the important of border security.
"There weren't the votes in the House going forward, to focus on the real problems that the voters in Arkansas shared with me on the campaign," Cotton said.
"I think we should pass an immigration bill that addresses our problems, which is a lack of border security and lack of internal enforcement."
In July 2013, Cotton wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal on immigration reform, which faulted the Senate's attempts to provide legal status for many undocumented immigrants, saying that enforcement was the bigger issue.
If the Senate insists on the legalization-first approach, then no bill will be enacted. Meanwhile, the House will remain focused on addressing ObamaCare, the economy and the national debt—which, after all, Americans overwhelmingly regard as higher priorities than immigration reform.
 
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Qatar will host 2022 World Cup  says defiant Sepp BlatterBy: Reuters | Manila |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:44 pm
A defiant FIFA President Sepp Blatter said there would be no moving the 2022 World Cup from Qatar, despite widespread concerns about the bidding process that took the tournament to the Middle East for the first time.
“2022, it is Qatar, and ladies and gentleman, believe me, with all that has been said around the world by whom? Those not involved with what happens in football. The World Cup in 2022 will be played in Qatar,” the 78-year-old Swiss told Asian Football Confederation members in Manila on Sunday.
The remarks, cheered and applauded loudly by Asian delegates, come as FIFA faces heavy criticism for not publishing a report by ethics investigator Michael Garcia into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Garcia’s findings were summarised in a 42-page statement published by FIFA ethics judge Hans-Joachim Eckert last week, which cleared the two winning bids, but which Garcia himself complained included misrepresentations.
FIFA has said it cannot publish the full report for legal reasons.
Asked if the report should be published in full, the Swiss said: “We are going now to the executive committee meeting with all these matters on the 19th (of December) in Morocco.”
A report in British newspaper The Sunday Times said it had passed on a dossier revealing further allegations of corruption regarding the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids, to a House of Commons committee and which were published on Saturday.
Blatter, however, appeared untroubled by the ongoing saga, taking the opportunity to throw his weight behind the capabilities of the Middle East nations.
“It is the second time we will go to organise the World Cup in Asia. The first was a lovely combination, a co hosting, between Japan and Korea Republic. It was a great success, a big success,” said the Swiss, who is seeking a fifth term as head of FIFA next year.
“But we have the next one. It will be the first time in the Arabic world but there is another competition that I would like to underline, the under 17 women’s tournament in 2016.
“For the first time….we are coming with women’s world cup in 2016 to the kingdom of Jordan. It is the trust and confidence of FIFA towards the Arabic world that they can organise all the competitions.”
Following the announcement, the Qatar Football Association were named winners of the AFC’s Dream Asia Award, a prize given, according to the AFC, to a body who use football as a tool for social change, enlighten the importance of social responsibility and promote the culture of giving.

Brilliant Bruno Pelissari takes Chennaiyin FC to doorstep of ISL semisBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:36 pm
Brazilian midfielder Bruno Pelissari’s individual brilliance saw Chennaiyin FC edge past Kerala Blasters 1-0 to all but ensure a place in the semi-final of the Indian Super League.
Pelissari’s 87th minute strike ensured Marco Materazzi’s men’s maintain their pole position in the eight-team league table with 22 points from 12 games — six points clear of second placed Atletico de Kolkata.
Blasters still hold onto their fourth place in the table with 15 points from 12 games.
There weren’t too many eye-catching moments but ‘Super-Sub’ Pelissari’s strike just 13 minutes after being introduced into thick of things.
It was corner that Blasters had earned at the other end and one saw Pelissari receive a clearance at the middle third in his own half. It was the start of 50-metre down the middle sprint as rival defenders chased shadows.
He had support on the right but decided to wait as he got the ball to his left-foot and swerving left-footed inswinger crashed into the net as veteran goalkeeper Sandeep Nandy had a puzzled look on his face.
The 61,000 partisan crowd went into pin-drop silence as they simply couldn’t believe what hit them.
The Chennaiyin, who are playing without their talismanic Brazilian Elano Blumer showed that they have solid bench strength as they snatched full points in a difiicult away game.
It couldn’t have been more delightful for team’s co-owner Abhishek Bachchan, who was seen in the VIP box along with his wife Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.
For Blasters, their frontman Iain Hume had the best scoring opportunity immediately after the change of ends when Stephen Pearson and CS Sabeeth combined well to execute a defence splitting through.
With Chennaiyin’s French goalie Gennaro Bracigliano coming out of his charge, Hume’s placement in haste was off target.
Blasters also received a setback when their skipper-cum-manager David James pulled a hamstring and was replaced by Nandy as early as 20th minute of the match.

Ghaziabad: 60 feared trapped in building collapseBy: Press Trust of India | Ghaziabad |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:18 pm
An under-construction building on Sunday collapsed in the city with at least 60 people being feared to be trapped under the debris, police said.
The incident took place in Tronica City police station area of the district.
One injured person has been rescued so far and sent to hospital for treatment, Ghaziabad District Magistrate Vimal Kumar Sharma said, adding that the rescue operation was on.

Manchester City crush Southampton 3-0  ascend to 2nd spotBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:15 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 12:58 pm
Champions Manchester City galvanised their pursuit of Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday with an emphatic 3-0 victory over a Southampton side who have surprisingly come between the leading title protagonists.
With table-topping Chelsea held to a 0-0 draw against Sunderland on Saturday, victory for City at fortress St Mary’s took them above Southampton into second place with 27 points from 13 matches, six behind Jose Mourinho’s pace setters.
After a less than convincing start to the attempted defence of their title, City’s display against Southampton saw them back to their free-flowing best as goals from Yaya Toure, Frank Lampard and Gael Clichy condemned Ronald Koeman’s high-flying side to a first home defeat of the season.
“We beat a very good team,” City manager Manuel Pellegrini, speaking to Sky Sports, said. “They were second in the table and deserved that position.
“It was important to have a clean sheet again, they had just one chance in the 90 minutes and that is important for the trust in our team.
“It was close in the first 45 minutes and we continued working as a team in defence and attack until we scored.”
City screamed for a penalty for a foul on Aguero in a goalless first half when Jose Fonte’s hefty challenge wiped the Argentine out in the box. Incredibly Aguero, making his 100th Premier League appearance, was booked for diving.
But Ivorian midfielder Toure, so often City’s go-to man on their way to the title last season, put his side in front after 51 minutes when his low shot from the edge of the area flicked off Saints defender Toby Alderweireld and past Fraser Forster.
When French defender Eliaquim Mangala received a second yellow for a foul on Shane Long it seemed Southampton had a lifeline but that was snatched away when Lampard ghosted through into space and buried his shot low into the corner after being picked out by James Milner.
Clichy hammered the final nail into Southampton’s coffin when he turned the ball home in the 88th minute.
“I’m disappointed because in the second half the beginning was a bit better than the start of the game,” Koeman told Sky Sports after his side dropped to third.
“You know that if you do some mistakes you are punished for that. It was not good enough today and we have to realise that. The difference was the quality.”
Tottenham Hotspur host Everton at White Hart Lane later on Sunday.

VIDEO: Rohtak sisters thrash three men for sexually harassing them in moving busPosted: December 1, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: December 1, 2014 5:38 pm
 
The video(above) of two sisters thrashing three men who were allegedly harassing them in a bus went viral, leading the police to take prompt action against the accused.
Late Sunday night, the three men — identified as Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak — were arrested.
The girls were returning from their Rohtak college to Sonepat in the Haryana Roadways bus on Friday when the men allegedly started harassing them. The girls objected at first, but the men reportedly kept passing lewd remarks. Then the sisters retaliated by beating them with their hands and belt, and attempted to push them out of the bus. They also tried calling the women’s helpline 1091, but in vain.
One of the passengers captured the incident on a mobile phone. The video later went viral on TV and social networking websites.
Inspector Gajender Singh, Station House Officer at the Rohtak Sadar police station, said, “A complaint was received on Friday evening and a case was registered against the three men. They are residents of Assan village.”According to the sisters, the men had harassed them earlier too.
“Mohit and Kuldeep were recently recruited into the Army and will proceed for training soon. The family of the accused were pressuring us to withdraw the case and reach a settlement,” the father of the girls said.
The BJP had prominently mentioned the issue of women’s security in its manifesto before the Vidhan Sabha elections polls in the state.
Haryana Chief Minister M Manohar Lal Khattar, after taking oath, had mentioned that the state government was contemplating deploying women police guards in buses to ensure safety of young girls. However, the proposal is yet to be implemented.

Kerala claims overall atletic championship for the third timeUpdated: November 30, 2014 23:12 IST
Kerala claims overall atletic championship for the third time
Special Correspondent
Parul Chaudhary erased Safeeda’s record in the 3000m steeplechase on Sunday. PHOTO: CH. VIJAYA BHASKAR
TOPICS
athletics, track and field
For the third time in a row, Kerala emerged the overall champion with 528.5 points in the Jio 30th National Junior Athletic championship that concluded at the IGMC Stadium here on Sunday.
The Kerala girls (361 points), who propelled the team to the top slot by topping in all the four segments, played a decisive role in deciding the champion.
Haryana, with 394 points, was a distant second. Its athletes (men) played a key role, garnering a whopping 289 points. Tamil Nadu girls put up an encouraging show by finishing runner-up in four sections.
Uttar Pradesh’s Parul Chaudary created a National record in the 3000m steeplechase by clocking 11:04.80 seconds. She bettered Safeeda’s (Kerala) effort of 11:34.62 set earlier this year. Haryana’s Neeraj rewrote the under-18 javelin record by clearing 76.50m thus erasing Abhishek’s 73.46m set in 2012.
The results: Boys: U-16: 3000m: 1. Tara Bhatt (UK) 9:00.48; 2. Anoj Kumar Yadav (MP) 9: 03.45; 3. Naveen Malik (Har) 9:06.03; 200m: 1. R. Naveen (TN) 22.50s; 2. Ashish (Har) 22.67; 3. P. Siva (AP) 22.93. U-18: 200m: 1. Joseph Joe (Ker) 22.20s; 2. M. Kiran (TN) 22.30; 3. Jyothi Prasad (Ker) 22.48; 800m: 1. Amoj (Del) 2:01.27s; 2. Ajith (Ker) 2:01.35; 3. Manish Kumar Yadav (UK) 2:01.38; 3000m: 1. Kisan Narshi Tadvi (Mah) 8:41.34; 2. Rahul Kumar (UP) 8:44.74; 3. Arjun Kumar (UP) 8:44.89; Triple jump: 1. Sonu Kumar (Raj) 14.98m; 2. Sanal (Ker) 14.63; 3. Ramdeo Tigga (Jhar) 14.53. U-20: 200m: 1. Jithesh (Ker) 22.32s; 2. Sathish Kumar (TN) 22.44; 3. Narinder Singh (Pun) 22.46; 800m Run: 1. Arjun Khokhar (Har) 1:58.35; 2. Shashi Bhushan (WB) 1:58.54; 3. Gokala Kannan (TN) 1:59.06. 10000m: 1. Sharwan Kharb (Har) 30:57.43s; 2. Raj Kumar Singh (UP) 31:20.38; 3. Amaresh Yadav (Mani) 31:25.69; Triple jump: 1. Ranjeet Kumar (UP) 15.10m; 2. Abin (Ker) 14.91; 3. Abdulla (Ker) 14.78; Javelin: 1. Birendra Kumar Singh (Guj) 70.76m; 2. Arvind Kumar (UP) 67.80; 3. Parvinder Kumar (Har) 66.08.
Girls: U-16 200m: 1. Jisna Mathew (Ker) 25.19s; 2. Tamilselvi (TN) 25.95s; 3. Fathima (Ker) 26.27; Shot put: 1. Anamika Das (UP 13.01m, 2. Seema (Har) 12.54; 3. Kiran (UP) 12.14. U-18: 200m: 1. A. Chandralekha (TN) 25.79s; 2. Vismaya (Ker) 26.23; 3. Shaharbana (Ker) 26.54; 800m: 1. Abitha Mary (Ker) 2:16.53s; 2. Therese Joseph (Ker) 2:17.53; 3. Bharti (Har) 2:18.37; 2000m steeplechase: 1. Khushbu (UP) 7:25.19s; 2. Ankita (UK) 7:35.82; 3. Priyanka (Mah) 7:48.91.
U- 20: 200m: 1. Shilbi (Ker) 26.29; 2. Farhena Parvin (WB) 26.42; 3. B. Dhanalakshmi (TN) 26.56; 800m: 1. Jessy Joseph (Ker) 2:10.18s; 2. Sugandha Kumari (Bih) 2:11.74; 3. Sugandha (UP) 2:15.53; 3000m: 1 Chitra (Ker) 9:56.92s; 2. Neha (MP) 10:13.75; 3. Phoolan Pal (Asm) 10:14.43; 3000m steeplechase: 1. Parul (UP) 11:04.80s; 2. Pooja Kumari (UK) 11:49.78; 3. Peenu Yadav (Del) 12:14.41; High jump: 1. Angel (Ker) 1.66m; 2. Jyoti (Har) 1.64; 3. Parneet Kaur (Pun) 1.55. Hammer throw: 1. Athira Muralidharan (Ker) 48.09m; 2. Niketa (Del) 44.45; 3. Annu (Har) 40.78; 4x400 relay: 1. Kerala ‘A’ 4:03. 49s; 2. Bihar ‘A’ 4:13.33; 3. Andhra Pradesh 4:21.05.
Overall: 1. Kerala 528.5; 2. Haryana 394. Men: 1. Haryana 289; 2. Uttar Pradesh 181. Women: 1. Kerala 361; 2. Tamil Nadu 222. Boys: U- 20: 1. Haryana 96; 2. Kerala 87; U-18: Haryana 90; 2. Uttar Pradesh 65; U-16: Haryana 85; 2. UP 31; U-14: 1. AP 23; 2. UP 19.. Girls: U-20: Kerala 137; 2. TN 56; U-18: 1. Kerala; 2. TN 75; 3. U-16: Kerala 74; 2. TN 72; U-14: 1. Kerala 32; 2. Tamil Nadu 19.

Thanksgiving Travel: Snow  Ice and Wind Spell Trouble
Does Cyber Monday Still Matterreddit
This Black Friday is set to be bigger than ever, with pre-sales already up 19 percent year over year, according to IBM. But there is huge overlap on product offerings for many big box stores and if social media is any indicator, the core opportunity (and challenge) is differentiation on anything other than price.
Messages highlighting heavily discounted products, coupons, hashtags and free gifts are everywhere, with one brand even offering to discount a pair of boots by $90 if their Instagram post receives 25,000 likes :
A photo posted by Nordstrom (@nordstrom) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 8:15am PST
Retailers such as Target, Amazon, Walmart, Sears and many more have kicked off early Black Friday sales, in many cases posting their most aggressive discounts early to get a jump on share of the consumer's wallet this holiday. Amazon is even releasing new deals every ten minutes , creating anticipation and an auction-like atmosphere that drives stickiness on site, time pressure and -- hopefully for Amazon -- a compulsive desire to keep coming back throughout the sale period.
But how can shoppers sustain meaningful excitement when EVERYONE is heavily discounting many of the same products, with no real demarcation between when the sales end and begin? Are we going to soon have Black November with the whole month on sale? It can get overwhelming just keeping on top of all the timing and lists, and Black Friday hasn't even officially begun.
Which has left many wondering -- will we have anything left in us for the actual Black Friday, let alone by the time Cyber Monday rolls around?
If social media is any indication, retailers have nothing to worry about. Since the start of the month, social shoppers have shared more than 120 million moments with retail brands such as Macy's, Amazon, Nordstrom and more -- sharing, commenting, tweeting and liking their way towards Black Friday sales, with no sign of slowing down. This also reflects a 109 percent growth over 2013, based on findings from social media measurement provider Shareablee.
Social clicking is also on the rise, with major retailers receiving 2.2 clicks for every other kind of engagement on social media, indicating that social audiences on platforms such as Facebook and Twitter do find it compelling to click back to a site to learn more about offers, products and other content. In fact, social clicking has risen 127 percent over 2013. This is a particularly strong sign given the opportunity in e-commerce for Cyber Monday, despite the prevalence of Instagram, a platform that has not yet enabled retailers or brands to place live links inside of posts to drove referral traffic.
For me, lining up for hours in order to stampede my way through packed physical spaces strewn with discounted goods has never sounded like an ideal cure for overindulgence on Thanksgiving. But like any shopper, the appeal of the timely discount is strong, and Cyber Monday is a compelling counter balance to the drama of Black Friday -- particularly if I can partake in the shopping tradition in a few clicks, from the warmth and comfort of my home. This becomes truer as each year passes and the lead-up becomes more protracted -- the simplicity of Cyber Monday, a one-day free-for-all in which shoppers get to bypass the in-person madness while deriving much of the benefit. It is a simple way to partake in an established tradition, with a hint of counter culture to it.
As time becomes more scarce, I like to think of this as "Effective/Efficient Shopping Management."
Follow Tania Yuki on Twitter: www.twitter.com/taniayuki
More:

Readers weigh in on Dulles troublesPeople stand in the main terminal at Washington Dulles International Airport. (Associated Press)
Readers weren’t shy about their feelings about Dulles International Airport and its recent troubles.
At 10,000 acres, the airport is the largest of the three in the D.C. region. But sometime next year, more people will fly through Reagan National than Dulles. That’s a pretty significant milestone considering that Dulles is roughly 14 times National’s size. Baltimore Washington International Thurgood Marshall, however, remains the busiest airport in terms of passenger traffic.
Some folks simply don’t like Dulles. Too big, too difficult to navigate.
Agreed. RT @greta : @ktumulty @loriara @ByronYork by the way, Dulles is the WORST airport in country – terribly inconvenient in so many ways
— Byron York (@ByronYork) November 28, 2014
IAD’s problem is time from car to gate; makes drive intolerable. Need 75mph on access road, garage trams cc: @loriara http://t.co/bF9rvqbiqm ”
— Brad Todd (@BradOnMessage) November 28, 2014
@loriara @postlocal Dulles has always been far less convienent. This isn’t new. Undergrounding wmata would have helped but lost support
— Samantha Wentling (@SoSamIam) November 28, 2014
Dulles does have its fans:
@emptywheel @loriara I live in Prince Wm Cnty and work in DC, and use both airports, but I prefer Dulles … better amenities, less traffic.
— Col. Morris Davis (@ColMorrisDavis) November 28, 2014
As far as the worst airport in the country, Dulles has some competition:
@ByronYork @greta @ktumulty @loriara y’all ever been to Lambert? It’s pretty bad….no offense @flystl
— Mark Bult (@markjbult) November 28, 2014
@ByronYork @greta @ktumulty @loriara I dunno… I think Newark is just as bad as Dulles.

With worst likely behind  when will GDP growth reach 6%Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With worst likely behind, when will GDP growth reach 6%?
Experts CNBC-TV18 spoke to believe that the trough of economic growth, logged in at below 5 percent over the past two years, has likely been seen. They discussed the various factors that could impact economic growth in the medium term ahead.
Post your opinion here
Indianomics
Growth for the second quarter came in better than expected at 5.3 percent, even as some economists were working with a sub 5 percent figure.
To discuss the GDP numbers, as well as when the Indian economy could see an appreciable pick-up in growth, CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh spoke with Arvind Virmani, Advisor to RBI, Member of the Technical Advisory Committee, Subir Gokarn, Former Deputy Governor of RBI and Research Head at Brookings Institution and Sonal Varma, Chief Economist, Nomura India.
All three experts believe that the trough of economic growth, logged in at below 5 percent over the past two years, has likely been seen. Here they discuss the various factors that could impact economic growth in the medium term ahead.
Below is the transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Q: 5.3 percent is better than what the street expected so looks like the worst is behind for the Indian economy in terms of growth?
Virmani: I recall that when the 5.7 percent number came in, in Q1, I had said that the growth for the next quarter will be less than 5.5 percent. So, in that sense less than 5.5 percent, 5.4 percent, 5.3 percent I am not surprised. So, as far as I am concerned I am still on track, we are still on track to my forecast which I gave after the Budget which is of 5.7 percent growth; plus, minus usual 0.25 let us say. So, in that sense it is good news as far as I am concerned.
Q: Is there any specific disappointment? A large amount of growth has come from government, community social personal services has given 9.6 percent. Is that sustainable with the tax revenues being so poor, this will fall in the Q4, isn’t it? So, would you have to revise your overall number?
Virmani: Two concerns remain which were already in some sense flagged by the IIP data which came out recently. One is on manufacturing as you mentioned. The rate of recovery in manufacturing is not fast enough and we have to see this in the context of global excess capacity in manufacturing, the very slow and constant downward revisions of global growth. So, this is a big concern and this will link up to issues connected with reforms.
Second part is as you again pointed out, the investment recovery. There is no investment recovery and that links to this issue of the gap between the financial which we are seeing in the stock markets and the gross fixed real investments. So, that gap is getting wider and wider so it clearly remains a big concern for policy again.
Q: What have you made of the GDP numbers, does it indicate that the worst is over or are we going to get something pathetic for the third quarter, does it indicate that at least there is future growth sometime soon?
Gokarn: The one thing that I want to highlight is that this is a tale of two halves. The performance of economy in the first half I don’t think is going to be a very effective predictor of the performance of the economy in the second half and the main reason for that is the very dramatic decline in oil prices that we have seen in the last few months.
In the first half, we do see signs of some emergence from the bottom -- no question -- when we compare it to the last year, when it 4.7 and 5.2, in comparable quarters we are at 5.7 and 5.3. So, roughly 5.5 growth in the first half. When we look ahead we are really going to see a very different environment. For one thing the macro situation with inflation, with the current account deficit narrowing particularly because the pressure from oil is going to be substantially lower and the fiscal deficit. Everything else remains the same, the reduction in oil prices is going to have a bearing on the fiscal situation.
All of this creates a very different backdrop for anybody looking at expanding capacities. As Arvind just said, there is an excess capacity situation both in the country and globally in many sectors so I don’t think we should be expecting an investment revival any time soon but we need certain preconditions to be established for the investment to recover and one of them -- there is the other one which I will come to -- one of them is sustained margin expansions.
If we see margins going up, corporate margins, profit margins going up over the next two or three quarters which I expect will happen because commodity prices particularly energy prices will soften then we have the preconditions for an investment recovery some time during the course of next year.
The second one is obviously the monetary policy stance as and when we start to see interest rates coming off, that should add further stimulus. When that is going to happen and at what pace I am not going to speculate but the inflation scenario being what it is obviously as most people are expecting some time during the course of next few months we should see the cycle turn.
So this is really creating conditions for investment recovery perhaps in the second half of calendar 2015 and that is the story looking ahead, I don’t think we should be too concerned about the story looking back.

Rs 100cr sales target by 2017 for Caprese: VIP IndustriesNov 29, 2014, 02.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rs 100cr sales target by 2017 for Caprese: VIP Industries
CNBC-TV18’s Pavni Mittal caught up exclusively with company MD Radhika Piramal to understand how she plans to achieve that target.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rs 100cr sales target by 2017 for Caprese: VIP Industries
CNBC-TV18’s Pavni Mittal caught up exclusively with company MD Radhika Piramal to understand how she plans to achieve that target.
Post your opinion here
 
VIP Industries ' 2-year old ladies’ handbag brand Caprese recently launched its biggest marketing campaign in order to position itself as an accessible brand in the Rs 2,500 crore market and reach the 100 crore mark in sales by 2017.
CNBC-TV18’s Pavni Mittal caught up exclusively with company MD Radhika Piramal to understand how she plans to achieve that target.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview:
Q: Why did VIP enter the ladies’ handbag segment and what was the need?
A: My father and I have always realised a large potential in the ladies handbag market. It is much bigger in size than luggage. What we saw was that there are very few niche, high priced, foreign and international brands in the country and then a lot of local and unbranded handbags. There is no mid-priced, great quality, high style yet affordable ladies’ handbag in the market and we wanted to create that. That is a big market for it.
Q: You said that you expect to become Rs 100 crore brand by 2017. So, how much of that has been achieved and what is your roadmap?
A: We are on track for Rs 100 crore for 2017. It has been a great launch. In the first year, we started small and in the second year, we doubled that turnover. I am confident to grow about 50 percent in the next year especially with the kind of brand investment that we have made. Our goal is that one in five women in SEC A&B should be carrying a Caprese bag.
Q: 50 percent of your business comes from your luggage business and the aim was to at least try and match that in the couple of years by Caprese. So, how much of that has been achieved and how much of that will be achieved in the next couple of years?
A: VIP brand within luggage is 50 percent of our company’s turnover. So VIP is a Rs 500 crore brand. Now, reaching Rs 500 crore for Caprese might take a bit longer than expected because I realised that it is hard to change consumer behaviour. So moving from unbranded to branded it is every marketer’s goal in India practically. So, yes, maybe it is a 10-year journey rather than a five-year journey but one I am very excited to embark on.
Q: But that is an aim?
A: Absolutely, yes.
VIP Industries stock price
On December 10, 2014, VIP Industries closed at Rs 109.20, down Rs 0.95, or 0.86 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 125.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 54.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.36 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.05. The latest book value of the company is Rs 20.34 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.37.
RELATED NEWS

More delegation of power to railway zones in offing: PrabhuNov 29, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
More delegation of power to railway zones in offing: Prabhu
Steps are being taken for greater delegation of powers to all the 16 railway zones of the country, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said here.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
More delegation of power to railway zones in offing: Prabhu
Steps are being taken for greater delegation of powers to all the 16 railway zones of the country, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said here.
Post your opinion here
 
Steps are being taken for greater delegation of powers to all the 16 railway zones of the country, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said here. 
On his first visit at North Western Railway (NWR) here late last night, Prabhu said that powers will be given to zones for faster decision and completion of works.
"Major changes in railways for its betterment and delegation of powers to all 16 zones in the country is in the offing," the railway minister said.
The minister also took a review meeting with NWR General Manager R C Agarwal, DGM and Chief PRO Tarun Jain said today. Prabhu also directed the officials to ensure maximum safety of passengers and quality of food served to them besides keeping clean railways in NWR and CWR (part of Kota division), the PRO said.
Suggesting greater delegation of powers to General Managers (GM) and Divisional Railway Managers (DRM), former Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) chief E Sreedharan yesterday submitted an interim report to the Railway Minister.
"Powers will be delegated to GMs and DRMs for speedy implementation of projects. Hope transparency and merit prevails," Prabhu tweeted after submission of the report by Sreedharan.
After taking over the ministry, Prabhu has constituted the one-man Sreedharan committee to fix accountability in all tendering processes.
RELATED NEWS

New Depository Receipts Scheme!Tweet
Published on Sat, Nov 29,2014 | 15:39, Updated at Mon, Dec 01 at 22:22Source : CNBC-TV18 |   Watch Video :
November will go down as a month of good news and bad news for foreign investors in India. This week SEBI imposed new restrictions on P-Note investors. Now investors in Overseas Derivative Instruments will have to meet almost the same eligibility criteria as Foreign Portfolio Investors. But on the other hand last week the Government Of India opened the door to a new class of foreign investors. In a bold new step for the Indian capital markets, the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 permits listed and unlisted Indian companies and their equity investors to issue new kinds of depository receipts. Will debt securities be included as well? Will this attract new foreign capital to India? Will this impact pricing and liquidity of Indian equities? Joining me on The Firm This Week are Deutsche Bank’s Anjali Mohanty, Citi’s Aashish Mishra & NDA’s Pratibha Jain.
Doshi: The one big new thing that this depository receipt scheme 2014 brings about is that level 1 ADRs i.e. sponsored or unsponsored non capital raising depository receipts (DRs) will be permitted now thanks to this scheme. Unsponsored being where the issuer company’s approval is not required. So far we have seen Indian companies to level 3 depository receipts essentially which are sponsors where the company is fully involved and that they are capital raising whereby you raise capital from foreign investors. This introduction of level 1 was amongst the most important new things that the scheme brings about. What else would you add to it?
Jain: What it does really is it allows both listed and unlisted Indian issuers to provide depository receipts globally whether through a listed route or an unlisted route through capital raising or non capital raising and whether sponsored or unsponsored and as you mentioned unsponsored basically means that you don’t need approval from the issuer of the security. Now that is as broad a framework as it can get and it is in line with global standards in terms of allowing capital raising or secondary transactions in capital markets.
NEW DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS SCHEME
-    Any Indian Listed/Unlisted/Private/Public Company & Any Other Issuer of Permissible Securities
-    Any person holding ‘permissible securities’
Permissible Securities: Shares, scrips, bonds, debentures of a company + Derivatives + CIV scheme units + Security Receipts + MF units + Govt securities
Sponsored ADR: In which the issuer enters into agreement directly with US Depository Bank
Unsponsored ADR: In which ADR may be initiated by a broker-dealer, without cooperation of the issuer
Doshi: Anjali, Listed and unlisted Indian companies, private or public Indian companies can in fact now issue depository receipts overseas. This is a big new development for the unlisted space firstly to begin with. We had in a sense indications in the beginning of the year that this was going to be permitted. It is finally being enabled. This is very good news for companies like Flipkart or a variety of new e-commerce companies in this country or digital companies in this country who may want to test the appetite of foreign investors?
Mohanty: Absolutely, as you rightfully said it is a combination of listed and unlisted. Till today ADRs were allowed, so companies could go do capital raising in the US, a listed entity in India could already do that. What this has done now is actually allow companies to go and do non-capital raising and just access the deep investor pool. So capital raising in the US obviously comes at its own set of disclosures and cost and all of that if you had to do that. Today you could do that if you had a listed company in India just riding on those disclosures that are already there, you can now go and create a sponsored or an unsponsored program in the US which is called as level 1 ADR and have a wide range of investors who can actually come and participate in your stock which is actually fantastic.
Doshi: Three new things Ashish; the fact that unlisted companies can also now issue depository receipts, the fact that the holder of the security can also participate in creating an ADR so to speak and that any kind of security can be the underlying. So, there are several doors opening up in this, isn’t it?
NEW DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS SCHEME
-    Listed companies can do non-capital raising DRs
-    Unlisted companies can issue DRs
-    Holders of securities can do DRs
-    Underlying can be equity, debt/Govt bonds…
Mishra: Absolutely, and just to echo what the panellists said, I think to me the most fundamental thing about the committee report is that it kind of plugs in a key gap in the Indian capital markets. So if you look at any other markets you have direct onshore products where the investor comes to the market and then you have access product which so far for the Indian markets has primarily been Participatory Notes (P-Notes), maybe Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) for example if you count them and this was a key components, which was missing which the regulators have rightly plugged, so that is fundamental.
If you just look in terms of how the local issuers are impacted, technically there was always a mechanism and this was brought in two years ago for unlisted Indian companies to raise capital directly overseas without necessarily listing on Indian exchanges. I don’t think it really took off in a big way for various reasons. Maybe it was the timing of the market conditions and so on but with the new measure of the level 1 DRs it is a great way for people to test the waters. So it is a very easy way to trade in the US. There are very low compliance requirements. You can gauge investor demand, and the second thing which was bang on which was in terms of increasing the breadth of products on which you could offer DRs.
Doshi: The fact that the underlying can be equity, it can be an equity derivative, it can be debt, it could be pretty much anything, that is fairly revolutionary for us because still now we were doing depository receipts only on the basis of an underlying equity, right?
Mishra: Absolutely, so to me that is the other significant part. That will play a very important part especially as far as the fixed income space is concerned. So, if you ask my own view on the basis of what investors tell us there is a lot of play in it for equity and for government bonds and then moving on to corporate bonds.
Doshi: Who is the target investor, if I may put it that way?
Mohanty: As you rightfully said this program is going to be more led by the investor demand. If you look at the Sahoo committee report the big thing they were trying to address is most of the large investors have a home country bias and they are much more comfortable investing in their own countries, that is what this is going to address. So, investors who does not necessarily want to come to India yet or wants to test the waters or has certain restrictions in their own charter which does not allow them to invest beyond a certain amount in international equity markets can now test the markets by accessing this level 1 which is in the US, in their time zone, cost efficient, highly efficient for them to invest.
Doshi: So is the US the main market for this?
Mohanty: If you look at the current set of level 1 ADRs both sponsored and unsponsored they are mainly in the US.
Doshi: And this is all OTC trading in the US, so it is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) or NASDAQ or anything like that, right?
Mohanty: So, they could be either listed or unlisted but a bulk of them are OTC and they prefer to be OTC. So even in this situation obviously if the company ultimately does not want to raise capital there is no value in going and listing it in the US because then you have to go through all the regulatory requirements and local compliance.
Doshi: Where will most of this demand come from, which kinds of companies will be drawn to level 1 ADRs because level 3 we are familiar with, we have got a bunch of Indian companies listed on NYSE, NASDAQ . Who will be drawn to level 1 first?
ADR Level 1: Sponsored/Un-sponsored + Non-capital raising + OTC Trading
Minimal regulations, No GAAP compliance required
ADR Level 3: Sponsored + Capital Raising + Trades on national securities exchange
Fully regulated by SEC , Full GAAP compliance
Mishra: If you just focus on the investor base first and we did a quick study on this in terms of the existing level 1 DR market in the US. So there are approximately 2,200 odd actively traded DR programs in the OTC markets in US. The total investments held in those markets are nearly upward of USD 70-80 billion, this was 2013 end numbers. So it is a very active, very big market and the investor base today comprises mainly of a large number of long only US investors across asset managers, insurance, pension and the likes. Anjali dwelled upon the reasons why they do this, it is no different than why they would do P-Notes for that matter, any access product that they don’t want to come to India for whatever rhyme or reason. It could be income tax filing related, it could be the access mechanism.
Doshi: It is just easier to be able to do this in your home jurisdiction?
Mishra: It is easier and some of them by the charter are bound to only invest in US dollar nominated securities.
Doshi: And depository receipts will give them that.
Mishra: Absolutely, so to that extent it is a very good pool of capital which today does not access the Indian market. So to that extent it gives us access, us as in the Indian capital market.
Doshi: So it is a new pool, very important to say. It is a new pool of capital that we will be reaching out.
Jain: In terms of the companies that would access it, the initial demand just given historically where these investors would invest because supply will follow the demand, it would initially be the listed companies or the big names. You mentioned the e-commerce companies; I can see them accessing the markets. For the listed companies it is easy, they can do the level 1 program, the global investors know these names. So, it is easier for them to jump in.
Doshi: And what about the holders of securities?
Jain: The holder of securities I would think would be the sophisticated investors in India currently, whether in listed companies to start with, there are still questions around how the unlisted companies do it. Just talking to the depositories you realise that they are still trying to work out how the whole structure for the unlisted companies will work out. So the first step for the existing investors of the companies would be the listed companies.
Mishra: My own sense is that in the first few months you will see activities largely in the top 100 listed companies. Unlisted, theoretically they can but we need to work out the structures and so on. There are Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) rules which need to looked into. But in terms of holders of securities and that is interesting because so far DRs the way it would work is that once the company created the headroom and issued the DRs a lot of the program building up again used to happen by secondary market activity.
Now the Sahoo Committee says that you can continue with the secondary market base build up of the program. Additionally an existing holder theoretically under the Sahoo Committee can just surrender his shares and get it issued in the DR format overseas, but there are tax challenges to that. So I don’t think it is going to happen until some of those tax guidance gets clarified.
Doshi: I just want you to explain it through an illustration so that our viewers understand it fully.
Mohanty: So if there is an investor, say, XYZ Fund Management company in the US which wants to participate in an unsponsored or a sponsored of a certain company. So, they will go their brokers or they will go to the depository and say this is a company that we are interested in. Now flipside what happens is, in turn they will place an order with a broker in India who will buy. So their counterpart broker in India will buy those shares deposited with the custodian, such as Deutsche bank or one of the custodians that you have who in turn will then convert it into an ADR and deposit it into the depository in the US. So for a person holding a share, if you are holding the share or we it is no different from selling in the market locally.
Mishra: I have a couple of thoughts, just two points. One is in terms of the changes besides what Anjali mentioned. The point I was trying to bring out and that is new with this committee is that today the way you create DRs is exactly what Anjali described. So what the notification also allies in addition to what was just described is, forget someone placing an order in the US coming to a local broker, forget all of that. An investor has existing shares of company X in India. What the notification allows is that the investor can just surrender those shares to a custodian so no, secondary market transaction. You can just surrender your shares to a custodian and take it in an ADR form in the US. That is new and that has taxation challenges.
Doshi: Why would an investor want to do that?
Mishra: It could be arbitrage, it could be reasons for liquidity, he wants to trade in a US instrument, the same reason we strive trading in the ADR market even today.
Doshi: So, companies would do level 1 to gauge foreign investor interests and let’s assume that step 1 to be wanting to potentially do a capital raising ADR, so to speak. So that is why they do it, to get a sense of what is the appetite for my securities in another market somewhere else in the world. That is why companies would do it. Holders would do it for the reasons that you just articulated which is that it may be arbitrage, the ADR of that company which is already listed on the NYSE or NASDAQ is trading at a higher price than the domestic security, you want to be able to benefit of that or a variety of other personal reasons is what you are saying.
Doshi: I want to come to some of the more technical aspects. Now having understood the concept, the demand and the supply to some extent, will pricing or listing be an issue?
Mishra: I think in terms if you look at what the notification says, they have streamlined and liberalised the pricing norms essentially saying that the pricing should not be less than the price at which you need to issue to domestic investors.
NEW DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS SCHEME
Pricing
Underlying securities to be issued to Foreign Depository at price not less than such transfer to domestic investors
ie: company’s preferential allotment to Foreign Depository to be at preferential allotment  price under ICDR
ie:  company’s QIP to Foreign Depository to be at minimum pricing norms under ICDR
Doshi: In the case of an unsponsored DR how will it get priced?
Mishra: There is no pricing in an unsponsored DR; it is driven by the market price.
Mohanty: The challenge is in an unlisted unsponsored -- in a listed there is already a price point.
Mishra: There is a market price.
Doshi: So who decides the design of the DR, will the DR represent one share, two shares. When it is a level 3, the company works with the bankers to do all of this?
Mishra: It is decided by the depository bank.
Doshi: Could you have for instance in the case of unsponsored level 1 DRs a variety of different depository banks in different countries?
Mohanty: You could have multiple unsponsored programmes of one company. Most of them would be in the US like I said because of bulk of the unsponsored market is there. So to give you an example like L’Oreal which is a French company has four-five unsponsored DRs in the US, so you could have it.
Doshi: So that was one question I wanted to ask. I don’t suppose voting rights is an issue at all because we have already been through what that means for level 3 ADRs, I suppose exactly the same has happened in this case.
Mohanty: It has voting rights, absolutely.
Mishra: Except that for unsponsored, the market practice internationally is not to have voting rights. So that is something which the depository banks are working together to enable for the Indian market but otherwise as a market practice, you don’t have voting rights.
Doshi: That is very interesting because here the existence of the DR depends on there being a voting right.
NEW DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS SCHEME
-    Must grant Voting Rights
-    Must be listed on an International Exchange
International Exchange: Platform for trading DRs + In a permissible jurisdiction + accessible to public + pre & post trade transparency
Mishra: Yes and they made specific requirement for unsponsored.
Doshi: Yes, they have.
Mishra: So it is something unique for the Indian market, which we all as a depository bank, will work together and have that in place.
Mohanty: Another little nuance since you are picking up little nuances, for an unlisted company, it says that you could have an unlisted company and go and have a sponsored or an unsponsored but the challenge that in the US, the exemptions that are allowed under the SEC for disclosures, etc is only given if you are also listed in your home market. So technically if you are not listed, you have to do full disclosure to have a sponsored and unsponsored programme.
Doshi: So it is not as pretty as it looks for unlisted company?
Mishra: Yes.
Mohanty: Absolutely.
Doshi: The next question is how does this get counted towards foreign limits? For instance, two instances, we have two illustrations, one a company does sponsored level 1. There is an FII cap applicable to all listed companies in India, there is an FDI cap applicable to all sectors or whichever sectors that we are talking about here, so would these DRs be counted if it is a sponsored level 1 towards those FII and FDI limits and what happens if it is an unsponsored DR? The holder of the securities infact, the one doing it, the company is not involved at all, does it still get counted towards the company’s FII/FDI limits?
NEW DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS SCHEME
Shares transferred for DR issue may not exceed foreign ownership limits
DRs may be converted to underlying permissible securities
Mishra: Irrespective of whether it is sponsored or unsponsored, DR investments get counted as a part of the FDI investments. The challenge is that so far DR limit monitoring was a fairly simple process, the company based on the number of shares that issued on day one, DRs that are issued; the entire programme had to be within that cap in the life of the programme. Now it will get capped by the FDI sectoral cap for that company and who does it monitoring because there is no central repository as of date for the FDI investments or for someone to be able to track that. So I think some operational changes will have to be done in the way the market works, maybe have a central monitoring system, it could be the issuer, it could be the depositories in India, so those things will need to be worked upon.
Doshi: Anjali, you want to add to that, anything different?
Mohanty: No, I agree with that.
Mishra: The interesting thing will be when you get to DRs on government bonds for example because till date, government bonds investments are only FII or foreign portfolio investors (FPI), FDI is not permitted but if you enable DRs, today DRs are FDIs.
Doshi: A foreign investment in government bonds is capped. So if you participate through this kind of unsponsored DR, will it be counted towards the cap?
Mishra: It will be.
Doshi: But somebody will have to do the monitoring as you pointed out. My final question is this then from the listed company point of view, if they are doing a sponsored level 1 DR then they are testing the waters, it is fairly easy for them, they are in control of the process to some extent. But if the unsponsored level 1 DR becomes a big rage, what is it going to mean for companies here and also the combined impact of two to have all of these depository receipts trading on OTC markets, what will be the impact of the liquidity and price of the underlying security here in India?
Mohanty: If you ask me, there has to be a price parity between the price onshore and these DRs. So today if you have to see some of the ADRs that we have, there is a bit of arbitrage purely because there is a demand/supply constraint issue but the minute you have this, ultimately it has to come at a common point between the local price and the price overseas. So if you look at historically, all the unsponsored DRs which are there, you will find that they trade very close to the onshore listed security itself. So it will find its equilibrium.
Mishra: We did a quick study in the other markets where this prevails and we found that approximately on an average one and a half percent of the float of the company moves to a level 1 DR format. So from a liquidity impact, it is not significant, it is not that the liquidity gets exported overseas, having said that there are a lot of positive benefits in terms of as we said, access to new investor pool, a lot of trading driven by price parity arbitrage, so it induces liquidity in the markets to the extent you have instruments with price parity in the US and in India.
Doshi: Praibha, do you want to come in on the last bit in terms of what boxes still need to get ticked for this to become operational, the notifications as it is effective December 15th, but when will we see the first level 1 ADR on the back of this notification?
Jain: We still need certain boxes to be ticked. We need tax clarity; I think nobody would want to jump in till tax clarity comes in. We also need FEMA to be updated to include the new notification, you need the same for the income tax act, we will have to see if SEBI wants to put any other bells and whistles around it, for example they need to monitor for abuse of market. So if they are going to put any specific regulations for that. The key one will be the tax clarity, the rest can happen very quickly.
Mohanty: Pratibha, I am with you on the unlisted and the debt and other securities that have been opened up but the listed companies today wanting to do level 1 sponsored, unsponsored, do you see a tax challenge there as well?
Jain: If it is unsponsored where I don’t have clarity is when there is a transfer on the market price. From the not the issuer but he buys in the market, gives it to the depository or the custodian and then the depository, there needs to be clarity that there is no taxation there.
More Stories

Does marriage really ruin Bollywood careersDoes marriage really ruin Bollywood careers?
Yahoo Lifestyle –  Tue 25 Nov, 2014 12:43 PM IST
“Once you’re married, your filmy career is doomed”, that seems to be the official norm in B-town.
But has that blown out of proportion?
After all, for some actresses it was a personal choice:
Description Toggle
1 - 7 / 7
Bhagyashri -- Ask a guy who was in his teens in the late 90s about her and you will get one reply- Oh! she was just perfect! The gorgeous diva made her debut in ‘Maine Pyaar Kiya’ opposite Salman ... more 
Bhagyashri -- Ask a guy who was in his teens in the late 90s about her and you will get one reply- Oh! she was just perfect! The gorgeous diva made her debut in ‘Maine Pyaar Kiya’ opposite Salman Khan. The film was a huge success and her character ‘Suman’ became the ideal girl for the youth in India. However she broke her fans’ hearts, when she married actor Himalaya at the age of 19. In her words “I sacrificed for the person I love the most.” less 
1 / 7

Droughts  unseasonal rains push Jalna farmers to agricultural labourUpdated: November 30, 2014 18:57 IST
Droughts, unseasonal rains push Jalna farmers to agricultural labour
Shoumojit Banerjee
Tweet
The Hindu
Chandrakant Salunkhe became a daily wage labourer after selling off his three-acre farm in Jalna district of Maharashtra after the vicious cycle of drought and unseasonal rain ruined his cotton crop for three consecutive years. Photo: Shoumojit Banerjee
The Hindu
After successive droughts and unseasonal rains, Rajabai Manjulkar and her husband have been forced to sell off their one-acre farm in Jalna district of maharashtra and become daily wage labourers. Rajabai, along with their daughter Sheetal, trudges 20 km daily to work on a road-laying project in a nearby village. Photo: Shoumojit Banerjee
TOPICS
labour
An angry silence greets one on entering the village of Dhasalgaon in Jalna district. Perpetuating agrarian crises for the last three years have made the once-proud farmers of this village poor.
Despite the newly elected Bharatiya Janata Party government’s announcement that it seek a Rs. 4,500-crore package from the Centre, farmers in Jalna have wearied of the lip service that Mumbai’s mandarins have been paying them for the last decade or so.
“Till 2011, the modest earnings from my field would see us through. Today, every single member of our family is out toiling as daily wage labourers in fields of bigger farmers”, says 50-year-old Subhash Mane. The cotton output of Mr. Mane’s four-acre farm has been steadily declining in quality since 2010. This year, unseasonal showers ensured there was no growth at all.
Dhasalgaon, one of the 8,000-odd villages across Maharashtra where the crop yield has been less than 50 paise, is a microcosm of the condition of farmers throughout the districts of the rain-fed Marathwada and Vidarbha regions.
While braving the rain-deficit years of 2012 and 2013, unseasonal rain this year has transformed farmers with small land-holdings into a class of helots. But their ‘masters’ — the so-called richer farmers who own between 40 and 50 acres of farmland — have been hit equally hard.
“Unseasonal rains have cruelly crushed hopes here in Ambad taluk. We ourselves have no work to offer to smaller farmers as our fields have been ruined, the cotton crop stunted,” says Kantirao Shinde, who owns a 20-acre farmland. His sweet-lime trees have been devastated by consecutive droughts, while this year he is forced to make do with paltry harvest of low-grade cotton.
In 2012, Jalna was one of the worst districts in the entire country, reeling under the effects of a missing monsoon. Here, as in other drought-prone parts in Maharashtra, work under the United Progressive Alliance government’s flagship rural jobs guarantee scheme, the MGNREGS, only exists on paper
“Both me and my wife are out toiling from six in the morning to six in the evening. We barely earn Rs. 250 per day. Work is hard to find,” says Parmeshwar Shinde, who owns a two-acre cotton farm.
“Why cannot politicians think about preventive measures? The new BJP government is no different from anyone else,” says an irate Vasant Vanikar, who has a Rs. 2 lakh debt to repay.
Those belonging to the so-called lower castes, only recently come in possession of land, have it even harder. Rajabai Manjulkar, 28, with her four-year old child in tow, has to journey 20 km to a neighbouring village for an 11-hour stone-crushing job.
“We owned a plot of land in the 1990s. However, we had to sell it off in 2012, as we could not cope with the costs of crowing cotton. We hope the new government excuses our debts,” says a careworn Ms. Manjulkar, who still aspires to buy back her plot of land.
Until government proclamations translate into action though, farmers here clutch at straws as the vicious cycle of despair continues unabated.

JSW Steel plans Rs 2000 crore iron ore pipelineThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ghaziabad: 60 feared trapped in buildingcollapseBy: Press Trust of India | Ghaziabad |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:18 pm
An under-construction building on Sunday collapsed in the city with at least 60 people being feared to be trapped under the debris, police said.
The incident took place in Tronica City police station area of the district.
One injured person has been rescued so far and sent to hospital for treatment, Ghaziabad District Magistrate Vimal Kumar Sharma said, adding that the rescue operation was on.

Manchester City crush Southampton 3-0  ascend to 2ndspotBy: Reuters | London |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:15 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 12:58 pm
Champions Manchester City galvanised their pursuit of Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday with an emphatic 3-0 victory over a Southampton side who have surprisingly come between the leading title protagonists.
With table-topping Chelsea held to a 0-0 draw against Sunderland on Saturday, victory for City at fortress St Mary’s took them above Southampton into second place with 27 points from 13 matches, six behind Jose Mourinho’s pace setters.
After a less than convincing start to the attempted defence of their title, City’s display against Southampton saw them back to their free-flowing best as goals from Yaya Toure, Frank Lampard and Gael Clichy condemned Ronald Koeman’s high-flying side to a first home defeat of the season.
“We beat a very good team,” City manager Manuel Pellegrini, speaking to Sky Sports, said. “They were second in the table and deserved that position.
“It was important to have a clean sheet again, they had just one chance in the 90 minutes and that is important for the trust in our team.
“It was close in the first 45 minutes and we continued working as a team in defence and attack until we scored.”
City screamed for a penalty for a foul on Aguero in a goalless first half when Jose Fonte’s hefty challenge wiped the Argentine out in the box. Incredibly Aguero, making his 100th Premier League appearance, was booked for diving.
But Ivorian midfielder Toure, so often City’s go-to man on their way to the title last season, put his side in front after 51 minutes when his low shot from the edge of the area flicked off Saints defender Toby Alderweireld and past Fraser Forster.
When French defender Eliaquim Mangala received a second yellow for a foul on Shane Long it seemed Southampton had a lifeline but that was snatched away when Lampard ghosted through into space and buried his shot low into the corner after being picked out by James Milner.
Clichy hammered the final nail into Southampton’s coffin when he turned the ball home in the 88th minute.
“I’m disappointed because in the second half the beginning was a bit better than the start of the game,” Koeman told Sky Sports after his side dropped to third.
“You know that if you do some mistakes you are punished for that. It was not good enough today and we have to realise that. The difference was the quality.”
Tottenham Hotspur host Everton at White Hart Lane later on Sunday.

Eight airports incur total loss of Rs 82 cr in 3 yrsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Qatar will host 2022 World Cup  says defiant SeppBlatterBy: Reuters | Manila |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:44 pm
A defiant FIFA President Sepp Blatter said there would be no moving the 2022 World Cup from Qatar, despite widespread concerns about the bidding process that took the tournament to the Middle East for the first time.
“2022, it is Qatar, and ladies and gentleman, believe me, with all that has been said around the world by whom? Those not involved with what happens in football. The World Cup in 2022 will be played in Qatar,” the 78-year-old Swiss told Asian Football Confederation members in Manila on Sunday.
The remarks, cheered and applauded loudly by Asian delegates, come as FIFA faces heavy criticism for not publishing a report by ethics investigator Michael Garcia into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Garcia’s findings were summarised in a 42-page statement published by FIFA ethics judge Hans-Joachim Eckert last week, which cleared the two winning bids, but which Garcia himself complained included misrepresentations.
FIFA has said it cannot publish the full report for legal reasons.
Asked if the report should be published in full, the Swiss said: “We are going now to the executive committee meeting with all these matters on the 19th (of December) in Morocco.”
A report in British newspaper The Sunday Times said it had passed on a dossier revealing further allegations of corruption regarding the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids, to a House of Commons committee and which were published on Saturday.
Blatter, however, appeared untroubled by the ongoing saga, taking the opportunity to throw his weight behind the capabilities of the Middle East nations.
“It is the second time we will go to organise the World Cup in Asia. The first was a lovely combination, a co hosting, between Japan and Korea Republic. It was a great success, a big success,” said the Swiss, who is seeking a fifth term as head of FIFA next year.
“But we have the next one. It will be the first time in the Arabic world but there is another competition that I would like to underline, the under 17 women’s tournament in 2016.
“For the first time….we are coming with women’s world cup in 2016 to the kingdom of Jordan. It is the trust and confidence of FIFA towards the Arabic world that they can organise all the competitions.”
Following the announcement, the Qatar Football Association were named winners of the AFC’s Dream Asia Award, a prize given, according to the AFC, to a body who use football as a tool for social change, enlighten the importance of social responsibility and promote the culture of giving.

Brilliant Bruno Pelissari takes Chennaiyin FC to doorstep of ISLsemisBy: Press Trust of India | Kochi |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:36 pm
Brazilian midfielder Bruno Pelissari’s individual brilliance saw Chennaiyin FC edge past Kerala Blasters 1-0 to all but ensure a place in the semi-final of the Indian Super League.
Pelissari’s 87th minute strike ensured Marco Materazzi’s men’s maintain their pole position in the eight-team league table with 22 points from 12 games — six points clear of second placed Atletico de Kolkata.
Blasters still hold onto their fourth place in the table with 15 points from 12 games.
There weren’t too many eye-catching moments but ‘Super-Sub’ Pelissari’s strike just 13 minutes after being introduced into thick of things.
It was corner that Blasters had earned at the other end and one saw Pelissari receive a clearance at the middle third in his own half. It was the start of 50-metre down the middle sprint as rival defenders chased shadows.
He had support on the right but decided to wait as he got the ball to his left-foot and swerving left-footed inswinger crashed into the net as veteran goalkeeper Sandeep Nandy had a puzzled look on his face.
The 61,000 partisan crowd went into pin-drop silence as they simply couldn’t believe what hit them.
The Chennaiyin, who are playing without their talismanic Brazilian Elano Blumer showed that they have solid bench strength as they snatched full points in a difiicult away game.
It couldn’t have been more delightful for team’s co-owner Abhishek Bachchan, who was seen in the VIP box along with his wife Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.
For Blasters, their frontman Iain Hume had the best scoring opportunity immediately after the change of ends when Stephen Pearson and CS Sabeeth combined well to execute a defence splitting through.
With Chennaiyin’s French goalie Gennaro Bracigliano coming out of his charge, Hume’s placement in haste was off target.
Blasters also received a setback when their skipper-cum-manager David James pulled a hamstring and was replaced by Nandy as early as 20th minute of the match.

Indian Aces make it 3/3 inIPTLBy: Press Trust of India | Manila |
Posted: November 30, 2014 10:27 pm | Updated: November 30, 2014 10:45 pm
Indian Aces notched up their third win on the trot with a 28-20 victory over UAE Royals in the battle of two unbeaten sides in an India Premier Tennis League match.
After today’s win, Indian Aces topped the table after the Manila leg to emerge early front-runner in the high-profile tournament.
The Indian side, however, began with a loss with Ana Ivanovic going down fighting 4-6 in the Kristina Mladenovic in the first women’s singles. The battle of the in-form women’s singles players was a thrilling contest with Ivanovic almost making a sensational comeback from 1-5 down before eventually losing the match.
Experienced mixed doubles pair Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna registered a 6-3 second set win over Mladenovic and Nenad Zimonjic and Indian Aces took the advantage with Bopanna partnering the crowd favorite Gael Monfils to a 6-4 victory over Zimonjic and Marin Cilic in men’s doubles.
An injury pulled Cilic out from early in the set against Monfils, but Malek Jaziri was a more than capable substitute.
However, the creative Frenchman Monfils pulled off a 6-3 win to extend the Indian side’s lead.
The past champions’ singles was the main event worth waiting for, with big serves and entertaining shot-making from Goran Ivanisevic and Fabrice Santoro. Frenchman Santoro emerged 6-4 winner over Ivanisevic to complete the dominance by Indian Aces.
Monfils was later all praise for the kind of tennis being played in the tournament.
“I love this format. This suits me well. I love the team atmosphere. We have fun out there. Actually we’re good friends – Ana, Sania – we grew up together. It’s a good competition because we have fun,” he said. Monfils also commented on the use of a coach’s substitution.
“I was surprised with the substitution (of Cilic). Malek is tough but I think I was in great shape. I’m happy to win for my team. After three wins, I feel great, I feel strong.” Bopanna added, “We’re having a lot of fun and keeping each other motivated.”
Player coach Santoro said he enjoyed his time in Manila. “I will remember the hospitality and how many people love tennis here and are happy to see the best champions in the world and if you ask the crowd they’ll want to have this back again next year.”
In the second match of the day, home team Manila Mavericks withstood an inspired Serena Williams to beat Singapore Slammers 27-19 before adoring fans.
Mark Philippoussis was drafted in as a substitute due to Carlos Moya’s injury and he proved the right choice by entertaining the home crowd with brilliant tennis, taking the first set against Patrick Rafter 6-2.
Mavericks’ player-coach Treat Huey and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga whipped the audience into a frenzy in their 6-5 win over the in-form Singapore doubles pair of Nick Kyrgios and Tomas Berdych. Kyrgios was substituted mid-set for Lleyton Hewitt.
The crowd called out its admiration for a living legend of the sport as Serena Williams continued…

Rishikesh: Women leaders to work for better hygiene15
1
Rishikesh: Women leaders from different religions, countries and groups came together on the banks of the Ganga on Sunday to commit themselves to better water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) practices.
The Women for WASH Summit at Parmarth Niketan was part of the first global mega event organised by the Global Interfaith WASH Alliance (GIWA) with technical support from Unicef.
Over 100 women leaders from India, Britain, the US, Europe and Indonesia took part in the first meeting of women faith leaders on WASH, an issue that is of vital and immediate concern to women and children.
Kiranjot Kaur from Amritsar said religion was a very important part of women's lives. So were sanitation, water and hygiene.
#hygiene #women leaders #sanitation #rishikesh
The summit saw the presence of some renowned faith leaders from Hinduism, Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Jainism, Sikhism and Buddhism.
Sue Coates from Britain, the WASH chief at Unicef India, said it was high time women looked at the critical role they play and can play in water, sanitation and hygiene issues.
She outlined the immense misery millions of girls and women in India have to go through every day because there were no toilets for them at homes and communities.
Sadhvi Bhagawati Saraswati, secretary general of the Global Interfaith WASH Alliance (GIWA), said 1,200 children under the age of five die daily in India because of polluted water, poor sanitation and health facilities as well as social behaviour.
Kiranjot Kaur from Amritsar said religion was a very important part of women's lives. So were sanitation, water and hygiene.
6

Welfare measures for armed forces to be fast-tracked: Manohar Parrikar36
0
Panaji: Concerned over nearly 450 suicide cases reported in the armed forces in the last three years, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday said reasons for this are being investigated and that welfare measures for personnel will be fast-tracked.
"This is a man management issue which needs to be resolved in different ways, including counselling, quick redressal mechanism and more tribunals to hear the cases," he told reporters here.
Welfare measures for the defence personnel will be implemented at a fast pace to ensure that suicides are completely stopped, he said.
The Defence Minister said he has asked officials to go into the reasons behind the suicides.
#goa #panaji #manohar parrikar #suicide
The Defence Minister said he has asked officials to go into the reasons behind the suicides.
According to official figures, there have been 449 cases of suicides reported in the armed forces since 2011.
Isolation and living away from families are among the reasons that spark suicides, he said adding that all welfare measures would be in place in a time-bound manner.
A total of 99 suicide cases have been reported from the armed forces this year alone besides three cases of fratricide.
Army reported the highest number suicides with 76 cases this year followed by Air Force with 23. While Army reported two cases of fratricide this year, Air Force witnessed one such incident.
The Army, which the is the largest of the three Services, has topped the list of suicide cases since 2011 though the number has come down.
While there were 105 cases of suicides recorded by Army in 2011, it came down to 95 in 2012 and 86 in 2013.
Parrikar had earlier told Parliament that among the reasons for such incidents were "occupational hazards (long tenures of continuous deployment) family issues, domestic problems, marital discord, perceived grievances, personal issues, mental built, financial problems and inability to withstand stress."
Some of the measures taken by the government to prevent such incidents include improvement in living and working conditions, additional family accommodation, liberalised leave policy, provision of psychological counseling and conduct of yoga and meditation as part of unit routine, he said.
The issues like family accommodation for married personnel should be sorted out quickly, he said.
"In Goa Naval area, there are 700-800 quarters which are being constructed for married couples. The work is going on at a slow pace. I will be holding review of such projects across the country," Parrikar said.
He said eight minesweeper naval vessels will be built by Goa Shipyard Limited with maximum indigenous technology under the 'Make in India' campaign.
"In principle it has been decided that the work for constructing eight minesweepers would be awarded to Goa Shipyard Limited. This would be under 'Make in India' campaign," he said.
9

Many injured as factory set ablaze near Gurgaon6
0
Gurgaon: Around a dozen people were on Sunday injured in a clash during which an irate mob set ablaze a number of vehicles and a factory manufacturing auto parts near Gurgaon, following the mysterious death of a worker, police said.
The clash took place in Rozka Meo industrial area, some 35 km from Gurgaon.
A number of vehicles were vandalised and set afire after a worker of the High Line Auto company was on Sunday found hanging from a tree near the factory.
Vehicles were vandalised and set afire after a worker of the High Line Auto company was found hanging from a tree near the factory.
#gurgaon #factory fire #high line auto company #suicide
Haneef was found hanging in a park. Police said he may have committed suicide, though no suicide note was found.
His father Mazeed, however, alleged that his son was hung after he died while working in the factory.
"Haneef went to the factory on Saturday morning and did not return home," he said.
On Sunday morning, hundreds of people broke down the main gate of the factory and entered the premises. They took diesel from the factory and set afire various units. They also pelted stones at police and company workers, a police officer told reporters.
Nearly a dozen people, including policemen, were injured.
Police reinforcements from Gurgaon were rushed in to quell the violence. Mewat Deputy Commissioner Ashok Sangwan and Senior Superintendent of Police Balwan Singh Rana also reached the spot.
The situation was now tense but under control, an administrative officer said.
Haneef's body was later sent for autopsy.
13

Militants gun down NC sarpanch in SouthKashmirBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: November 30, 2014 11:21 pm | Updated: December 1, 2014 3:44 pm
In an audacious attack, militants shot dead sarpanch of the ruling National Conference on Sunday night in Shopian district of Kashmir near his residence.
Mohammad Sultan Bhat was in his car when, about 500 metres from his residence in Nazneenpora in Shopian when the ultras stopped his vehicle and pumped bullets at him from close range at around 9.30 pm, police said.
The EC code forbids me from any engagement with the security forces so the EC is now responsible for plugging any loopholes 2/2
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) November 30, 2014
Bhat died on the spot while the assailants managed to escape, it said.
Tomorrow my party will formally request the ECI to review security in this area. We are concerned about gaps in the security grid 1/2
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) November 30, 2014
Extending condolences to the sarpanch’s family, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said Bhat’s death “will only spur us on to remain steadfast and committed to our mission of a peaceful, prosperous new Jammu & Kashmir.”
 
Mohd Sultan Bhat, a Sarpanch belonging to my party has been shot & killed by militants outside his home in Shopian earlier this evening. 1/n
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) November 30, 2014
“He joins the many hundreds of NC cadre killed for their political beliefs,” Omar tweeted.
My heartfelt condolences to his family & loved ones. He joins the many hundreds of NC cadre killed for their political beliefs 2/n
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) November 30, 2014
Omar said the National Conference will tomorrow formally request the Election Commission to review security in this area. “We are concerned about gaps in the security grid,” he said.
Bhat Sahib’s death will only spur us on to remain steadfast & committed to our mission of a peaceful, prosperous naya Jammu & Kashmir 3/3
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) November 30, 2014
“The EC code forbids me from any engagement with the security forces so the EC is now responsible for plugging any loopholes,” he said. The killing comes a day after a grenade attack in Srinagar in which eight people were injured.
Tomorrow my party will formally request the ECI to review security in this area. We are concerned about gaps in the security grid 1/2
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) November 30, 2014
On November 28, ten people had lost their lives in militant attack in Arnia sector, while yesterday militants had also triggered a blast targeting an army vehicle near LoC in Poonch, but the troops escaped unhurt.

Indian Oil Corporation eyes West coast for new refinery projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Imran Khan threatens to "shut down" Pakistan by December 16Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Protester killed in demo for south Yemen independenceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The profitability and same-store-sales of this company have convinced ...Silver Member
6 Followers
The profitability and same-store-sales of this company have convinced me that it is not a scrip to be bought into. But, I do realise that there is intense speculative interests and trades in this scrip leading to sharp spikes (upwards) in the stock prices. My strategy in this scrip is wait for the price to rise sharply to the point of fatigue, and at that point I go short in good volume and book profit on fall. Presently, I am waiting for it to approach 1600. However, I shall NEVER go long on this scrip even though I know that market operations will be driving the price higher.
12.02 AM Dec 1st  | Track

Dear tilakji(smartian)  mm forging boarders are really privileged to h...4138 Followers
Dear Boarders,
MM Forgings is found to be enjoying sound fundamentals and would be awarding the stake holders in a decent manner. One must park some funds into this stock for short to med term.
Tilak

Considering the way ashok leyland`s business turnaround has been execu...Silver Member
6 Followers
Considering the way Ashok Leyland`s business turnaround has been executed, and the overall future outlook for the company, it is clearly a scrip to be bought into on every dip. I will be going long on every dip in the stock price. I will also be booking profits on every sharp rise until such time as the secular uptrend sets in at which I will hold it for2-3 years to harvest the big gains.
11.57 PM Nov 30th  | Track

