India s Best CEOs 2014Business Today-PricewaterhouseCoopers pick the best CEOs for 2014. Brace up to meet these successful chief executives and some unforgettable personalities.
PHOTO: BT Photo

Be paranoid to stay at top: N ChandrasekaranGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 09:08 IST
TCS CEO and MD N Chandrasekaran. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
How did Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's largest IT services exporter, become the company it is today? The well-oiled engine of the company continued to chug even during the global meltdown of 2008/2009, after the collapse of Lehman Brothers. N Chandrasekaran, CEO and MD of TCS, shared the secret sauce at the opening of Business Today's MindRush 2014, an annual conclave of business leaders.
It turns out the $13.4 billion company did what, conventionally, businesses don't. During good times, businesses press the growth accelerator, decentralize, and continue to grow even at the cost of inefficiency. Efficiency is driven during bad times.
TCS , Chandrasekaran said, decentralized the company aggressively even during 2008/2009 - the company was split into many smaller business units. The management travelled around the globe, interacting more with customers.
"Third, the tablet revolution was taking shape. We identified five technologies and invested in them, adopted them," the CEO said. 
FULL COVERAGE: MindRush 2014
Finally, the company edged on its 200,000 employees to aspire more and realize their potential - make a difference to somebody else. Who better to inspire them than the CEO himself whose personal story is inspiring - Chandrasekaran turned to software after growing bananas, rice and sugarcane on his father's farm.
After his talk, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Purie asked Chandrasekaran how he planned to stay on top. What about the future? "You got to be paranoid," Chandra replied.  "There is a culture of entitlement versus the culture of performance. We believe in the culture of performance. Nobody takes anything for granted." 

St. Louis Bar Disavows Rams Over Players  Ferguson Protestreddit
A St. Louis sports bar disavowed the Rams after five football players thrust their hands in the air in solidarity with protesters outraged over the shooting death of Michael Brown.
In a post on its Facebook page on Monday, Time Out Sports Bar & Grill , a beer and burger joint in the city’s Tower Grove South neighborhood, said it would strip its walls and happy hour signs of all St. Louis Rams memorabilia. It also urged customers to “stand up to thugs who destroy our community,” a reference to the violent protests that followed a grand jury’s decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson with a crime related to shooting Brown, an unarmed black teenager, dead this past August.
In a later post , the bar announced its new allegiance to the Kansas City Chiefs.
Under fire from some commenters, Time Out later posted a third update defending freedom of speech. It claimed it was not taking sides in the Ferguson debate, but disagreed with "bringing the protest to a nationwide professional sporting event."
Fives Rams players on Sunday made the gesture associated with the protest chant “hands up, don’t shoot” -- a reference to what some believe Brown said before he was fatally shot during an altercation with Wilson, who resigned last week.
The bar's initial post inspired a flurry of comments -- some in support of the move, others calling for a boycott in response to the change. On Yelp, reviews of a similar tone poured in from users in St. Louis and other cities.
Time Out did not respond to repeated calls from The Huffington Post requesting comment.
More:

Report Finds The Boss Often Knows When A Company Bribes A Public OfficialThe Boss Often Knows When A Company Bribes A Public Official, Report Finds
Reuters
reddit
By Belinda Goldsmith
PARIS, Dec 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Company bosses  are often aware that bribes are paid to public officials in  foreign countries to win contracts and to cut through red tape,  according to the OECD's first Foreign Bribery report released on  Tuesday.
The report by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and  Development found corporate management was in the loop in over  half of 427 enforcement actions taken since its Anti-Bribery  Convention came into effect 15 years ago.
Its analysis of these actions found in 41 percent of cases  management-level staff knew bribes were being paid and company  chief executives were involved in 12 percent of cases.
Patrick Moulette, head of the OECD's anti-corruption  division, said he hoped the report would shed light on where  more effort could be made to end corruption as campaigners had  been fighting in the dark to tackle this complex, covert crime.
"Most of the time the bribes are made with the knowledge of  senior management which is surprising because in most cases of  international bribery sanctions are imposed on second row   employees," Moulette told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
"We need to get away from the idea that if you want to do  business in foreign countries then you have to give bribes."
The report also questioned the notion that bribes were  mostly paid to public officials in poor nations, finding that  almost half of the cases, or 43 percent, involved bribery of  officials in developed or highly developed countries.
But Moulette said more work was needed to check this trend  as detection rates in developed countries could be higher due to  stronger legislation to tackle corruption that erodes trust in  governments, businesses, and markets, and undermines growth.
BRIBES FOR PUBLIC CONTRACTS
He said the aim of the Foreign Bribery report was to raise  awareness about the nature of the crime and to identify areas  for further analysis and policy recommendations for the future.
Foreign bribery was defined as offering, promising or giving  any undue financial or other advantage, directly or through  intermediaries, to a foreign public official to obtain or keep  business or for improper advantage in any other business.
Analysis of the 427 cases found nearly six out of 10 - or 57  percent - involved bribes to win public sector tenders with 12  percent paid to clear custom procedures.
Two-thirds of the cases were in four sectors: extractive,  construction, transportation and storage, and information and  communication.
Intermediaries, such as local sales and marketing agents,  distributors and brokers, had a role in three-quarters of cases.
When it came to detection, one in three cases came to light  after being reported by the companies involved or individuals,  with nearly one third of companies, of 31 percent, raising the  alarm after finding evidence of bribery in an internal audit.
The second most common way of uncovering foreign bribery was  via law enforcement agencies such as the police or customs  officers. Media investigations initiated action in 5 percent of  the cases and whistleblowers led to 2 percent of cases.
In total 80 people received jail sentences in the 427 cases  after being found guilty of foreign bribery, while fines were  imposed on 261 individuals and companies, totalling 1.8 billion  euros ($2.25 billion).
($1 = 0.8006 euros)
(Editing by Ros Russell)
More:

From the Editor: December 7  2014Story
From the Editor
Business Today Editor Prosenjit Datta discusses India's Best CEOs for 2014 and tells you why you must buy the new magazine issue.
Prosenjit Datta        Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Business Today Editor Prosenjit Datta (BT Photo)
While the job description of the CEO of a company has probably not changed since the time the position was created, it is also true that the number of issues that a modern CEO needs to deal with, and the kind of challenges he faces are vastly different from those of his predecessors of a few decades ago. This is particularly true for Indian CEOs as the Indian business environment has undergone a sea change in the past two-and-a-half decades.
Twenty five years ago, the biggest challenge for many Indian CEOs involved dealing with the government at every step of the way, and abiding by the hundreds of often irrational and difficult regulations that were in the rule book. A closed economy and a government that meddled in every industry meant fewer chances of global scale, difficulties in procuring technology and raw materials from abroad, and trying to figure out how to comply with the hundreds of excise, customs, and direct tax clauses that regulated their business apart from antiquated labour laws and other such laws at central, state and district levels. On the other hand, a closed economy also conferred some advantages - and low competition was one of them. A company in many industries would need to deal with one or two or at most three competitors in their product categories.
Business Today December 21, 2014 issue
Many irrational laws still remain, but many others have thankfully become much simpler. The ease of doing business in India - while still abysmal by global standards - is a vast improvement over what it was two decades ago. On the other hand, hyper-competition has become the order of the day. It is not unusual for firms in most sectors to face two or three dozen formidable competitors, both of domestic origin as well as multinationals attracted by the potential of the Indian market. This means that the last man standing can be the only one who goes on to build a viable business. Then there is true globalisation - in the sense that Indian firms are competing in India and global markets on equal terms with multinationals from both the West and the East. There are rapid changes in technology to be dealt with, far more complex financial markets, and a far greater scrutiny on corporate governance standards.
And finally, there are far greater pressures from the equity markets, which have both provided a lot of capital to the Indian industry and also set high expectations of growth and profits from listed companies. Twenty years ago, few Indian CEOs needed to explain quarterly numbers to analysts and investors in as great a detail as they need to now.
One thing that remains constant, though, is that the best CEOs know how to steer their companies through good times and bad - and to thrive despite difficulties in the external environment. And the external environment - both domestic and global - has been particularly nasty in the past several years.
Three years ago, we initiated an exercise to figure out who India's best CEOs are. It has become an annual exercise and we have refined the methodology considerably based on feedback of the first two years. It is a two-step, rigorous process that we follow, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative performance. The quantitative measures are largely financial, taking into account sales and profit growth, capital efficiency and other such parameters. The qualitative inputs seek to identify the other initiatives that the CEO has taken, which are likely to benefit the company in the medium to long term.
Finally, an eminent panel of jurors discussed the candidates to pick the best. This year's jurors - Kalpana Morparia, CEO, JP Morgan India; Rama Bijapurkar, eminent strategy consultant; Ashish Nanda, Director of IIM Ahmedabad; Surjit Bhalla, Managing Director of Oxus Research; and Gagan Rai, MD of NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure - had a long and spirited debate while selecting the winners.
This issue is a celebration of India's corporate leadership, and I hope you will enjoy reading it.

Sahara sells Rs 1 211-cr Gurgaon land to M3MSahara sells Rs 1,211-crore Gurgaon land to M3M to raise funds for Subrata Roy's release
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 13:38 IST
Sahara Founder & Chairman Subrata Roy. (Photo: Reuters)
Sahara has sold a big land parcel in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore to M3M India, in a bid to raise funds to ensure the release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy.
The 185-acre land, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for 'mix-use development' and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, Gurgaon-based developer M3M India said on Thursday while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal asserted that it was not a 'distress sale' by Sahara and the deal has been signed on the basis of market price.
Bansal further said that the entire amount would be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara Group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties , which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the apex court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The SC bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to the Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the apex court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of capital market regulator Sebi.
Sahara Founder & Chairman Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4, 2014, in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail. Of the bail amount, Rs 5,000 crore is to be paid in cash and the remaining amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with Sebi, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.

Sensex ends 120 pts higher  Nifty hits new peakMarket Update: Sensex ends 120 pts higher, Nifty hits new peak of 8,564.40
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive.
Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC , the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened on Thursday on a strong footing.
It quickly soared to day's high of 28,808.78.
However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent.
Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1. Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore on Wednesday. Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank , Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks.
The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose.
Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures, said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.

Britannia is a lot more competitive today  says MD Varun BerryAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 09:17 IST
Britannia MD  Varun Berry (Photo: Reuters)
The mood of the Britannia Industries team is upbeat. The senior management says that the team has never been so energetic and fiercely competitive as it has been in the last couple of years since Varun Berry has taken over the reins of the company. The energy is also visible in the company's recently announced September quarter results. Its consolidated net profits have nearly tripled from what it was a year back, to Rs 270 crore. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Britannia MD, Varun Berry, says that the biggest learning that he has brought on to the table of Britannia from his former employer Pepsico, is competitiveness. "The big change that I brought in is strands of competitiveness and my strength really is people. I have an inherent advantage when it comes to people, my judgment somehow is right and that went my way." Edited excerpts.
   
Q- Britannia has had an impressive growth in past few quarters after you took over first as COO and now MD. What's the secret behind this success?
A- The secret is basically getting the building blocks in place, strengthening infrastructure, distribution, putting the right people in the right place and also bringing in a culture of competitiveness.
Britannia is a lot more competitive today as an organisation. If you remember, my previous company, Pepsico, was a hugely competitive organization.
I have tried to replicate that spirit by creating a passionate team of people doing the right things, that's basically the difference. I haven't necessarily created an entirely new team, but I made changes in the team.
For example, our current Marketing Head, Ali Harris, used to be handling one category, now he is the head of marketing. Similarly, Manjunath Desai, used to be handling marketing insights, he is now the head of strategy and business development.
The trick was to figure out who has got the potential to work the way a company like Britannia should in terms of creating that passion and hard work.
Half the people were promoted from within, and some were hired to get an outside perspective. We hired Hemant Rupani from Vodafone, he is our head of sales.
 
Q- What was that one thing that you thought was lacking when you took over the reins?
A- The biggest challenge was the spirit of competitiveness. I don't think there was anything wrong. It was just creating the spirit of competitiveness which everyone likes. It was a subdued requirement in everyone's mind. Now that the infrastructure and the foundation are strong, we are doing all our innovations, because you can build only on a strong foundation. If you try to build on a slightly weaker foundation, you will trip.
 
If you notice, we haven't done any new brand launches in the last few years. We wanted to get things in place before we wanted to build on it, else we wouldn't get anywhere. Now we know that we are in a much better position to do anything new.
 
Q- While you were busy streamlining your business, competition was on a product launching spree. Didn't that bother you?
A- I was quite happy with what we were doing. I was clear that we needed to get the foundation in place before we did anything which was extraordinary. We were not putting any pressure on ourselves. Now, you will see lot of innovations coming from Britannia .
Q- You talked about focusing with great detail on strengthening distribution, can you elaborate on your distribution strategy?
A- We set two targets within distribution - one was the quality of distribution which was making sure that we get more SKUs (stock-keeping units) of more brands into the outlets we were available in.
We then looked at an initiative which was about making sure that we had the right human intervention to be able to get more brands, more SKUs into the outlets.
Salesman were going to the outlets and trying to sell 250 SKUs, and we are not going to get anywhere with that. So, we got two salesmen to go to the same outlet and we did it in a way in which the costs didn't go up dramatically.
That gave us very good dividends as far as getting more SKUs and getting more depth in the outlets was concerned.
The second was width. We identified the States we were weak in. We were weak in the Hindi speaking States, so we decided to go hard after those States.
We identified rural as a weakness in certain States and we did some initiatives in rural distribution, making sure we got good coverage. We built depth in urban and width in rural. That gave us very good returns.
Q- You must have invested a significant amount in order to strengthen you distribution muscle?
A- It was more hardwork than investment. It was about doing the right things in the market. The big difference was the hard work and processes.
 
Q- Britannia in the past has tried its hands in snacks, oats and ready-to-eat foods, which didn't work. What were the learnings?
 
A- The learning was that you can't go wrong with the logistics, also make sure we do enough research before we do the launch.
For instance, we import oats from Perth, they land at Chennai port, our factory was in Punjab and they traveled all the way by road, they got packed there and the demand centre was South, and it had to come all the way back to sell. It doesn't work.
I think the thoughts were right, but you also need to get the supply chain, the logistics right. When you do it the first time you can always walk out, once you have got those learnings, you always have the advantage of hindsight.
 
Q- Would you consider re-entering these categories at some point?
A- Not at this stage. We are in the process of writing a strategic plan which should be ready by the end of the first quarter. Post that we will take a call on which are adjacent categories we should play in.
Q- How do you plan to take the dairy business forward?
A- Dairy is becoming competitive, its part of our strategic plan, where we will figure out how we are going to play this game.

Govt to push G20 for deadline to cut remittance costGovt to push G20 to set 2-year deadline to cut remittance cost
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 19:07 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government will press the G-20 or Group of 20 economies to set a two-year deadline to reduce the cost of international money transfers, two government sources said, potentially saving more than US $20 billion for developing countries.
In November, the world's largest recipient of remittances - of about US $70 billion a year - won the backing of G20 leaders in Brisbane to take "strong practical measures" to cut the average cost of sending money home to 5 per cent.
In 2011, G20 members agreed to bring down the global average cost of remittances to 5 per cent by 2014, but that deadline has been missed.
The cost of remittances from G20 countries has fallen to 8.3 per cent from 9.1 per cent in 2011, the World Bank estimates. That has saved nearly US $30 billion for migrant families since 2010, it said in a report to the G20.
Despite that pledge, big banks are pulling out of handling remittances over rising compliance costs. In one case, 20 remittance firms sued Australia's Westpac Banking Corp (WBC) to stop it from quitting the business.
"We will demand a deadline of two years at the next G20 meeting ," one of the sources, with direct knowledge of the matter, told Reuters.
The official is part of an Indian delegation that plans to attend a meeting of G20 deputy central bank governors in Istanbul on December 11-12. Turkey has just taken over the annual presidency of the G20, an inter-governmental forum.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who attended November's G20 summit , is pushing for Indians to save about US $3 billion a year, partly helping bridge its current account deficit, the official said.
"The money belongs to poor families of developing countries and cannot be taken away in the name of transaction fees," said another official.
Several domestic banks have brought down costs by up to 30 per cent by offering services that allow Indian migrants in the United States and Britain to send money directly from their bank account or credit card to recipients in the country.
Saudi Arabia has reduced remittance costs to near 3 per cent, and the government is hopeful that other G20 countries would agree to set a deadline to reduce the costs.
The government estimates that about 22 million Indians live abroad, with large communities in the Middle East, the US and Britain.
(Reuters)

BSE to move 38 stocks  NSE 4 scrips to restricted groupBSE to move 38 stocks, NSE 4 scrips to restricted group
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 09:29 IST
Photo: Reuters
Premier stock exchanges Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE)on Thursday decided to shift securities of several companies to the restricted trading segment from December 9 with a view to safeguard the interest of investors in capital markets.
BSE said it would be shifting as many as 38 scrips to the trade-for-trade or the 'T' group segment, while the National Stock Exchange (NSE) has decided to move 4 stocks to this category, the bourses said in separate notices.
The stocks to be moved to the the 'T' group on both the bourses are Ausom Enterprise, Dynacons Systems & Solutions and Southern Ispat And Energy.
Under the trade-for-trade segment no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
"The move is part of surveillance review and with a view to ensure market safety and safeguard the interest of investors", the exchanges said.
"Members are requested to take adequate precaution while trading in the above securities, as the settlement will be done on trade-to-trade basis and no netting off will be allowed", they added.
Further, it said that the transfer of security for trading and settlement on a trade-to-trade basis is purely on account of market surveillance and it should not be construed as an adverse action against the concerned company.
These stocks would attract a price band of 5 per cent which would be the maximum permissible limit within which the share price can move.
Meanwhile, BSE said it would move securities of 43 companies to the normal segment from the 'T' group with effect from December 9.
Similarly, NSE also would shift securities of four firms to the normal segment.
Dynacons Technologies, Integra Garments and Textiles, Lyka Labs and Panasonic Appliances India Company are some of the firms which would be transferred to the normal trading segment on both the stock exchanges.

Nearly 15 residents of Amritsar lost their eye sight permanently after being operated in a campWritten by Anju Agnihotri Chaba | Amritsar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:22 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:58 am
At least 15 people, all residents of Gago Mahal village in Amritsar district, are reported to have lost their eyesight after they were operated upon at an eye camp held in Ghuman village, in Gurdaspur, last month.
Officials said a total of 62 people underwent cataract surgeries at the camp, organised by NGO Guru Nanak Charitable Trust, on November 5-16. The remaining patients were from Gurdaspur. While there were reports that the others too had lost their eyesight, Gurdaspur Deputy Commissioner Abhinav Trikha said they had not received any complaints so far.
Confirming the incident, Amritsar Civil Surgeon Dr Rajiv Bhalla said the villagers had lost their vision completely. They have been admitted to the Government Medical College here.
The matter came to light on Thursday when the 15 people from Amritsar approached Deputy Commissioner Ravi Bhagat to lodge a complaint against the NGO and the doctors at the camp. Bhagat has ordered a probe to identify the doctors, and directed that criminal cases be lodged against them and the NGO.
Dr Bhalla said the surgeries were carried out “under unhygienic conditions”. He claimed that the NGO had not obtained the mandatory permissions from the district administration and Civil Surgeons of Gurdaspur and Amritsar districts for the camp.

WHO LOSES WHEN OIL PRICES PLUMMET
Coke Is Going To Try And Sell You Milkreddit
Soda sales are falling, so Coca-Cola is getting ready to sell us a new drink. You may have heard of it. It's called milk. It comes from cows.
Coke's new milk isn't just plain old white stuff, though. Called FairLife, the new drink is marketed as "premium" milk with 50 percent more protein, 30 percent more calcium, half the sugar of typical milk -- and a higher price tag.
“We’ll charge twice as much for it as the milk we're used to buying in a jug,” the president of Coca-Cola North America told analysts at a Morgan Stanley conference last week. “It's basically the premiumisation of milk," Coke's Sandy Douglas said, according to a transcript from the event.
Douglas compared the milk to Coke's high-end juice brand, Simply. If the new milk does as well as Simply, in a few years it will "rain money," he said.
So far, Fairlife is only sold in test markets. The soda giant plans to launch it nationally in the U.S. in 2015, according to a statement from a Coca-Cola spokeswoman. The enhanced milk is a joint venture between Coke and Select Milk Producers dairy co-op, a collective of large dairy producers.
The dairy industry needs this to work. American milk consumption is declining, along with soft drink sales, as Americans increasingly swap cereal and milk for breakfast bars and fast food breakfast sandwiches. Retail sales of milk dropped 3 percent in 2014 after falling 2 percent the year before, according to data from Euromonitor. Competition from non-dairy milk alternatives, protein drinks and ready-to-drink teas may make it difficult for the milk industry to reverse the trend.
Fairlife hits on a couple of food fads that may help it succeed. The drink offers more protein than traditional milk. And protein is having a moment , thanks largely to cross-fit enthusiasts and paleo dieters. Companies increasingly have been using claims of high protein to sell everything from jerky to cereal .
People also seem to love milk alternatives and are often willing to pay a little bit more for them. Soy milk and almond milk revenues are expected to grow by 7.1 percent annually over the next four years, to $1.4 billion, according to data from IBISWorld, a research firm.
Fairlife contains dairy, but the fact that “there is something special about the product” makes shoppers think of it a bit differently than “the basic private-label milk that people buy in supermarkets,” said John Sicher, the editor of Beverage Digest, an industry newsletter.
An ad for Fairlife.
Turning a staple drink into a premium beverage to justify a higher price isn't a new strategy. The alcohol industry does it with Grey Goose vodka, Patron tequila and Tanqueray gin.
Water is probably the best example. Once just something that you got from the tap or even, gasp, a well in the ground,  water was a more than $11 billion industry in 2011 , according to the International Bottled Water Association. In addition to fancy water like Fiji and Voss, there are now sommeliers and websites dedicated to helping shoppers find the most luxurious types of water . Coke is in the water business as well with Dasani, which contains filtered tap water and trace amounts of minerals.
For Coke, premium milk is part of a broader push to diversify as Americans tire of soda. Rival Pepsi, which owns Frito-Lay, has already done this. Coke's biggest competitor is pushing into dairy as well, with a yogurt brand sold in stores nationwide .
Earlier this year, Coke capitalized on the rising popularity of energy drinks by buying a 17 percent stake in Monster . Coke also will offer its brands in Keurig’s single-serve cold brew machines next year. Honest Tea is the first Coke brand Keurig users will be able to brew in single-serve form.
Injecting some new life into Coke’s business is paramount. The company reported a 14 percent drop in profit last quarter and announced a cost-cutting program aimed at reducing expenses by $3 billion a year by 2019.
The soda giant also reported a 1 percent decline in carbonated drink volume in North America and it’s “very unlikely” it will see much growth in the U.S. soda business in the future, said Howard Telford, a beverage analyst at Euromonitor International, a market research firm. Shoppers, increasingly aware of high levels of sugar in soda, are opting for other drinks.
Americans will drink way less soda over the next several years, according to this chart from IBISWorld.
More:

Ex-UPS Worker s Pregnancy Discrimination Case Is Going To The Supreme CourtEx-UPS Worker's Pregnancy Discrimination Case Is Going To The Supreme Court
 |  By                                                                      MARK SHERMAN
Updated:
12/01/2014  8:59 am EST
This Nov. 14, 2014, photo, shows Peggy Young, of Lorton, Va., with her daughter Triniti, 7, in Washington. Peggy Young has only to look at her 7-year-old younger daughter to be reminded how long she has been fighting with United Parcel Service over its treatment of pregnant employees, and why. Young was pregnant when the company told her she could not have a temporary assignment to avoid lifting heavy packages, as her doctor ordered. She sued UPS for discriminating against pregnant women and, af | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Peggy Young only has to look at her younger daughter to be reminded how long she has fought United Parcel Service over its treatment of pregnant employees, and why.
Young was pregnant with Triniti, who's now 7 years old, when UPS told Young that she could not have a temporary assignment to avoid lifting heavy packages, as her doctor had ordered.
"They told me basically to go home and come back when I was no longer pregnant," Young said in an interview with The Associated Press. "I couldn't believe it."
She sued the Atlanta-based package-delivery company for discriminating against pregnant women. She lost two rounds in lower courts, but the Supreme Court will hear her case Wednesday.
The 42-year-old Young, who lives in Lorton, Virginia, said her persistence is not only for herself. "I am fighting for my two daughters and I'm fighting for women who want to start a family and provide for the family at the same time," she said.
UPS spokeswoman Kara Gerhardt Ross said the law is on the company's side. "UPS did not intentionally discriminate," Ross said.
The outcome could have wide-ranging effects.
Three-quarters of women entering the workforce today will become pregnant at least once while employed, and many will work throughout their pregnancies, employment discrimination expert Katherine Kimpel wrote in a court brief. Some will experience complications or physical effects that cause them to ask their employers for a change of duties or other modifications, Kimpel said.
Young's case hinges on the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, a law that Congress passed in 1978 specifically to include discrimination against pregnant women as a violation of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Congress acted after the Supreme Court, then composed entirely of men, said workplace rules that excluded pregnant workers from disability benefits and insurance coverage did not amount to sex discrimination under the landmark civil rights law.
The question in Young's case is whether UPS violated the law through its policy of providing temporary light-duty work only to employees who had on-the-job injuries, were disabled under federal law or lost their federal driver certification. "If you were painting your house and fell off a ladder, or if you had a ski accident, that wouldn't qualify for restricted light duty. That's where pregnancy fell at that time. It was not covered in any state law except California's," Ross said.
UPS also notes in its court filings that the Postal Service, an independent agency that receives no tax dollars but is subject to congressional control, maintains an identical policy when it comes to pregnant workers. The Postal Service declined comment.
The Obama administration and 120 congressional Democrats are supporting Young. The reason for the work limitation is less important than the company's decision to distinguish between pregnant and nonpregnant workers with similar restrictions on the work they can do, Young and the administration told the court.
An unusual array of liberal, conservative, labor and women's interest groups also has lined up behind Young. The pregnancy discrimination law "protects the unborn child as well as the working mother who faces economic and other difficulties in bearing and raising the child," lawyer Carrie Severino wrote on behalf of anti-abortion organizations.
UPS employed Young as a part-time driver whose main job was to deliver overnight letters by 8:30 a.m. UPS requires people in those jobs to be able to lift packages as heavy as 70 pounds. Young said she rarely handled anything over 20 pounds and dealt almost exclusively with letters that sat on the passenger seat of her van.
In 2006, Young, then in her mid-30s, took a leave of absence to undergo in vitro fertilization in her desire to have a third child. On the third try, she became pregnant.
Young wanted to return to work, and her doctor and a midwife wrote notes saying she should not lift packages heavier than 20 pounds.
But UPS told Young she could not continue in her job and did not qualify for a temporary assignment.
Unable to work, Young also lost her medical and pension benefits, although she was covered under husband's health insurance. "The benefits were good and benefits were hard to find with part-time jobs," she said.
Young eventually returned to UPS, but left in 2009, a year after she sued. She argued that because UPS made accommodations for nonpregnant employees with work restrictions, it should have done the same for her.
But lower courts dismissed the suit, agreeing that Young did not prove UPS discriminated against her because of her pregnancy.
The justices agreed in July to review the case. Since then, there have been two notable developments.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission updated guidance to employers to make clear that they should accommodate people in Young's situation.
UPS itself has changed its policy so that pregnant employees will be eligible for light-duty work. "UPS believed it was appropriate to update its workplace policies so that we can attract and retain the best workforce we can," Ross said.
The change does not affect Young, now a contractor for the federal Customs and Border Protection agency.
Looking back, Young said the situation was so upsetting because she felt she was able to work and considered herself pretty tough. Recalling the birth of her second child, Young said, "I was at work when I went into labor."
The case is Young v. UPS, 12-1226.
More:

These News Bloopers Are The Perfect Gift -- To All Of Usreddit
'Tis the season for giving -- and there's no better gift than laughter.
These news bloopers from the month of November are sure to deliver. Behold some unintentional profanity, some very intentional profanity, some rogue camera work, and the hilarity that ensues when a little boy tells the weather forecast.
(Warning: Several incidents contain language that may be offensive to some readers.)
Also on HuffPost:

Chicago City Council Approves $13 Minimum Wagereddit
The Chicago City Council moved hastily Tuesday to approve an ordinance calling for a $13 minimum wage for workers in the Windy City, the latest place where city officials are taking action to increase worker pay independent of statewide initiatives.
The ordinance calls for the minimum wage in Chicago to rise from $8.25 to $10 an hour beginning next year, followed by increases to $10.50 in 2016, $11 in 2017, $12 in 2018 and, finally, $13 in 2019.
Though five aldermen voted against the ordinance, 44 others backed it during the special Tuesday meeting of the council.
The Raise Chicago Coalition, which had fought for the wage boost, called the vote "a major victory."
“The passage of this increase will change the lives of hundreds of thousands of low wage workers and their families. It will have a tangible benefit for our communities, local economies and small businesses," Ann Marie Cunningham of Jane Addams Senior Caucus, part of the Raise Chicago group, said in a statement.
The fast-tracked plan, one of three wage-increase proposals considered by city officials this week, is backed by Mayor Rahm Emanuel in what some critics say is a political move designed to win favor with left-leaning Chicago voters ahead of the February 2015 mayoral election.
Emanuel applauded the city council's Tuesday vote in a statement . "A higher minimum wage ensures that nobody who works in the City of Chicago will ever struggle to reach the middle class or be forced to raise their child in poverty," he said. "Today, Chicago has shown that our City is behind a fair working wage."
The council’s 19-member Workplace Development and Audit Committee had approved the plan Monday, with only three “no” votes, despite business groups and a minority of aldermen -- including Ann Sather restaurants owner Tom Tunney -- saying the plan will kill jobs and hurt business in the city.
"How do you go from $8.25 [an-hour] to $13 overnight? ” Tunney said Tuesday, according to the Chicago Sun-Times. “You know what you do? You raise the prices and you've also got to find ways to do it with less help. That's what's going to happen."
Business groups including the Chicagoland Camber of Commerce and the Illinois Restaurant Association have also said the wage increase puts Chicago businesses at an unfair disadvantage , especially in parts of the city that border suburb towns in Illinois and communities in the neighboring state of Indiana .
Some activist groups and Emanuel rivals gearing up for the mayoral race say the $13-an-hour wage is not enough and have vowed to continue to push for a $15-an-hour minimum wage, an amount that an overwhelming majority of Chicago voters approved via a non-binding ballot question in the March primary election.
"While I’m proud to support today’s increase in the minimum wage , we can’t stop fighting now," Ald. Bob Fioretti, who is running for mayor, said in a Tuesday statement. "Rahm Emanuel could’ve pushed this legislation earlier, and he could’ve pushed for $15 an hour today. The chant in the streets here and nationwide has been ‘show me $15,’ not ‘show me $13 by 2019.’"
Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, who is also running for mayor, questioned why the Emanuel administration did not push for a higher wage sooner. Garcia also backed a proposed $15-an-hour Chicago wage .
"Why didn't he support a minimum wage hike during his first year in office?" Garcia said in a statement. "Why does he want to wait another 5 years before raising everyone to $13 an hour?"
In the November elections, a majority of Illinois voters cast ballots in favor of increasing the state minimum wage to $10 by 2015. Sixty-six percent of voters statewide approved the November ballot question, while 87 percent of Chicago voters voted in favor of the increase.
Chicago’s move to increase its city minimum wage could have implications for the separate battle to boost the state minimum wage to $11 by 2017. As Crain’s Greg Hinz reported Monday, the backing of business groups which had supported the statewide proposal was likely contingent on the law blocking the ability of Chicago and other cities to independently increase their minimum wages above the state wage.
The state minimum wage was a key issue in the state’s contentious gubernatorial race, and there is continued tension as Republican Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner has urged the state legislature to avoid taking action on any major issues , particularly raising the minimum wage, until he takes office on Jan. 12.
Rauner, who is pushing for “pro-job creation, pro growth reforms,” such as changes to laws concerning workers compensation and state taxes in conjunction with a minimum wage increase, warned on Tuesday that the Chicago ordinance could make the city less competitive , the Chicago Tribune reports.
Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn had vowed to increase the minimum wage in Illinois, and lawmakers may choose to ignore Rauner’s directive and approve such legislation during their fall veto session this week.
Chicago is home to approximately 400,000 minimum-wage workers , who will be directly impacted by Tuesday's vote.
Also on HuffPost:

Ukraine Reports Accident At Nuclear Power Plant  But Says Poses No DangerAccident Occurred At Ukraine Nuclear Power Plant, But Poses No Danger: Govt
Reuters
reddit
KIEV, Dec 3 (Reuters) - Ukraine's energy authorities said on  Wednesday that an accident at a nuclear power plant in  Zaporizhzhya in the south-east of the country posed no danger  and the plant would return to normal operations on Dec. 5.
"There is no threat ... there are no problems with the  reactors," Energy Minister Volodymyr Demchyshyn, who took up his  post in a new government only on Tuesday, told a briefing.
Demchyshyn, said the accident which happened on Friday in  one of the six blocs at Zaporizhzhya, Europe's largest nuclear  power plant, had been caused by a short circuit in the power  outlet system and was "in no way" linked to power production.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said it  had no immediate comment on the report.
Under an international convention, adopted after the April  1986 Chernobyl accident in what was then Soviet Ukraine, a  country must notify the IAEA of any nuclear accident that can  have an impact on other countries.
The explosion and fire at the Chernobyl power plant, the  world's worst nuclear accident, was caused by human error and a  series of blasts sent a cloud of radioactive dust billowing  across northern and western Europe.
Ukraine, Belarus and Russia, have estimated the death toll  at only a few thousand as a result of the explosion while the  environmental group Greenpeace says the accident will eventually  cause up to 93,000 extra cancer deaths worldwide.
Interfax news agency said a 1,000-megawatt reactor was  housed in the bloc at Zaporizhzhya where last Friday's accident  occurred.
Demchyshyn said the affected bloc had been provisionally  disconnected from the electro-energy system though its reactor  continued to work normally.
"Its power output is not being used. I think that the  problem will be resolved by Friday," he said.
The accident has had a slight impact on Ukraine's energy  system, but Demchyshyn said he would ask the major industrial  consumers to impose a 'voluntary restriction' in energy  consumption.
Ukraine produced more than 60 million tonnes of coal last  year, making it self-sufficient in electricity and coal.
Separatist fighting in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions since  June has halted production at 66 coal mines, however, leaving  Ukrainian power plants without enough raw materials.      (Reporting by Natalia Zinets and Pavel Polityuk; Additional  reporting by Fredrik Dahl in Vienna; Writing by Richard  Balmforth)
Also on HuffPost:

Selling Girl Scout cookies online can have a dark sideBy Hayley Tsukayama December 3 Follow @htsuka
This week the Girls Scouts of the USA has allowed troopers to sell cookies through personalized Web sites. (AP Photo/Girl Scouts of the USA)
After selling Girl Scout cookies the old-fashioned way since she was five, Rebecka Hicks, 16, is taking her first leap into the world of online sales.
Pretty soon, Rebecka will put up her photo, perhaps a video of her making a sales pitch, on a personal Web site. She'll send out eCards to reach a wider range of customers than she ever has before. And while the overall design for her sales site will come from the Girl Scouts, what goes online is basically up to her. The organization won't review the content, saying that such projects should stay between parents and their kids.
The move by the Girl Scouts this week to allow its troopers to sell cookies online has been met with mixed emotions by parents, officials within the organization and privacy advocates who raised concerns about exposing so many girls, as young as 13, to the potential for cyber-bullying, online predators and other dangers of the Web. Some say the idea is long overdue: How can you teach entrepreneurship to a generation of young women without developing their online skills? But others are worried about encouraging so many children -- there are 2.3 million Girls Scouts in the country -- to court friends, coworkers of parents, acquaintances, and other consumers through Web sites that have little organizational supervision.
It's a big step for the Girl Scouts -- and for the Hicks family. Rebecka said she's already excited to sell her wares to relatives who live far away and to allow customers to pay with credit cards instead of cash. "I definitely think this will go forward in a positive way," she said.
The risks aren't lost on Hicks' mom. "I have concerns, but I feel as though they've put good measurements in place," said Krista Hicks, who lives in Mechanicsville, Va. Plus, she added, it doesn't do any good to fight the inevitable. "They do live in that world and this gives them more education and chances for thought about what the dangers that are out there."
Some are more hesitant about the push online. The Girl Scouts Council of the Nation's Capital -- the country's largest chapter with 90,000 members in the D.C. area -- said it isn't participating in the "Digital Cookie" program yet, in part due to safety concerns.
Lidia Soto-Harmon, chief executive of the D.C. Girl Scouts' council, agreed the girls need to embrace technology, but said safety is still her first concern. The group's troopers will be allowed to set up credit card payments, but not personal Web sites.
"We are known for being a traditional council," Soto-Harmon said. "We're making sure, to your point about security issues, that we're protecting the data on the girls, and what the girls are collecting."
The Scouts say that they have put in a number of measures to protect the girls from online predators, and have been working on this program for at least five years.  A Girl Scouts spokesman said that only a girl's first name will be part of her custom site -- similar to a seller's page on eBay. Her last name, location and other identifying information won't be listed by default. The organization also made sure that all customer and scout data is encrypted. Girls won't be required to set up Web sites, but those who do will have to take a  pledge for online safety , plus lessons on issues such as cyberbullying and dealing with strangers online.
But some online safety and security experts said not every family will understand the risks. Plus, it’s not easy for parents to monitor everything their kids are doing online.
"Thankfully these girls probably have some confidence and mindfulness about them as comes with being in scouts," said Garth Bruen, a Boston-based investigator-- himself an Eagle Scout -- who researches Internet crime. "Nevertheless they are children, and anytime you open one door someone will try to exploit it and find some way into a kid's mind, it's a game the predators know how to play well." He said that scouts should be particularly wary of large orders that come with requests for extended communication.
There's also the threat of hackers who often view non-profit organizations as prime targets, said Akli Adjaoute, chief executive of the San Francisco-based security firm Brighterion. Compared to banks and mega-retailers -- whose systems have been compromised in recent years --  criminals assume that non-profits "have no resources and no heavy investment on security,"  Adjaoute said. "And they're right."
The girls or their parents won't have to combat cyber-security threats, the Scouts said. The cookie bakeries will be providing the infrastructure for the Web sites and will be responsible for protecting them against major cyber attacks.
Ultimately, the Girl Scouts said it is relying on parents to be the last line of defense against other kinds of threats online. That's why parental education is paramount, said Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy. Some may not think twice about letting their kids send links to their Web sites far and wide, or upload videos that show off their schools, homes or neighborhoods as part of a sales pitch. And in the intense competition to increase sales, some youths might let their location or full name slip.
"First, some parents would need to earn a privacy badge themselves," he said. "But you can't treat teens like little adults in terms of their privacy, especially when they're being encouraged to sell no matter what."
The key for parents is to keep talking to their scouts about online dangers, said Stephen Balkam of the Family Online Safety Institute. Balkam said that he applauds the Girl Scouts for modernizing their cookie sales, but that parents and caregivers have to stay in close communication with them to keep them safe.
"This is not a one-off 'the birds and the bees' conversation," he said. "It's an opportunity for parents and kids to explore, share and celebrate sales -- but parents should stay close."
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Inhofe s Grand Climate Conspiracy Theory: It s All About Barbra StreisandInhofe Blames Barbra Streisand, 'Hollywood Liberals' For Grand Climate Conspiracy Theory
Mother Jones  |  By                                                                      David Corn
Posted:
reddit
This story was originally published by Mother Jones and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
The recent news on the front page of the New York Times was stark. As thousands of diplomats were gathering in Lima, Peru, to work on an agreement to limit greenhouse gas emissions , scientists and climate policy experts were warning
that it now may be impossible to prevent the temperature of the planet's atmosphere from rising by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit. According to a large body of scientific research, that is the tipping point at which the world will be locked into a near-term future of drought, food and water shortages, melting ice sheets, shrinking glaciers, rising sea levels and widespread flooding—events that could harm the world's population and economy.
But with an effort under way in Lima to protect the difference, as the newspaper put it, "between a newly unpleasant world and an uninhabitable one," one fellow in Washington is readying himself to prevent any progress toward a climate accord: Sen. James Inhofe. The 80-year-old Republican from Oklahoma is one of the most notorious deniers of human-induced climate change. He has contended that God controls the Earth's climate, not Homo sapiens, and he has quoted the Bible to make this point: "As long as the Earth remains there will be seed time and harvest, cold and heat, winter and summer, day and night." And Inhofe, thanks to the recent elections, is in line to chair the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee when the Republicans assume control of the Senate next month. He has vowed to do all he can to block regulations aimed at cutting emissions.
With diplomats in Lima wrestling with the challenges of climate negotiations and Inhofe counting the days until his likely ascension to one of the most powerful environment-related positions on the planet, I'm reminded of a bizarre encounter I had with the senator at a previous climate summit.
In December 2009, the United Nations hosted a global gathering in Copenhagen to hammer out what some participants hoped would be a binding accord that would compel a reduction in emissions around the world. Thousands of diplomats, policy advocates, and scientists flocked to the Danish city for the session, and thousands of reporters were there to chronicle the talks. Inhofe came too. To troll. Or, as he put it , to be "a one-man truth squad." He slithered in and out of the cavernous media filing center, ever at the ready to speak to reporters looking for the other side quotes denigrating the proceedings, claiming that climate change was no more than a hoax, and celebrating the summit's failure to produce a binding and comprehensive treaty.
Inhofe was usually mobbed by reporters—especially non-American journalists who found it newsworthy that a US senator would say such things. Judging from the smile on his mug, Inhofe enjoyed skunking up the party. After watching this for a few days, I could not resist the urge to engage.
As he strolled through the media center one afternoon, accompanied by several camera crews recording his pronouncements, I approached and politely asked if I could put a question to him. Sure, he said, in his folksy, avuncular manner.
Look around us, I said, spreading my arms wide. There are thousands of intelligent and well-meaning people in this gigantic conference center: scientists, heads of state, government officials, policy experts. They believe that climate change is a serious and pressing threat and that something must be done soon. Do you believe that they have all been fooled?
Yes, he said, grinning.
That these people who have traveled from all points of the globe to be here are victims of a well-orchestrated hoax?
Yes, he said, still smiling.
That's some hoax, I countered. But who has engineered such a scam?
Hollywood liberals and extreme environmentalists, Inhofe replied.
Really? I asked. Why would they conspire to scare all these smart people into believing a catastrophe was under way, when all was well?
Inhofe didn't skip a beat: To advance their radical environmental agenda.
I pressed on: Who in Hollywood is doing this?
The whole liberal crowd, Inhofe said.
But who?
Barbra Streisand, he responded.
I nearly laughed. All these people had assembled in Copenhagen because of Barbra Streisand. A singer and actor had perpetuated the grandest con of the past 100 years?
That's right, Inhofe said, with a straight face. And others, he added.
By this point, he was losing patience and glancing about for another reporter who wanted to record his important observations. And I was running out of follow-up queries. After all, was I really going to ask, "And Ed Begley Jr. too?" So our conversation ended, and I headed back to reality.
But I was struck by this thought: Did this senator truly believe Barbra Streisand was the devious force behind a completely phony global campaign to address climate change? He seemed to.
In his 2012 book, The Greatest Hoax: How the Global Warming Conspiracy Threatens Your Future, Inhofe does mention Streisand—but only once, lumping her together with Leonardo DiCaprio and John Travolta as celebs whose environmental "alarmism" had to be debunked. But his book did not shy away from clearly identifying the charlatans and hoaxers who have hornswoggled the planet: "environmental activist extremists," Al Gore, MoveOn.org, George Soros, Michael Moore, and, yes, "the Hollywood elites."
Perhaps when Inhofe seizes the reins of the Senate environment committee, he can further expose this conspiracy—and for the first witness…Barbra Streisand. It's time for her to come clean.
UPDATE: After this story was published, Streisand issued the following statement: "This would be hilarious if it weren't so frightening. I thank Senator Inhofe for singling me out as a voice against the perils of climate change! But I'm just a small part of millions of voices, who are informed and alarmed, including 97% of all climate scientists! God help us! This man is going to head the Committee on the Environment in the United States Senate. It’s like giving a fox the keys to the chicken coop."
Also on HuffPost:

Why nuclear superiority matters for compellenceComments
By Matthew Kroenig, Miriam Krieger and Hans Noel December 3
Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif,  speaks with E.U. high representative Catherine Ashton as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry embraces France’s Laurent Fabius in Geneva. (Fabrice Coffrini/AFP/Getty Images)
As diplomats work on a comprehensive nuclear deal to keep Iran from the bomb, Russia’s nuclear saber rattles in ways not seen since the 1980s, and North Korea, China, India and Pakistan expand and modernize their nuclear arsenals, the role of nuclear weapons is returning to the center of both foreign policy and scholarly debates.  Some of the most basic questions both groups would like to answer include: Do nuclear weapons matter? More specifically, can countries use nuclear weapons to deter and compel adversaries short of launching a nuclear attack? And, finally, does nuclear superiority, an advantage in the size and sophistication of a nuclear arsenal relative to that of an opponent, provide a coercive edge?
The answer to these questions will help inform our understanding of several vital questions: how easy it will be to persuade Tehran to forego a nuclear weapons capability; to what lengths the international community should go to put verifiable limits on Iran’s nuclear program; how concerned Washington should be about an increased emphasis on nuclear weapons in potential adversaries’ posture and doctrine; and whether the United States should remain committed to maintaining a robust nuclear arsenal.
To better inform these deliberations, this post reports the results of our new academic paper  that finds that nuclear weapons are indeed an important factor in international politics. In particular, it shows that nuclear superiority increases a state’s ability to engage in international compellence.
(For those who may be wondering, compellence is typically defined as a military threat designed to change the international status quo and is generally thought to be more difficult than deterrence, a military threat to preserve the status quo).
The previous state-of-the-art in academic studies on this issue was reviewed in The Monkey Cage in a mini-symposium earlier this year. One study showed that nuclear-superior states are more likely to achieve their basic goals in international crises, while another demonstrated the opposite: Nuclear-armed states are no more likely to issue successful compellent threats than similar non-nuclear states. In other words, the results were inconclusive.
We decided to investigate this matter further. We saw several shortcomings with the study that found that nuclear weapons don’t matter, and our research sought to improve upon these limitations.
Using the exact same data (the Militarized Compellent Threat dataset ) as the previous study, our basic finding is unambiguous: The nuclear balance of power is fundamental to patterns of international compellence.
To begin, we show that the previous study correctly reported that the rate of compellent success for non-nuclear challengers since 1945 (16 compellent successes in 69 attempts) is not statistically different from the success rate of nuclear-armed challengers (10 of 49). Unfortunately, however, the study also overlooked much of what is interesting about nuclear weapons’ effect on compellence.
First, nuclear weapons embolden states to attempt compellence in the first place. Nuclear-armed states attempt compellence roughly once in every 1,000 opportunities, whereas non-nuclear states have attempted compellence only about once in every 16,000 opportunities.
Second, nuclear-armed states are much more likely to achieve compellent success precisely because they are more willing to try. In social scientific terms, there is a large “selection effect.” The ratio of compellent successes to possible opportunities is roughly one in 5,000 for nuclear-armed states, but only one in 69,000 for non-nuclear states. As soccer coaches often quip, you miss all of the shots you don’t take.
Third, these effects are most evident when narrowing our focus to dyads (pairs of states) with at least one nuclear power. After all, these are the most relevant cases for assessing the effect of nuclear superiority on compellence. We find that nuclear-superior states (states that enjoy a nuclear advantage either because they possess nuclear weapons and their opponent does not, or because they possess more nuclear warheads than a nuclear-armed adversary) have attempted 49 compellent threats and successfully compelled opponents in 10 separate episodes.
In contrast, nuclear-inferior states (non-nuclear states facing nuclear-armed adversaries or nuclear-armed states against opponents with larger nuclear arsenals) have only even attempted compellence three times and were successful only once. Moreover, in our follow-up examination of this single success (Turkey supposedly compelling Great Britain as they were working together to restore order on Cyprus in 1963), we were unable to find any evidence of a militarized compellent threat, to say nothing of a successful one, leading us to doubt whether an inferior state has ever successfully compelled a nuclear-superior opponent.
Our finding does not result because certain aggressive countries build large nuclear arsenals and bully other states. Rather, we show that the exact same countries behave very differently depending on whether they are in a position of superiority or inferiority. The table below lists the compellent threats issued by nuclear-armed states from 1945 to 2001. The column on the left lists the compellent threats made by each state against countries with more nuclear weapons and, on the right, the compellent threats against states with fewer nuclear weapons.
 
Table. List of Compellent Threats by Nuclear-Armed States, 1945-2001
 
Threats against Nuclear Superior States
Threats against Nuclear Inferior States
Country

Matthew Kroenig  Miriam Krieger and Hans NoelThe Fix's Chris Cillizza discussed the latest in political news.
Dec 12, 2014
A battle lost. But a tactical victory won.
Dec 11, 2014
Load More
About
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix”, a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House for the newspaper and Web site. Chris has appeared as a guest on NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, Fox News Channel and CNN to talk politics. He lives in Virginia with his wife and sons.
Most Read

Jordan s Prince Hassan: Recognition of Palestinian State Is a  Gross Irrelevance.  The Issue Is Citizenship for All.reddit
Alain Elkann recently sat down in London with Jordan's Prince El Hassan bin Talal. Here are excerpts of his interview.
How are your efforts going to bring an ecumenical community together to address the problems of the Middle East?
I am beginning to feel that voices from the region have some traction. [This month], I am going back in Rome, having already met the Holy Father earlier this year, for a meeting of the Pontifical Council where there are going to be Anglicans and Catholics, Shia and Sunni.
So I am beginning to feel that the call for justice, which basically is a call for enabling and empowering people with citizenship, is beginning to receive the support of the broad ecumenical community. Last summer in London, I also called on Archbishop Welby, and I recently spoke at the House of Lords on this topic.
The British Parliament, decades after the Balfour Declaration, has said they recognize the State of Palestine, and so does the Swedish government. And now also the French Parliament.
But you might say that this is not only too little too late. It is also a gross irrelevance, because the problem is not to recognize different sectarian and ethnic groupings; the problem is the citizenship deficit that these individuals suffer from.
I mean, for example, the Arabs of Jerusalem are living on as residents at the discretion of the Israeli Minister of Interior, and I am afraid to say that, like the Arabs of Palestine before them, Christians Jews and Muslims of Arab culture, citizenship is not yet a common denominator, and certainly not first class citizenship.
What does it take for peaceful coexistence?
The traction I feel we are beginning to get is that, for the first time in a long time, authentic ideas are coming from the region and are being listened to. Some years ago we established the West Asia-North Africa Forum, and today we are in touch with the international bar associations of the world. People are beginning to develop the content of the rule of law.
The rule of law is not simply the ballot box; the rule of law is not the conventions which come undone when you cherry pick that this convention suits me and that convention does not suit me. The rule of law that protects all citizens means recognizing for the first time the difference between "migration stakeholders" and "national stakeholders."
Peter Sutherland, special representative of the secretary general of the U.N. for migration, says that in some ways, this is a story of Mars and Venus. It sometimes seems that migration stakeholders are from one planet -- and national stakeholders from an altogether different one. They see migration very differently.
Forty-five million Egyptians are going to have to move from the Nile delta region. With global warming raising the Mediterranean sea levels, the delta will be flooded by the water. Yet, I don't see anybody, who is interested in building the infrastructure or who cares about crisis avoidance.
Shifting the emphasis from bombs and oil to citizens being the vector of stability or instability may be, just may be, the way to propose a stabilization architecture for the region. And the region I am talking about is West Asia to South Asia, East of Suez to Iran, Turkey and Iraq.
So then you would have a situation which, as Nasser put it in his day, that would detract from Arab nationalism. But, in reality what we need is citizenship not pan-nationalism. As Churchill put it in his 1946 speech, I paraphrase, "a broader form of patriotism."
Don't tell me that Washington or Brussels or Rome knew what a Yazidi is, what a Malachite Christian or a Maronite Christian is, until five minutes ago. You can't cherry pick the community you want to protect because you want to protect minorities. You have to protect the minority and the majority as equal citizens.
In terms of existential threat, Iran has the same figure of 45 million people, also potentially on the move by 2030, because the water they get is from the Zagros Mountains, where, like the Himalayas, the ice is shrinking. The water is deoxygenating and when you deoxygenate water you can't grow anything.
So where will this 90 million people go before you can say, "Aleikum Salaam?"
We have not talked together since this time last year. What has changed since then, and what are your major concerns now?
Well, a major concern in the region, with the possible exception of Tunisia, is rampant corruption, alongside a lack of governance and of institutionalism. So I am talking today about the importance of the triple helix of political, economic and civil society coming together to talk.
You see the problem we face is that all the slogans of the Arab Spring in 2011 were just that -- slogans. Democracy. Freedom.
"Rather than democracy, I think that what people are asking for is equal opportunity."
Rather than democracy, I think that what people are asking for is equal opportunity. In the last year, since we last met, we have produced a charter in the Arab Thought Forum. Thousands of young Arabs have developed a charter proscribing discrimination at all levels; that means all the things that are not written into constitutions, with the exception, ironically, of the Egyptian constitution which is explicit. The rest of the countries only write such proscriptions into their emergency laws, and emergency laws don't have the power of good governance.
In my country, there were about 7-8 million people when we met a year ago. Today we are 11 million. Since 2011, 32,000 Syrian children have been born in Jordan, and in the absence of policy to ensure their ability to participate, in several years' time these children will be the foot soldiers of the Da'esh.
Obama wants to find a way to destroy the Syrian air force capability within 75 kilometers of the borders with Syria, so he puts in Patriot missiles. This is not the real issue. My point is it is not a question of 70 kilometers, or a 20 kilometer buffer in Gaza; it's a question of groundwater and economic free zones, so that you get citizenship. When will people understand that citizenship is the basis of stability or instability? But instead we are all driven by populist factors.
Is ISIS now a major problem for you in Jordan?
People joining up with ISIS in Jordan or elsewhere is about the absence of identity. If everyone gets $1,000, or whatever it is, and if people are unemployed and humiliated, they join up.
Da'esh, or ISIS, has several components, one of which is the former Baath army which was disbanded. The second component is the Salafis, which is a sort of rejuvenation of the first Wahhabi movement in British India (the second was in Qatar).
Remember that a percentage of the population of Bahrain, of Saudi Arabia's eastern province, and a percentage of Oman is Shia; a large percentage of Iran is Shia. So the growth of ISIS is a sort of rejuvenation of a Sunni balancing factor.
Some people say that there are those in the military establishment of the U.S. who thought maybe they can make amends now for when the U.S. disbanded the Iraqi army after it invaded by bringing the Sunni into a balancing role with the Shia. But what are they turning to? They are turning to these iconoclasts.
In Iraq, the actual administration and training of ISIS is being done by the old regime. In northern Syria and northern Iraq it's basically a holding position. This is why I think that the comments of Staffan de Mistura, the U.N. special envoy for Syria, are so important concerning making Aleppo an open city. I think Mosul should also be an open city and that all the minorities should have a chance to breathe as citizens.
There is a difference between domination and pluralism. You can refer to a sense of authority, but the federation should not be a federation of clear cut lines between us and them.
What will happen in this region? Is Jordan the only stable state? Lebanon, Syria, Iraq -- what is going to happen?
Today is 1914 all over again. Margaret MacMillan at Oxford University has written a brilliant book about that war, The War that Ended Peace.  Pope Francis has also made a very important remark that today we are facing a "piecemeal World War III" because every region is in conflict.
They had to go through a world war between 1914 and 1918 to get to the peace conference in Versailles. Is there a possibility of our region seeing a conference focusing on West Asia? Of the five countries that have seen military intervention, four are in our region -- Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Iran and then we have Nigeria. And what has foreign intervention achieved? According to the terrorism index, it has not achieved anything.
You mean the bombing?
I mean the bombing yes, but also the special forces and the special operations. This is the sad point. People cannot even think, they cannot focus anymore, because of continuously being hit on the head. These are the zombies that ISIS wants. As we say, the dead-hearted.
Do you talk to the people of ISIS?
I believe in talking to everyone. At the Arab Thought Forum we invite anyone from the region who is willing to engage in conversation. When the vernacular of governance breaks down then these communities become ghettoized. As an Italian sociologist said to me years ago, "There is a big difference between cosmopolitan and convivial." If people are all living in ghettos, they are not communicating.
There has to be an understanding of the fact that this West Asian region cannot be protected by armies and navies focused solely on gas and oil. What we need desperately is connection, conviviality and citizenship.
The unabridged text of the interview can be read at Alainelkanninterviews.com
Close

Holiday Spending Worries Generosity Doesn t Always Come With A High Price Tagreddit
Dear Readers,
Last week I talked about Giving Tuesday and ways to increase your charitable giving. This week, I'd like to talk a bit about how to creatively extend that spirit of generosity to friends and family. Giving traditional gifts is fun and I enjoy choosing what I think is ideal for someone. But when possible, I like the idea of wrapping that gift in a package that may have a bigger meaning. So before we all get caught up in the holiday buying frenzy, here are some ideas on how to do just that.
Start with a list
As your circle of family and friends grows, it can be a challenge to give meaningfully to everyone. To help you focus on the people to whom you want to be generous, make a list. Put your dearest family members and friends at the top and work down to the others in your life that you want to acknowledge in some way.
Think carefully about each recipient. What would be most appreciated? It's not just about how much money you spend -- even if money isn't an issue -- but rather about why you think a certain gift will be just right. For some people on your list, a small token will be meaningful. For others, your creative approach to their gift may make the value of it even greater.
Wrap up your gift in financial know-how
One way to give your gift added meaning is to make your own financial know-how part of the package. Everyone in your life -- from your youngest child to your parents or grandparents -- could likely benefit from your insight and experience with money, investing and personal finance. And there are some creative ways to share that wealth of knowledge.
For instance, the perfect sweater might make your teenage daughter momentarily happy, but perhaps attaching it to a clothing allowance that she'll have to manage would give you the chance to teach her about budgeting, saving and spending wisely. A piggy bank for a younger child could come with a savings account and a trip to your bank to learn about how money grows over time.
If someone on your list is a student working part-time or a young adult who has recently entered the workforce, how about helping them open a Roth IRA, perhaps with some initial funding from you, and then offering to match their contributions for a time? You can then help them get started investing for the long-term. That's a gift that can have a lifetime of value.
Even older adults, perhaps your parents, could benefit from your gift of knowledge. If they're struggling economically and you can help out monetarily in some way, that's great. But if you can also help them budget more wisely, and make certain they're making the most of their Social Security and Medicare benefits, that would take your economic support further. Even if they aren't struggling, perhaps you could help them fine-tune their finances or estate plan by offering to help them meet with the appropriate professional.
Be generous with your time
Giving of your knowledge also involves giving of the time it requires to help a child or parent learn more about finances. However, time can also be spent just on fun. Whether it's with a friend or family member, arranging a special event together -- a dinner, a visit to the museum, a ballgame, a special vacation -- can be the most perfect gift of all. If you have the ability to foot the bill, great. If not, sharing the cost as well as the experience can be just as thoughtful.
Give a purpose to your monetary gifts
A gift of cash, of course, is always appreciated. But earmarking the money for a larger purpose or a long-term goal can be even more significant.
For example, opening a savings account or custodial account for a young person is a way to introduce personal finance basics and perhaps initiate an interest in investing. Creating a 529 plan for a child or grandchild is a gift to the parents as well as to the child. Or if kids are already in college, you could offer to make a direct tuition payment to the school.
Another idea is to jumpstart the process of saving for a big-ticket item like a car, a computer or a family trip. Or if you know that someone on your list has a cause or charity that is of particular importance, you could make a donation in that person's name.
Make it mutually rewarding
So often during the holidays, people worry about over-extending their budgets or they feel bad that they can't afford the type of gifts they'd like to give. But to me, being generous isn't just about money. It's about being thoughtful and willing to share your time and knowledge as well as your good fortune. By doing so, you may find you're also giving yourself a wonderfully rewarding experience.
Looking for answers to your retirement questions? Check out Carrie's new book, "The Charles Schwab Guide to Finances After Fifty: Answers to Your Most Important Money Questions."
This article originally appeared on Schwab.com You can e-mail Carrie at askcarrie@schwab.com, or click here for additional Ask Carrie columns. This column is no substitute for an individualized recommendation, tax, legal or personalized investment advice. Where specific advice is necessary or appropriate, consult with a qualified tax advisor, CPA, financial planner or investment manager.
COPYRIGHT 2014 CHARLES SCHWAB & CO., INC. MEMBER SIPC. (1114-7718)
Close
Top 8 Financial Worries Of Americans
of

The Great Twinkie Caper -- How U.S. Workers Get Flippedreddit
Remember two years ago when Hostess Brands, the maker of Twinkies, was saved by a group of private investors as it was about to go out of business because the company claimed they were bring driven to bankruptcy by workers' wages and pension? Fox News, CNBC, Fortune and others cheered because the iconic American company was saved, as did many in the public because all those sweet baked goods of our youth would still be there.
Now news has surfaced that those private investors who "saved" Hostess for $410 million are planning to sell it for a cool $1.7 billion next year. Quite a profit. How did they pull that one off?
Well, it's like when someone "flips" a house. You know what that is -- when someone buys a home that's in disrepair, fixes it up, cuts corners to make upgrades and then sells it for a profit. This is what has happened in communities across the country as working people defaulted on their home loans due to the mortgage crisis. In the case of Hostess, they're doing this for a huge profit and it's a crime.
How come it's worth so much more now than it was in 2012?
That's the part of the story that everyone should know before they buy another Twinkie, Ho Ho or Zinger.
The story begins in 2005, when Hostess convinced its workers to accept major contract concessions to keep the company afloat. To understand how severe this was, consider the report of one employee who said his annual wages decreased more than 30 percent.
In July 2011, Hostess sent its workers a letter saying that it was going to "borrow" the wages from employees to pay into the pension fund until the company was profitable again.  They promised to pay it all back.
But, a year later, with unfunded pension liabilities of $2 billion, the company filed for bankruptcy. The judge in the bankruptcy case ruled that the pension money Hostess took was a debt the bakery couldn't repay.
That's what lawyers call "betrayal without remedy," which loosely translated means "you're screwed and there's nothing you can do about it" -- a tune working Americans have heard way too often.
The judge also approved a new, guaranteed base annual salary for its CEO of $1.5 million, plus cash incentives and "long-term incentive" compensation of up to $2 million. If Hostess liquidated or the CEO was fired without cause, he'd still get a "golden parachute" (severance pay) of $1.95 million.
Hostess also received approval from the judge to impose a contract on its workers. Under the imposed contract the wages of the worker mentioned above would take another 30 percent cut over five years. This time the employees had had enough and went on strike.
In response, Hostess shut down its 13 plants and began liquidating its assets, putting its employees out of work. Amazingly, Hostess continued to suck money out of the pension fund for "operations" which allowed them to give $1.75 million in bonuses to 19 executives.
Having dispatched its employees and plundered their retirement plans, Hostess management sold the company in 2013, to investors Apollo Global Management and C. Dean Metropoulos who brought it out of bankruptcy for $410 million.
The new investors have reopened four of the enterprises 13 plants and have been ruthless in crushing any attempts at organizing its workers. The pension fund, which by now was in big trouble, remained the responsibility of the old company. And this was a multi-employer pension fund whose ill-fortune affected the retirement of persons working for bakeries that had nothing to do with Hostess.
Having bought back a company, squashed its unions, and taken on no responsibility for pension obligations, the investors were ready to "flip" Hostess Brands for a big profit.
But, this is different from the kind of house flip you see in your neighborhood in which investors put a lot of their own money into fixing the place up for sale.
No, in the case of Hostess, the investors didn't use just their own money to make Hostess Brands more valuable. Instead, they took advantage of the former company's dismissal of its employees, and its plundering of their pension to get it ready for sale.
Because it is all technically legal, Hostess and its new owners would probably deny that they stole the money from Hostess employees in order to make a lot of money on the coming sale -- but that is exactly what they did.
But, they didn't just steal from Hostess employees. These greedy executives also took the hard earned money from pension plan participants all over America to position themselves for another windfall of cash.
The fact that it is perfectly legal for executives of a U.S. corporation to get rid of workers solely because they are earning a living wage, and steal their retirement savings in order to make a huge profit is a crime worth prosecuting.
Worse yet, this scenario is happening over and over again throughout America.
It's our politicians who are letting this happen by allowing the elitist rich and corporate raiders to get away with this and be hailed as heroes for saving American companies. They are the ones who have created an economy that exploits the poor and has advanced the destruction of the middle class.
So next time you're deciding whether to buy a Twinkie or Hostess cupcake, take a moment to think about the outrageous exploitation of hardworking Americans by the privileged wealthy "Ding Dongs."
More:

Get Back to Business: 5 Pro Tools to Make Measurable Marketing Easyreddit
Women entrepreneurs are superheroes. We have to keep a lot of balls in the air all the time--juggling work, family, and home. Time is at a premium.
Marketing is one of those areas that can really chew through hours of your time. First, there's keeping up with best practices--which, as we all know, change over time as new technologies emerge and market expectations change. Then, we need to make sure our audience doesn't get tired of the same old thing and start to ignore us, or worse, become annoyed.
The marketing-focused entrepreneur's quandary? What do you do when your tried-and-true marketing methods stop producing? Or, if you're just starting out--how can you break through and make initial headway with your marketing campaign?
As is said, "There's an app for that." Here are five high-impact tools to motivate, monitor and measure your marketing in doable ways...that won't add to your workload or over-complicate your life.
1. Canva: Create share-worthy content. Neil Patel of Quick Sprout analyzed 398,582 tweets to figure out what kind of content generates the most shares on Twitter, and seemed surprised to find that tweets with links to how-to or list-based articles performed even better than graphics. (Who knew?!) This is why it's so important for you to create and share quality, actionable content.
But, you know graphics can't be too far behind so, unsurprisingly, graphics were the next most-shared category of content. Now, unless you're a graphic artist on the side (or have the resources to hire one), creating custom graphics on the fly might be a little tricky. Fortunately, there are some really easy online tools to help you out. My new favorite is Canva.com. It's so simple to use, you can learn it in minutes, and there are free or super affordable options, depending on the stock images you choose.
Another finding of Patel's research was that quotes performed really well. So, are you thinking what I'm thinking? Of course! You've seen them all over--an awesome background image with a text overlay--usually a memorable or pithy quote. Why not have the best of both worlds by combining a great picture of your product and overlay a related quote or quick tips? With Canva, you can!
For an example of this marketing tactic in action, take a look at the quote graphic image below. Don't forget to add your business URL before you release it to the wilds of social media. Five minutes and you're ready for social shares. Not bad, eh?
2. DataHero: Check your stats. I'm hoping you're already using a CRM system and paying attention to web traffic, but are you interpreting your data? Full data analysis can be pretty involved, and hiring a data specialist can be quite pricey for a small business owner. That's why I like DataHero. You can easily drag and drop your data right into their data decoder (yes, that's the real name of a part of their system!) and it will produce visual charts anyone can read. Use their automatic data analysis to identify buying trends or to figure out which marketing technique appeals most to your audience. You can even integrate DataHero with other marketing tools you're probably already using to generate real-time updates.
3. MailChimp: Send more effective email. Email marketing is still one of the most powerful ways to reach your market and monetize your message. You can use attractive templates to create engaging email messages, test different subject lines, and analyze results from your marketing campaigns. MailChimp also easily integrates with other applications to supercharge your email marketing.
4. Buffer: Automate social media. Buffer is a great app for organizing your social media posts. You can schedule a bunch of posts at once and have them automatically sent out throughout the day when you're busy with other things. You can then check back later to respond to comments and generous retweeters. Buffer's analytic tools will help you determine how well you're doing with your social media efforts. And, if you're short on content ideas, Buffer's app, Daily, will help you curate quality content based on keywords or phrases you enter. Remember, the content does not need to originate from you for you to share it.
5. Rival IQ: Find out what others in your industry are doing. If other companies in your industry are leaving you in the dust and you don't know why, comparing your social media and website SEO data to theirs is easier than you think...and may reveal the answers you need to get back in the game. In one place, you can learn the secrets to their growing Twitter following or why they are ranking first for a key search term you'd like to "own." And, the best thing is Rival IQ tells you what you are doing right across six social networks so you can lather, rinse and repeat.
When it comes to marketing and measuring your success, getting it all done doesn't have to be frustrating or overly time-consuming...and you need not be Wonder Woman. The right tools make organized, measurable marketing easy and let you refocus on everything else a busy entrepreneur like you has to do.
Follow Lena L. West on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LenaWest
More:

Who s Your Best Customerreddit
Workforces are more transient than they were a generation ago, globalization and off- or near-shoring are commonplace, and more people are looking to telecommute out of financial necessity or personal preference. In this environment, the pressures on human resources extend beyond recruitment and retention into training and organizational development, with a focus on employee and customer-oriented culture. A routine-oriented workforce has to give way to a knowledge-based workforce. This is resulting in a decrease in the overall effectiveness of traditional human resources departments across the employee life cycle, most specifically in the development and engagement of employees to further drive their own, and customer, engagement.
Many companies focus on the customer experience as a brand and business differentiator; true innovators tie that to employee performance. JetBlue has been featured in multiple case studies illustrating how the company evaluates its progress in engaging employees and tying this to measuring customer experiences. Beginning with a simple "ask," the company regularly surveys crew members about how likely they are to recommend JetBlue as a good place to work, and they ask customers how likely they are to recommend JetBlue to others. They correlate the answers across employees and customers and monitor the results to ensure an upward trend against both measures of success. Although it is a service business, JetBlue believes that only 10 percent of customers' perception of their brand is visible externally through customer interactions. The other 90 percent of brand perception is driven by the management of people, processes, policies, and organization. JetBlue has won J.D. Power and Associates airline satisfaction studies every year from 2006 to 2013. Other signs of strong customer engagement include 1.86 million followers on Twitter and close to one million likes on Facebook.
Dell tapped into social media early on, creating an employee advocacy program to engage with customers. The program is building legions of thought leaders and experts who are answering questions, thanking customers, writing blog posts, and connecting with potential hires. According to the company, the program has "certified over 10,000 employees to represent the brand on social media sites and top advocates are personally recognized by Dell's CMO and featured on their advocacy platform's 'Wall of Fame.'" The company understands that employee training and advocacy is not about marketing and sales, it part and parcel of their human resources strategy to reinvent the culture of a company by shifting "brand identity" from logos and products to its workforce as the face of the company and the DNA of its culture.
To be truly competitive in today's marketplace, company leadership will need to shift their mindset, putting their employees first with the understanding that an engaged employee leads to better, more profitable customers.
(This is an excerpt from a reported entitled, "Why the CMO Should Own HR" published by GigaOm Research and Talentedly in October 2014. Tweet #CMOHR if you would like a copy of the report.)
Follow Lydia Loizides on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lydiaNYC
More:

What Modi could learn from DengWritten by Minxin Pei |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:42 am
Even the most casual observer of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s hectic schedule will be impressed by the renewed vigour he has brought to India’s diplomacy. Since taking office at the end of May, Modi has paid state visits to five countries (Nepal, Japan, the US, Australia and Fiji) and attended four summits (BRICS  East Asia, G-20 and Saarc). While some may reasonably question whether Modi should be spending so much time jetting around the world while his bold economic reform plan needs his laser-like focus, the undeniable fact remains that Modi apparently is aware that India has much catching-up to do in competing with China for diplomatic influence in the Asia-Pacific.
By all accounts, China continues to enjoy a huge lead, despite its more recent setbacks in the region. Beijing began its diplomatic charm offensive in the late 1990s, taking advantage of the East Asian financial crisis and leveraging its growing economic muscle to strengthen trade links with its neighbours. Beijing’s efforts were generally considered clever and successful until 2010, when, for reasons that continue to puzzle China watchers, Chinese leaders opted for a far more confrontational regional diplomatic strategy, asserting territorial claims and taking unprecedented aggressive measures to intimidate neighbours (such as by declaring an air defence identification zone in the East China Sea).
Such muscle-flexing has boomeranged on Beijing. Most of its neighbours grew alarmed and, contrary to Beijing’s wishes, moved closer to Washington, which seized the opportunity to announce a “pivot” — the redeployment of US military capabilities and refocusing of American diplomatic attention to Asia.
Facing a concerted push-back by the US and its regional allies, China seems to be readjusting its Asian strategy. At the recent Apec summit, Chinese President Xi Jinping met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, a hardline nationalist leader vilified by China for the last two years. Although the meeting was awkward, it likely signified the beginning of a process of repairing badly damaged Sino-Japanese ties.
What is even more noticeable is Xi’s own energetic diplomatic offensive in Asia. Like Modi, Xi has also been burning a prodigious amount of aviation fuel. Indeed, he happened to be in the same neighbourhood this month as Modi — the south Pacific.
Judging by the trade and investment deals struck by Xi during his visit to Fiji and Australia two countries (China signed a free trade agreement with the latter), one may get the impression that it will be really difficult, if not impossible, for India to match Chinese influence in the region.
While this assessment is certainly true for the short term, it overlooks India’s enduring long-term advantages in raising its diplomatic profile in Asia. The most important and obvious factor in New Delhi’s favour is its strategic role as a regional counterweight to China and its good relations with nearly every country (except Pakistan). To be sure, most continued…

An over-reliance on fencingWritten by Thomas L Friedman |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:53 am
Flying into New York the other day, I got my first good look at the Freedom Tower, now known as 1 World Trade Centre, the skyscraper that sits atop 9/11’s ground zero. It does, indeed, scrape the sky, topping out at a patriotic 1,776 feet. Thirteen years after 9/11, I appreciate the nationalist pride that, while terrorists can knock down our buildings, we can just build them right back up. Take that, Osama bin Laden.
If only the story ended there. Alas, bin Laden really did mess us up, and continues to do so. We’ve erased the ruins of the World Trade Centre, but the foreign policy of fear that 9/11 instilled is still very much inside us — too much so. It remains the subtext of so much that we do in the world today, which is why it’s the subtitle of a new book by David Rothkopf, National Insecurity: American Leadership in an Age of Fear.
Much of the book is an inside look at how foreign policy was made under the two presidents since 9/11. But, in many ways, the real star of the book, the ubershaper of everything, is this “age of fear” that has so warped our institutions and policy priorities. Will it ever go away or will bin Laden be forever that gift that keeps on giving? This is the question I emailed to Rothkopf, the editor of Foreign Policy magazine.
“The post-9/11 era will not be seen as a golden age in US foreign policy,” he responded. “Largely, this is because 9/11 was such an emotional blow to the US that it, in an instant, changed our worldview, creating a heightened sense of vulnerability.” In response, “not only did we overstate the threat, we reordered our thinking to make it the central organising principle in shaping our foreign policy.”
This was a mistake on many levels, Rothkopf insisted: “Not only did it produce the overreaction and excesses of the Bush years, but it also produced the swing in the opposite direction of Obama — who was both seeking to be the un-Bush and yet was afraid of appearing weak on this front himself” — hence doubling down in Afghanistan and re-intervening in Iraq, in part out of fear that if he didn’t, and we got hit with a terrorist attack, he’d be blamed.
Fear of being blamed by the fearful has become a potent force in our politics. We’ve now spent over a decade, Rothkopf added, “reacting to fear, to a very narrow threat, letting it redefine us, and failing to rise as we should to the bigger challenges we face — whether those involved rebuilding at home, the reordering of world power, changing economic models that no longer create jobs and wealth the way they used to” or forging “new continued…

TVs bravehearts The Rohtak sisters videos provoked much anger  and some questionsWritten by Shailaja Bajpai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 1:02 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:12 am
The “Rohtak Bravehearts” (Times Now) have appeared in not just one but two videos that celebrate their courage. In both videos, the two sisters are seen teaching a lesson to young men who harass them — in the first that was broadcast on Sunday, they administer a sound thrashing to young men on a bus; the second, telecast on Tuesday, is of an earlier occasion in a park where they are seen in a verbal and physical altercation with a young man. While a whodunit of questions surround the videos — primary being who shot them — “the rockstar girls from Rohtak” (NDTV 24×7) became television celebrities overnight.
On Sunday evening, all major news channels in Hindi and English repeatedly telecast the video of Aarti and Pooja in physical combat with the men on the bus, going so far as to use a belt to beat them. As your heart swells with pride at their “fight back”, it revolts at the sight of the other people in the bus, mostly men, standing or sitting back to enjoy the “show”. The TV news channels were outraged: “What’s changed since Nirbhaya?” demanded Times Now, which is always more outraged than anyone else. “Where is the anger?” demanded Arnab Goswami, who is always more enraged than everyone else put together (Monday). Well, there was plenty of anger in the studio once Goswami allowed others to speak. Politicians like ministers Nirmala Sitharaman, Najma Heptullah and Harsimrat Kaur, and BSP chief Mayawati (all women — why?) expressed their appreciation of the sisters’ actions and anger at the bystanders.
The sisters, often with their proud father, were interviewed by all the channels and acquitted themselves as though they were prepared for this sudden moment of fame. They spoke calmly, cautiously and freely dispensed advice to womenfolk who may have been watching and listening to them: if a female behaves properly and she is harassed by men, she should hit back, they recommended. Such was the viral response to the bus video that the sisters’ exploits made it to BBC World and CNN International, too. With the second video having surfaced, the sisters may find themselves rocking the media for longer than they expected.
Times Now in its Monday super prime-time (?!) coverage of the Rohtak sisters referred to other instances where women have fought back against their male oppressors. There was diet specialist Rujuta Diwekar in Mumbai and Mamta Yadav in Meerut. NewsX had
an incident in Indore where a woman fought off a chain-snatcher. And then, of course, came the news of Gauhar Khan being slapped by a male member of the audience for dressing inappropriately (in his opinion) during the taping of reality show India’s Raw Star.
Such incidents reveal a lack of respect for women. Watch this happen in reel life too. Watched Hum Hain Na continued…

Passion  Rituals and Entrepreneurial Successreddit
As entrepreneurs, we often face the seemingly conflicting goals of building a great business and having a great personal life outside of the office. I think we all realize that true success is about more than just huge financial rewards -- it's also about living a rich and fulfilling life, by design. But how do we get there?
I can think of no one who knows more about how to find that balance than Chris Attwood. Chris is one of those extremely rare individuals who is an expert in the business world and in the discipline of living life consciously and "on purpose." Over the past 30 years, Chris has been a CEO or senior executive of fifteen companies, and has co-authored the bestselling book The Passion Test: The Effortless Path to Discovering Your Life Purpose.
He recently shared with me his insights on the importance of passion and rituals in creating a great business as well as a great life.
The power of passion
Passion is crucial because it's the only thing that will truly keep you going as an entrepreneur during those inevitable moments when everything seems to be collapsing around you. It's what inspires you and allows you to forge ahead to achieve the breakthroughs that propel success.
Chris's own personal story exemplifies this. After getting married, Chris decided he needed to step it up in the "being the breadwinner" department -- a decision that was, he says, his downfall. Over the next few years he burned through four different high-paying executive positions, including COO and CEO, at major companies. Each "opportunity" left him unsatisfied and stressed out. Each "success" left him feeling empty.
The turning point came when Chris's then-wife (and still his business partner today) had him take a test she had recently created to help people identify those things that are truly important to them. (The test would go on to become the basis for the couple's best-selling book.) The insights he gleaned from the test prompted him to devote himself to an entirely new career in corporate consulting and training -- which resulted in him earning more money than ever before.
Chris's path taught him a key lesson that he's taken with him ever since: When it comes to making decisions about your business and your professional path, passion is paramount while money and other financial opportunities are secondary concerns. The most important questions to ask yourself when considering a new strategy or even an entirely new business are: Are you passionate about it? If you pursue this path, will it light you up?
If you think that this idea of passion sounds "soft," think again. The best companies are those in which the employees are fully engaged -- and the only way to get that engagement is to help employees feel passionate about the work that they're doing.
The fact is, passion actually drives stronger financial results -- especially when you convey and instill that passion in your team and stakeholders. Studies have shown a direct correlation between the level of engagement in a company and that company's bottom line compared to its peers. Example: Companies with high levels of engagement generate 51 percent higher earnings per share than companies with average levels of engagement.
The role of rituals
The most successful entrepreneurs, celebrities and athletes incorporate rituals into their lives, and these rituals are key drivers of their amazing results, says Chris. That's because rituals allow us to perform at our best when we need to, stay calm when we're under intense pressure, and create a sense of balance in our lives.
Rituals aren't religious practices, actions based on superstitions or even habits. Instead, rituals are anything you do that is a conscious, intentional practice done regularly because you know it improves your life.
Chris cites the following rituals that are used by some of the world's top performers in their respective fields:
• Climbing trees. American Idol creator Simon Cowell shinnies a tree every day. Why? Cowell has simply said it puts him in a good mood. Chris thinks it may help the busy executive feel like a carefree kid again and recharges him in ways that "grown-up" exercises wouldn't.
• Playing bridge. Master investor Warren Buffett makes a point of spending 12 hours each week playing bridge (sometimes with Bill Gates). He's stated that it helps him consider facts and evidence better, be open to new ideas, and work with others on decision making.
• Wearing "lucky" clothing. Whenever Irish actor Colin Farrell starts a new movie, he wears a particular set of boxers covered with shamrocks and the phrase "the luck of the Irish." Chris believes the boxers help put Farrell in a mental and emotional state where he's ready to perform at his best and to accept the good fortune that he feels will come his way because he's Irish.
• Retying shoelaces. British footballer Leighton Baines unties then reties his shoelaces every time he goes onto the soccer field. This type of ritual can help set your everyday life apart from those times when you have to perform at your best in front of people. It can get you focused on the crucial task on front of you, and help boost your feeling of control over a situation.
Rituals are intensely personal, notes Chris. The most important thing to remember is that to be valuable and motivational, any ritual you adopt must have meaning and purposefulness for you. It doesn't matter if it doesn't make sense to anyone else. By adopting personally meaningful rituals, you'll be better able to manage your time, your energy, and your thinking. In my own daily life, I make sure to write down three things that I am grateful for that occurred over the past 24 hours. I find that this ritual helps me maintain a level of positivity that enables me to consistently see the opportunities that exist in situations, engage in better problem solving and be in a mental state that allows me to perform well at a moment's notice.
Go to AES Nation for more insights from Chris as well as actionable business strategies and tactics from today's top entrepreneurs.
More:

Subrata Roy s Sahara group sells Rs 1 211 cr worth Gurgaon land to M3M IndiaSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for ‘mix-use development’ and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said today while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a ‘distress sale’ by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI’s counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal, M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said: “We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore.”
He said the land deal with Sahara group was clinched two months ago but the agreement was subject to approval of the Supreme Court.
On land price, Bansal said: “It was not a distress sale for Sahara group. We have bought the land at market price.”
The company has paid Rs 150 crore upfront to Sahara and the rest would be paid in instalments over the next 6 months.
“We will come up with a high-end mixed-use development project on this land comprising branded homes, service apartments, offices, retail, hotels and entertainment centres. We are expecting a sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from this project,” Bansal said.
The company would be shortly applying for approvals to develop this project which is to be launched in the last quarter of 2015 and get completed in the next 6-8 years.
Asked about total investment on construction, Bansal said: “It is too premature to estimate but it will be about one-third of the estimated sales revenue.”
On funding of this project, he said the company would fund the project cost largely from internal accruals, but said it is also exploring the possibility of partnering with international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms.
M3M India has 2,000 acres of land in and around Gurgaon. It is currently developing 14 projects in the city, including its flagship 75-acre project ‘M3M Golf Estate’.
Delhi-NCR has witnessed many big-ticket land deals during the last seven years, including Wave Group’s 151 acres deal in Noida for about Rs 6,500 crore in 2011 making it the biggest land deal in the region.
India’s largest realty firm DLF was also involved in two high-value land transactions. It had bagged a 350-acre plot for Rs 1,750 crore in
Gurgaon in 2009 and another 38 acres in the heart of Delhi for Rs 1,675 crore in 2007.
Unitech had won 340 acres in Noida through auction for Rs 1,582 crore in 2006.
BPTP had bagged 95 acres of land in Noida for Rs 5,006 crore through an auction in 2008, but the deal fell through as the company was unable to make full payment.
Last year, Gaursons India had bought 300 acres on Yamuna Expressway in Greater Noida from Jaypee Group for more than Rs 1,500 crore.
TAGS: M3M India Sahara Group Subrata Roy
More from companies

This Edgy Ballet Is Inspired By Diamondsreddit
In April 1967, famed choreographer George Balanchine, founder of the New York City Ballet, created a ballet inspired by jewels.
The piece, aptly titled "Jewels," was divided into three parts, "Emeralds," "Rubies," and "Diamonds," and featured music by composers Gabriel Fauré, Igor Stravinsky, and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, respectively. The work was widely considered the first abstract ballet, given that it lacked a concrete narrative, and was made in collaboration with Claude Arpels, nephew of Louis Arpels -- yes, of French jewelry house Van Cleef & Arpels.
Carlos Molina and Erica Cornejo dance Emeralds during the first act as the Boston Ballet rehearses a performance of Balanchine's 'Jewels' in Boston, Mass. on Wednesday, Feb. 25, 2009. (Photo by John Bohn/The Boston Globe via Getty Images)
Almost fifty years later, another collaboration between the brightest minds in ballet and jewelry is brewing. This time, it's called "GEMS," and is choreographed by dancer, choreographer and founder of L.A. Dance Project Benjamin Millepied. "When we were inspired to revisit the concept and idea of Balanchine’s Jewels, it was very natural for us to work with Benjamin and commissioned him to create 'GEMS,'" Nicolas Bos, the President of Van Cleef & Arpels explained to The Huffington Post.
"Not only was this a work that he was familiar with, on a personal and artistic level, but creatively he has a vision of dance that beautifully balances the tradition and classicism of ballet with a new, contemporary style."
Photo of dancers in "Hearts and Arrows," the second ballet in the "GEMS" series.
"Van Cleef & Arpels has a relationship with dance that dates back to the 1940s and has remained a permanent source of inspiration and fascination for the Maison," Bos continued. "The world of ballet, in particular, was a great inspiration to our jewelers, who wanted to replicate the grace and movement of the dancers in their creations."
Photo of dancers in "Hearts and Arrows," the second ballet in the "GEMS" series.
The second part of Millepied's three-part ballet series is titled "Hearts & Arrows," and in lieu of Stravinsky he's enlisted Philip Glass to compose the score. English conceptual artist and stage designer Liam Gillick created the set. "I think that for Balanchine, 'Jewels' was very much about creating a narrative to express different emotions," Millepied added, in an interview with The Huffington Post.
"This is something that I wanted to maintain in the creation of 'GEMS.' It was not so much about updating the work, but revisiting the concept and structure through a contemporary lens."
Photo of dancers in "Hearts and Arrows," the second ballet in the "GEMS" series.
Millepied's first ballet of the series, titled "Reflections," premiered May 2013 in Paris and was performed earlier this year during L.A. Dance Project's residency at the Ace Hotel in Los Angeles. "For the first part, 'Reflections,' artist Barbara Kruger created a set that captured, the emotion of rubies through its red color," Millepied said. This time around diamonds are the gem of choice.
"I wanted to create something with more complex structures that would capture both the architecture and radiance of the stones."
Photo of dancers in "Hearts and Arrows," the second ballet in the "GEMS" series.
A select crowd was able to witness the international premiere of "Hearts & Arrows" on the heels of Miami Art Basel at the Olympia Theater in Miami’s Gusman Center. Its next stop will be Paris in April 2015, and it will continue touring around the world after that. Ballet buffs, stay tuned for future performances of ballet's most luminescent new work. Until then, enjoy this preview of the images below.
Also on HuffPost:

Does postal chairmans lobbying history pose conflict of interestBy Josh Hicks December 4 Follow @reporter_hicks
The Postal Service could potentially make billions of dollars annually by offering small loans, but private lenders aren’t fond of the idea. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The U.S. Postal Service is in a position to earn billions of dollars a year by entering the payday-loan business, but former banking lobbyist Mickey Barnett could block its path.
Barnett now chairs the USPS Board of Governors. He previously represented the interests of payday lenders, the very folks who stand to lose out if the Postal Service grabs a share of the small-loan market.
By venturing into the loan business, the Postal Service could experience an influx of new revenue after eight straight years of multibillion-dollar losses. Would Barnett support such a move, or would he oppose it because of his old ties to the banking industry?
Either way, the Leadership Conference on Human and Civil Rights  sees a potential conflict of interest. The group issued a letter to all members of the Senate this week urging the lawmakers not to confirm Barnett for another term until he thoroughly explains his positions on payday lending.
“As a past lobbyist for the payday-lending industry, Mr. Barnett has demonstrated a willingness to ignore the public interest in favor of the pecuniary interests of his clients,” the letter said. “He must give assurances that he would not use his position to promote the practices of the industry he previously represented.”
The Leadership Conference also suggested that the Postal Service would be a more trustworthy source of  payday loans , which are cash advances that have to be repaid by the next payday.
The loans are controversial because of their high interest rates and the fact that they often trap low-income individuals in a cycle of debt. A report from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau this years said more than 80 percent of payday loans are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks.
A  report this year from the USPS inspector general said the Postal Service could offer interest rates of 28 percent on payday loans, which would be far lower than the triple-digit rates that traditional lenders charge.
Payday lenders tend to set up shop in African-American and Hispanic communities, which is another reason the Leadership Conference has taken such an interest in Barnett’s stance toward the practice. The group sees an opportunity for the Postal Service, which  Americans largely trust , to provide cash advances in those communities at lower rates.
Barnett joined the postal board in 2006. The previous year, he opposed efforts by the New Mexico legislature to impose stricter regulations on payday lenders, such as limiting delinquency fees and requiring lenders to forgive loans once a customer has paid twice the amount that was borrowed.
Working as an attorney, Barnett argued in one case that borrowers must settle disputes with lenders through arbitration rather than through the courts, and that no such restrictions should apply to lenders. The New Mexico Supreme Court unanimously rejected that position  as “substantively unconscionable and therefore unenforceable.”
The Postal Service has long provided financial services, including money orders and international money transfers. It also offered savings accounts until 1967.
Researchers have estimated that the agency could bring in nearly $9 billion annually by capturing 10 percent of the market from Americans on the fringes of the banking system, according to the inspector general’s report.
But industry groups such as the American Bankers Association have pushed back against further USPS forays into the financial-services, arguing that the agency could have unfair advantages — theoretically through fewer regulations and the perception of being government-endorsed.
Any major policy changes for the Postal Service require congressional approval, so the agency’s board of governors could not act alone on the payday-loan matter. But Barnett would still play a deciding role if the Senate confirms him for another term.
The USPS has not provided a statement from Barnett or a reaction to the Leadership Conference’s concerns, despite several requests from the Federal Eye on Wednesday.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Arbaaz Khan wraps up  Dolly Ki DoliBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 5:01 pm
Actor-filmmaker Arbaaz Khan has heaved a sigh of relief having wrapped up the shooting of his home production ‘Dolly Ki Doli’, featuring Sonam Kapoor, Pulkit Samrat and Rajkummar Rao.
“Wrapped up shoot of #DollyKiDoli, thanks to @sonamakapoor @PulkitSamrat @RajkummarRao @varunsharma90 @abhishekdograa and the entire team,” Arbaaz posted on Twitter.
Meanwhile, Sonam, the lead actress of the film, seemed emotional about the completion of the shoot.
Sharing a photograph with sweets, on the social networking site, she tweeted: “Last day of shoot! @arbaazkhanofficial you cannot do this! thank you #kappy best 1st ad.”
Directed by debutant Abhishek Dogra, ‘Dolly Ki Doli’ also features Varun Sharma. It is slated to release Feb 6, next year.

Kangana Ranaut to play modern day Heer in Aanand L. Rai s next filmBy: BollywoodHungama.com |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:39 pm
Bollywood ‘Queen’ Kangana Ranaut, who is currently shooting with the ‘Tanu Weds Manu’ director Aanand L Rai for the sequel of the same, is all set to act in his next film which will be based on the eternal love story of Heer – Ranjha.
Talking about the film, Aanand said looking at Kangana’s performance in Queen, he wanted the actress to play the role of a modern age Heer in his next and hence decided to write a challenging role that will suit her.  However, he further clarified that the script will take its own course and for now, he doesn’t want to distract himself with it since he is busy shooting for Tanu Weds Manu 2 where Kangana Ranaut will be playing a double role.
Kangana also has other projects to look forward to after Tanu Weds Manu 2 which includes Nikhil Advani’s Katti Batti opposite Imran Khan, Reema Kagti’s Mr. Chaalu with Saif Ali Khan and Sai Kabir’s Divine Lovers with Irrfan Khan.

Why December Is The Best Time Of Year To Look For WorkSavvy job-seekers might know how to write resumes and cover letters, but few are aware of this surprising fact: Contrary to popular belief, December is actually the best time of year to look for work!
There are two compelling reasons why this is true--
#1 Competition levels drop dramatically. The majority of job-seekers figure that the holidays are a waste of time and make only marginal efforts to search for a new position. But their unfortunate mistake can turn into your big advantage because...
#2 Hiring takes off in the New Year. Although interviewing for full-time employees takes a dip in December, the months of January and February typically generate the strongest hiring period of the year. Organizations kick-off new projects and initiatives, budgets are put into place and additional staff is required to carry out the company's plans.
Accordingly, if you take full advantage of the opportunities that the holidays have to offer, you may well find yourself as a sought after candidate--one who's first in line to be interviewed in early January. To ensure you are making the most of this special time of year, here are three holiday practices you will want to adopt:
Practice the art of seasonal schmoozing. The holidays are filled with parties, gatherings, and community events. These are all prime opportunities to mix, mingle and share your story. Be certain, however, that you don't dampen the festivities by trying too hard. Resist the temptation to deliver a rehearsed elevator speech unless you are attending a formal industry event where such introductions would be commonplace. Even then, make sure you judge the mood of the merrymakers before you come across as too stiff or businesslike.
At informal gatherings, a light touch is always best. When asked what you do, you can reply with a snappy one-liner that will pique your listeners' interest. For example, a department store buyer used this playful response when asked about her career, "I shop with other people's money." (You can bet ears perked up with that one!) Once the buyer had the attention of her audience, she then continued with a lengthier description of her skills, experience and job search goals.
Reconnect with old contacts. Holiday cards and folksy letters are not only welcomed, they're expected. Done correctly, they can be a great way of securing new leads and opportunities. After sharing the latest news about your family, you can mention your job search and add a few of the companies you are targeting. Then in a low-key manner, you can let your friends know that you'd appreciate any suggestions or contacts they might have.
You can also send holiday greetings to recruiters you've worked with in the past, reconnect and update them on your search. Recruiters are busy people and can easily forget candidates. So your greeting may well put you at the top of their minds in a favorable light. And, if you are very lucky, they might have the ideal job cross their desk just as your greeting appears in their inbox.
Network in new and innovative ways. Volunteering, seasonal hiring, and all sorts of opportunities present themselves for moving beyond your immediate circle of contacts. Pursue as many of these as you can that will comfortably allow you time for other holiday networking activities. You never know whom you might meet and where such opportunities may lead.
Most of all, remember that your goal is to take full advantage of the serendipity and good will that abounds in December. Join in the seasonal festivities, celebrate with your career goals in mind and anticipate that success may be only weeks away. You just might find yourself ringing in 2015 with a brand new job. And that's a pretty great way to start off the New Year... with a big thanks to the holiday spirit!
Mary Eileen Williams is a Nationally Board Certified Career Counselor with a Master's Degree in Career Development and twenty years' experience assisting midlife jobseekers to achieve satisfying careers. Her book, Land the Job You Love: 10 Surefire Strategies for Jobseekers Over 50 , is a step-by-step guide that shows you how you can turn your age into an advantage and brand yourself for success. Updated in 2014, it's packed with even more critical information aimed at providing mature applicants with the tools they need to gain the edge over the competition and successfully navigate the modern job market. Visit her website at Feisty Side of Fifty.com and celebrate your sassy side!
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Wells Fargo Allegedly Pushed Dangerous Loans On Blacks  HispanicsWells Fargo Deliberately Pushed Dangerous Loans On Blacks, Hispanics: Lawsuit
Posted:
Updated:
12/03/2014 11:59 am EST
Wells Fargo has been accused of targeting minorities with predatory high-cost home loans that pushed them into default and foreclosure.
Cook County, Illinois, which is home to the city of Chicago, filed a lawsuit in federal court on Friday against the nation’s largest mortgage lender. The suit alleges that Wells Fargo contributed to the housing crisis, which the county claims has cost it millions of dollars in lost property tax and the cost of having to deal with abandoned buildings, among other issues. The lawsuit says damages could exceed $300 million.
Wells Fargo deliberately issued home loans with high interest rates and inflated or improper fees to black and Hispanic borrowers, many of whom would not have qualified for a traditional loan, the suit alleges. The lawsuit also charges that the bank did so even when it was clear the borrowers wouldn’t be able to keep up with the costly payment plans.
Such practices are known as “equity stripping,” the suit says, because they “stripped and continue to strip borrower home equity.” As a result, the chances that minority borrowers would fall behind on payments or be forced to submit to foreclosures were increased, it said.
Between 2000 and August 2014, Wells Fargo allegedly made about 55,000 loans to minority homeowners in Cook County that are suspected of being predatory and discriminatory, according to a statement released by Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle and Cook County State Attorney Anita Alvarez.
Wells Fargo vehemently denies the allegations, calling them “baseless.” “It’s disappointing they chose to pursue a lawsuit against Wells Fargo rather than collaborate together to help borrowers and home owners in the County,” company spokesman Tom Goyda told HuffPost in a prepared statement.
“Wells Fargo’s team members live and work in the Chicago area and we stand behind our record as a fair and responsible lender,” Goyda said, adding that the company has an $8.2 million down payment assistance grant program that “helped create 547 new homeowners” in Cook County over the past two years.
“We will vigorously defend ourselves and continue to focus on helping customers succeed financially and expanding homeownership in Illinois and across the United States,” he added.
The suit alleges that Wells Fargo violated the Fair Housing Act, a federal law that prohibits race-based discrimination by mortgage lenders.
Cook County has walked this path before: Preckwinkle and Alvarez filed very similar suits earlier this year against HSBC and Bank Of America. Bank Of America spokesman Richard Simon said there “is no basis” for the claims the lawsuit makes. HSBC did not return a request for comment to HuffPost.
In the past, cities including Baltimore and Miami have also sued Wells Fargo and other banks on allegations of discriminatory home lending practices. A lawsuit brought by Baltimore against Wells Fargo charging that the bank steered minority homeowners into costly loan agreements and also charged minorities higher interest rates and fees than white borrowers with the same credit scores was ultimately settled in 2012 for $175 million .
More recently, though, a judge dismissed a suit from the city of Miami against the bank, saying there was no standing to sue under the Fair Housing Act and that the suit had been brought too late, according to Bloomberg News.
(Hat tip Consumerist )
More:

Arvind Kejriwal FIR: Delhi govt gas price policy  absurd   avers Reliance IndustriesSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) today told the Delhi High Court that the city government’s decision to probe the Centre’s policy on gas pricing was a “peculiar” and “absurd” situation.
The submission was made before Justice V K Shali by senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi who appeared for Reliance Industries which has challenged the then Arvind Kejriwal-led Delhi government’s decision to lodge an FIR relating to alleged irregularities in raising the price of gas from the company’s KG6 basin.
UPA ministers M Veerappa Moily and Murli Deora, RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani and others were named in the FIR.
Delhi government had also alleged that the UPA government “favoured” RIL with an eye on the 2014 general elections and BJP maintained “silence” hoping to gain corporate funding for the polls. The charges have been denied by RIL and others.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for the persons on whose complaint the FIR was lodged, had said the July 23, 2014, the notification on the powers of the powers of the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) amounted to diluting its powers.
The July 23 notification has limited the ACB’s powers to probe graft cases to the extent that it can investigate only city government officials and not those of the Centre.
The notification was violative of the Criminal Procedure Code, Bhushan said and added the Centre did not have the power to issue the same with respect to ACB.
Delhi government, on its part, opposed RIL’s submission saying it was only investigating a criminal complaint and central government officials may come in the sweep of its probe.
The Centre, meanwhile, said it is still awaiting instructions on whether the notification will have prospective effect.
After hearing the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on January 21, 2015.
The court was also hearing pleas filed by the Centre and Deora, apart from RIL, against the FIR lodged by ACB.
The UPA-II government had moved the court for quashing of the FIR, saying ACB of Delhi government has “no powers or jurisdiction to investigate” complaints against the union government’s decision to fix prices of natural gas.
It had said Delhi government should have approached CBI as it is an appropriate agency for investigation of such cases.
Deora, in his plea filed through advocate Karthik Nayar, has also challenged some earlier notifications, including one of 1993 by which ACB has been given the jurisdiction and power to probe graft cases.
Earlier, Delhi government had submitted before the court that it had received a clarification from the Home Ministry on September 30, 2014, that the notification will have prospective effect.
Delhi government had also stated on affidavit that in 2004, the Centre had signed a long-term gas supply agreements between NTPC and the private firm at the rate of USD 2.34 per mmBtu and later in 2007, the price of gas was fixed at USD 4.24 per mmBtu.
It had also said that later, the gas price, to be paid to the firms with effect from April 1, 2014, was again hiked to USD 8.4 per mmBtu and added that the cost incurred, however, is less than USD 1 per mmBtu.
TAGS: Arvind Kejriwal Mukesh Ambani Reliance Industries
More from companies

Thirty-year fixed rate tumbles to lowest level in 19 months as mortgage rates fallBy Kathy Orton December 4 Follow @KathyOrtonWP
(Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press)
Lackluster economic reports pushed mortgage rates down this week, according to the latest data released Thursday by Freddie Mac.
The 30-year fixed rate average dropped to its lowest level in 19 months, tumbling to 3.89 percent with an average 0.5 point. The last time it was this low was May 30, 2013. The 30-year fixed rate was 3.97 percent a week ago and 4.46 percent a year ago. It was the third week in a row it has remained below 4 percent.
The 15-year fixed-rate average slid to 3.1 percent with an average 0.5 point, its lowest level in six weeks. It was 3.17 percent a week ago and 3.47 percent a year ago.
Hybrid adjustable rate mortgages also fell. The five-year ARM average sank to 2.94 percent with an average 0.5 point, dipping below 3 percent for the first time in a month. It was 3.01 percent a week ago and 2.99 percent a year ago.
The one-year ARM average slipped to 2.41 percent with an average 0.4 point. It was 2.44 percent a week ago.
“Mortgage rates were down across the board on a week of underwhelming economic releases,” Frank E. Nothaft, Freddie Mac vice president and chief economist, said in a statement.
“New home sales missed consensus expectations by selling at an annual pace of 458,000 units in October and the National Association of Realtors reported that pending home sales dipped in October by 1.1 percent. The ADP’s estimate for payroll growth in November was 208,000 jobs, under expectations of 225,000.”
Meanwhile, mortgage applications slumped this past week, according to the latest data from the Mortgage Bankers Association.
The market composite index, a measure of total loan application volume, decreased 7.3 percent. The refinance index dropped 13 percent, while the purchase index increased 3 percent.
The refinance share of mortgage activity accounted for 60 percent of all applications.
Kathy Orton is a reporter and Web editor for the Real Estate section. She covers the Washington metropolitan area housing market.

Verizon Uses  Title II  as a Cash Machine Today -- It Harms Customers  Not InvestmentsVerizon's Open Internet Comments , Excerpts, July 15, 2014
"Imposing a Title II common carriage regime on broadband providers would be a radical change in course that would only chill, not spur innovation. Title II is a regulatory dinosaur, crafted eighty years ago - and based on 19th-Century laws regulating railroads - to address the one-wire world of rotary telephones. All of the hallmarks of Title II..."
You've been lied to. It's that simple. This is a direct excerpt from a Verizon NY cable franchise agreement, 2014, and it is similar, if not identical to every other Verizon state-based fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) deployment.
Background
You probably heard about "Net Neutrality" or something called "Title II." Simply put: In 2004-2005, the FCC closed the networks to direct competition by changing the classification of the wires from a "telecommunications" (Title II) service, to an "Information service," (Title I) -- i.e., today you can not pick your own ISP, cable TV or broadband provider over the wires coming into your home or office. Before 2004, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 opened the phone wires to all forms of competitors -- and broadband was always Title II and was always telecommunications. An "information service" doesn't the same obligations.
Closing the networks caused Net Neutrality issues. Verizon can block most competition and control the wires and the services, including your broadband, Internet and cable TV service. This gives them the power to create "fast lanes" or "prioritize" -- or all of those other buzz words you've been hearing about.
Meanwhile, there has been a call to return, i.e., "reclassify" the wires back to Title II to solve Net Neutrality (with caveats). But it is not necessary for Verizon; Verizon fooled everyone and never changed their classification.  The language in the example above is similar, if not identical to Verizon's agreements in every state we checked.
Verizon Uses Title II to Charge Phone Customers and Get Rights-of Way.
We uncovered that Verizon has lied to the FCC, the courts and to the media as Verizon's entire fiber optic networks have been and continue to be classified as "Title II" in state-based proceedings. Verizon did this (and got the state regulators to agree) so that Verizon can use the state utility rights-of-way and, at least in New York State, charge phone customers extra for network upgrades used by FiOS, Verizon's fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) fiber optic service, among other expenses. The sick part -- these rate increases are on all phone customers in the State, from low income families, seniors and minorities, to small businesses -- everyone with phone service.
FACT: Title II doesn't harm investment.  It is a cash machine and has made customers defacto investors in the networks -- networks that they may never get as Verizon announced it is no longer upgrading their networks for FiOS by replacing the aging copper wires with fiber optic landlines.
FACT: This use of Title II is in direct contradiction to every Verizon statement, filing, not to mention the statements, reports, filings and tweets of the phone companies' paid consultants, analysts, associations and astroturf groups that all claim that Title II harms investment.
Verizon's Financial Shell Game Exposed.
But this is only part of the story. At the heart of this is a massive financial shell game, maneuvering billions of dollars per state through the flows of money between and among Verizon's utility networks, such as Verizon New York, and Verizon's other affiliate companies, including Verizon Wireless, Verizon Online, Verizon Business and other Verizon entities.
And this is done by using different classifications for different services to manipulate the flows of money. The fiber networks are being built as Title II so that some, if not most of the construction expenses of these other affiliate companies' can be placed into the utility and charged to customers, while the company uses other 'classifications' to have most of the revenues NOT go to pay for construction but into different financial buckets -- a shell game, which we will expose in detail in the upcoming articles.
There are those who will say that, of course the networks can have different services with different classifications at the same time (i.e., a cable service is classified as "Title VI"). These 'experts' and pundits have not bothered to 'follow the money'. Moreover, many confuse the physical networks, the wiring that goes into homes, offices, and in the streets, or connect to the cell sites and hot spots -- with services that ride over these wires. Simply put: The "Internet" is not the wired network; it is a service that uses the Title II networks. However, as we uncovered, words like 'networks' and 'services' are intertwined or are substituted by Verizon and even the regulators, which confuses this situation even more.
Let me lay out why the FCC and every state commission must immediately start investigations into Verizon's deception about the use Title II and why everyone reading this should make sure that the FCC and that the media wakes up to properly investigate the facts we are about to present; it is not just about Net Neutrality but the future of communications in the US -- from the services you pay for, or whether you can even get them or not.
I've divided this tale up into multiple articles.
To read the full story, see: The Book of Broken Promises which was written to supply all of the gory details of the history of broadband in America, how we ended up in this place, and what we should do about it.
Part 1:  Proving the Fiber-to-the-Premises Networks Were Constructed as Title II and Funded by Customers.
1) Verizon Charged Residential Phone Customers for the Deployment of Fiber Optics.
In 2009 we came across a decision by the New York State Public Service Commission (NYPSC) to allow Verizon New York to increase basic residential phone rates for "massive deployment of fiber optics".
According to the NYPSC , June 2009:
"'We are always concerned about the impacts on ratepayers of any rate increase, especially in times of economic stress,' said Commission Chairman Garry Brown. 'Nevertheless, there are certain increases in Verizon's costs that have to be recognized. This is especially important given the magnitude of the company's capital investment program, including its massive deployment of fiber optics in New York. We encourage Verizon to make appropriate investments in New York, and these minor rate increases will allow those investments to continue'." (Emphasis added).
As we dug further we found that this was not the first but the third increase on residential rates -- over 84% increase on basic phone rates starting in 2006, and there was 100-300% increases on other related services, such as unlisted numbers or inside wire maintenance.
See: Verizon New York Basic Service Rates: 1980-2012
Finding these increases started what has become a five-year investigation into Verizon's business practices by New Networks Institute's independent expert team, and it is continuing today as it relates directly to current telecom and Internet policy issues, including Net Neutrality.
2) Verizon NY's SEC Reports Details that the Networks are Telecommunications -- I.E., Title II, and it Includes FiOS TV.
Here is a direct excerpt from Verizon NY's SEC 4th quarter report for investors for 2010; the language is similar, if not identical to all of the other Verizon territory holdings, including NJ, PA, MA, etc. It says -- Verizon provides telecommunications services (Title II) and it includes the FTTP networks for FiOS TV.
Note: Nowhere does the SEC report discuss how Title I or Title VI applies -- as they don't; the networks are Title II.
3) Even in the Verizon Cable Franchise Agreements, the FTTP Networks are Title II.
We uncovered that in every state we examined, besides these SEC reports that details that the FIOS TV networks are based on telecommunications (Title II), Verizon also details that the FTTP, fiber-to-the-premises networks, that are used to offer cable services ("Title VI") are also based on Title II.
Verizon New Jersey's Cable franchise Agreement, 2014:
"Verizon NJ has been upgrading its telecommunications facilities in large portions of its telecommunications service territory so that cable television services may be provider over these facilities This upgrade consists of deploying fiver optic facilities directly to the subscriber premises. The construction of Verizon NJ's fiber-to-the-premises FTTP network (the FTTP network) is being performed under the authority of Title II of the Communications Act of 1934 and under the appropriate state telecommunications authority granted to Verizon N by the board and under chapters 3 and 17 of the Department of Public Utilities Act of 1948. The FTTP network uses fiber optic cable and optical electronics to directly link homes to the Verizon NJ networks... Pursuant to the NJSA 45:5A-15, telecommunication service providers currently authorized to provide service in new Jersey do not require approval to upgrade their facilities for the provision of cable television service."
4) NY State PSC Decision: The FTTP Networks are Telecommunications.
In a 2005 proceeding at the NYPSC , Verizon claimed the networks were Title II, telecommunications, and that it only needed to be classified as a cable company, 'Title VI', once the company was offering cable service. The State wrote:
"Verizon claims that its FTTP network is not a cable television system as defined under federal and state law. Rather, Verizon asserts that it is conducting a network upgrade to its existing telecommunications system for voice and broadband services...Verizon argues that it has the requisite authority to conduct this upgrade under its existing state telephone rights."
And the conclusion of NYPSC was that Verizon's FTTP networks are Title II.
This means that the FTTP networks are built first, then the cable service, which rides over these networks, and not the other way around.
5) Different 'Titles" Over the Same Wire are Used to Manipulate the Financials and Public Policies.
There are many who commented to us that the services can have different 'classifications' over the wire.  For example, Verizon's cable TV service is classified as Title VI, while Verizon's Online Internet service is Title I, an information service. But, if Verizon claimed that these networks were, say, a cable TV service, (Title VI), then they couldn't be built using the telecommunications rights-of-way of the state utility nor have the construction budgets paid for by customers. In fact, the cable part of company didn't pay for the construction.
This is the summary written by the NYPSC, 2005, claiming a) Verizon is building the networks as Title II, that b) it uses the telecommunications rights of way, and b) that it isn't a 'cable service' until it 'enters head-to-head competition'.  I've kept the entire quote to make this point clear.
"Second, Verizon objects to the imposition of cable franchising requirements upon its FTTP network until Verizon actually enters head-to-head competition with cable companies, because Verizon is already subject to entirely different regimes. Verizon has already obtained the legal right to use the rights-of-way to upgrade and maintain its existing telephone system. Verizon has maintained its telecommunications network for years under its existing authorizations and consents. The record here suggests that Verizon has the requisite authority from local governments to use the public rights-of-way and that municipalities have sufficient legal authority over Verizon's upgrade activities as a telephone company to properly manage their rights-of-way. Verizon has represented in its pleadings that it is subject to local oversight. Municipal governance over rights-of-way is still in effect and Verizon must adhere to those requirements.
"Accordingly, to the extent the network upgrade to further Verizon's telecommunication service is consistent with pre-existing rights-of-way authorizations, and inasmuch as Verizon's activities are subject to municipal oversight and do not involve plant used exclusively for cable nor do they involve the offering of broadcast programming for hire, we do not construe Article 11 as mandating that Verizon must first obtain cable franchises to construct its FTTP network. Thus, we conclude that Verizon does not need to obtain a cable franchise at this time. However, should Verizon seek to install plant in its network that can only be used exclusively for cable or offer for hire broadcast programming, we conclude that Verizon's network would then constitute a cable television system requiring cable franchises prior to any further build-out."
To sum up:
Title II is a cash machine today; it doesn't harm investment.
Customers are the defacto investors because it is classified as Title II.
All of the other services did NOT pay for the deployment of the fiber networks, including the cable service or the Internet service.
Verizon failed to disclose these facts to the FCC, courts and the public in any comments, filings, blogs or statements.
Next articles: Follow the Money: Verizon's Financial Shell Game Exposed, and a lot more.
More:

GOP: Thanks for Electing Us  and Screw Youreddit
With the midterms behind them and some significant wins for conservatives, Congress wasted no time last week in doing what they do best -- screwing America's middle class and working poor.
Every year Congress ritualistically renews a package of "temporary" tax breaks for corporations in a process commonly referred to as "tax extenders" because they extend temporary tax breaks. This year, however, they want to make these breaks permanent -- particularly the ones that benefit large corporations and political donors. It's a process that the Washington Post refers to as "a periodic bonanza for lobbyists ."
This particular bonanza is in the neighborhood of $450 billion.
It's a fiscal potpourri made up of some items that are large and rational (a business credit for research and development) and some that are small and parochial (a break on auto racetracks).
The majority of the loopholes and breaks are nothing more than handouts to the already rich and super rich. Depreciation tax breaks for people who own racehorses and loopholes that encourage corporations to move their profits offshore.
Maryland Representative Chris Van Hollen pointed out that companies renouncing their U.S. citizenship would benefit substantially from these breaks, saying:
The package would provide a permanent boon to large corporations, even those that renounce their U.S. citizenship and invert. And adding insult to injury, the proposed deal chooses to leave behind working families and would make things harder for millions of Americans.
These breaks and loopholes, unlike ones in the past, will not be paid for -- they'll just add to the deficit.
Remember when Congress rejected extending long-term unemployment benefits or couldn't approve fixing the country's infrastructure because it wasn't "paid for"? Even disaster relief was held up because it wasn't "paid for." Somehow, $450 billion for corporations and people who own racehorses isn't as big of a deal.
The deal also has some cuts that will harm the very voters who elected the new bunch into office in this last round -- those that benefit from the Earned-Income Credit and the Child Tax Credit, both of which were expanded by Obama's stimulus package in 2009.
According to the New York Times :
Left off were the two tax breaks valued most by liberal Democrats: a permanently expanded earned-income credit and a child tax credit for the working poor. Friday night, Republican negotiators announced they would exclude those measures as payback for the president's executive order on immigration, saying a surge of newly legalized workers would claim the credit, tax aides from both parties said.
So, because there are some people coming into this country who might benefit from these tax breaks, we're going to take them away from people who have relied on them to survive? The problem with this line of reasoning is while it may serve to satisfy an urge for vengeance, it assumes that all of the potential immigrants who will benefit from Obama's executive order are poor and it harms the very people who elected this Congress.
According to a study by the Public Religion Research Institute, white working-class voters (specifically those without college degrees and working hourly wage jobs) voted for Republicans over Democrats in a 61 percent to 26 percent margin. Another study by the National Bureau of Economic Research showed that a vast majority of people who receive the Earned Income Tax Credit are white and earn enough money to see their taxes go up without the credit. The Child Tax Credit, also extended in 2009 to make more working-class families eligible, would affect more families in poverty -- 50 percent of whom are white.
Once again the people of this fine country have voted against their own best interest and Congress has not disappointed them.
Also on the list of those left to expire are credits to develop wind power, deemed unfair by the oil and gas companies who receive billions in subsidies as it is. Maybe not ironically, this comes just as the cost of providing electricity from wind and solar energy has become more affordable than coal or natural gas. Much of this was made possible by the subsidies that are set to expire.
The Koch brothers, who have raked in billions from their fossil fuel empire, have been throwing piles of money at Congress to put a stop to this wind thing.
According to Politico :
Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity, Heritage Action for America and others want Republicans to capitalize on their election victory by killing some of the tax "extenders" they've long hated, such as a one subsidizing the wind energy industry. Americans for Prosperity said it will spend $200,000 targeting 25 House Republicans on the wind issue. Among them: Reps. Gus Bilirakis (Fla.), Larry Bucshon (Ind.), Renee Ellmers (N.C.) and Michael Turner (Ohio). Koch brothers representatives have met with House Speaker John Boehner's staff in recent weeks to urge him to dump the provision.
Thankfully, President Obama has promised to veto the bill . According to Roll Call , the deputy White House press secretary, Jen Friedman, said, "The president would veto the proposed deal because it would provide permanent tax breaks to help well-connected corporations while neglecting working families."
According to the article, it could also potentially turn Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp's (R-MI) own tax reform plan into a $450 billion tax increase, presumably violating the Americans for Tax Reform's pledge, signed by most Republicans, to not raise taxes. Not that they've historically been concerned about keeping promises or honoring pledges.
Obama has some support in this action by a handful of liberal Democrats in Congress. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) was on MSNBC's The Ed Show Tuesday night and while he says he supports the president's threat to veto the bill he disagrees with the premise that the bill was designed to screw working families purely out of spite.
When Ed Shultz asked Sanders if he bought into the conversation that these actions were to get back at the president for his executive action on immigration, Sanders responded, "Nah. I think this is part of the general republican DNA. Their job is to protect the interests of the wealthy and most powerful corporations in America and they could care less about low income working families."
So once again, whether their actions are based on something as simple as political DNA or a plot to retaliate against the president by taking hostages and wiping out villages, Congress, led by the GOP, is working hard to hurt the very people who elected them and helping the ones who got them elected.
Apparently, working in the best interest of their constituents is considered an unnatural act.
Read more at nowitcounts.com
Follow Richard Zombeck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/zombeck
More:

India s domestic air traffic grew by over 16 pct in Oct: IATAIcra: Average tariff  hike in FY15 a paltry 6% in 75% of states
Market stimulation by local airlines helped domestic air traffic in India grow by 16.3 per cent, more than China, in October compared to the same period last year, according to data released by International Air Transport Association (IATA) today.
“Indian domestic traffic climbed 16.3 per cent. Although this was a considerable slowdown compared to September year- over-year growth of 26.4 per cent, it was still a strong result and reflects market stimulation by local carriers,” IATA said.
Global domestic travel demand rose by 5.8 per cent in October compared to the same month last year with the strongest growth occurring in China, which saw a 10 per cent growth, and India, the release said.
Domestic carriers have been from the beginning of the year offering low fares through a series of discounted ticket schemes to stimulate demand.
According to DGCA data released last month, domestic airlines flew 59.25 lakh passengers in October this year as compared to 50.08 lakh passengers during the same period in 2013. The number of passengers carried by domestic airlines during the January-October period was 550.68 lakh as against 507.03 lakh in the year-ago period.
According to the IATA data for October, international passenger demand rose 5.5 per cent during the period compared to the same month last year, with airlines in all regions except Africa recording growth, IATA said.
African airlines’ traffic contracted 1.6 per cent in October, it said, adding that the weakness reflects adverse economic developments in some parts of the continent.
However, the improving outlook for South Africa could ease some of the downward pressure on the continent’s carriers, IATA said.
“This weekend marks International Civil Aviation Day. And next month will begin the second century of commercial aviation. These are fitting moments to pause and reflect upon the reliance of the global economy on connectivity. Even more important is the challenge to prepare for the future by ensuring that the industry has a smart regulatory environment, cost-efficient infrastructure and a reasonable tax obligation,” said IATA director general and chief executive, Tony Tyler.
TAGS: DGCA
More from economy

RBI orders banks to adopt easy norms for quick roll out of m-banking servicesIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today asked banks to make registration process for mobile banking services easy and activate services at the earliest to expand the reach of mobile banking in the country.
Releasing the operative guidelines for mobile banking transactions, RBI said there is a slow pick-up of mobile banking services despite the high mobile density in the country and banks should strive to provide options for easy registration for mobile banking services to their customers.
RBI said there is a need for a greater degree of standardisation for on-boarding of customers for such services for new customers as well as existing account holders whose mobile numbers are available but are not registered for mobile banking.
It said banks may quicken mobile pin (MPIN) generation process by giving customers option to change MPIN at ATMs, using MPIN mailers (like PIN mailers for cards) or they may also develop a common website as an industry initiative.
“Banks are also advised to undertake customer education and awareness programme in multiple languages through different channels of communication to popularise their process of mobile banking registration/activation and its usage,” RBI added.
It said banks can also use their Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system and phone banking channels, mails, SMS, website, kiosks, social media to promote and facilitate registration and activation of customers for mobile banking.
“Through ATM channel an alert / message can be given (at the ATM itself) by banks when the customer transacts at the ATM, that she/he has not registered any mobile number with the bank,” RBI added.
TAGS: Mobile Banking Reserve Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Leh and Rishikesh in Tripadvisor s Asia  top 10 destinations on rise  listIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
Tripadvisor has revealed the Travellers’ Choice Destinations on the Rise for 2015 – 2013 winner from India ‘Jaipur (#9)’ knocked off this year.
This list includes 52 spots around the world that have seen the greatest increase in positive feedback and interest from the TripAdvisor community, year-over-year.
This year two Indian destinations have made it to the coveted list, Leh (Rank # seven) and Rishikesh (Rank #10) as opposed to just one last year. In addition to Asia and world, Travellers’ Choice Destinations on the Rise lists were also unveiled for the US, Europe, South America, and the South Pacific.
“The TripAdvisor community has helped surface some unheralded destinations across the globe that are receiving rave reviews from travellers worldwide,” said Barbara Messing, chief marketing officer for TripAdvisor.
Travellers’ Choice Destinations on the Rise – Asia
1. Da Nang, Vietnam
Located between Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, this destination is known for its tranquil beaches, culinary tours, and Buddhist sanctuaries. TripAdvisor reviewers suggest a visit to the historic Marble Mountains where the ‘panoramic scenery is breathtaking.’ For an authentic Vietnamese meal, travellers should not miss Lam Vien Restaurant. (122 Hotels, 203 Restaurants, 74 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$51.04)
2. Sihanoukville, Cambodia
Surrounded by the Bay of Thailand, Sihanoukville is a spectacular beach town that offers premier snorkelling and diving. TripAdvisor reviewers describe Ream National Park as ‘a true tropical forest.’ After exploring, travellers should check out Martini Beach, a great place to eat and marvel at the sunset. (53 Hotels, 197 Restaurants, 61 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$99.35)
3. Ao Nang, Thailand
Beloved by travellers for its world class beaches and water sports, Ao Nang in Krabi is quickly growing in popularity. One TripAdvisor reviewer described Phra Nang Beach as ‘beautiful, clean and pristine. In between swimming and sun bathing, travellers are invited to dine on incredible Thai food at Tom Ma Yom, which offers prawns, papaya salad, and more. (87 Hotels, 157 Restaurants, 78 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$68.40)
4. Naha, Japan
Located on the southern coast of Okinawa Island, Naha is known for its historic monuments and majestic gardens. One traveller noted that Shurijo Castle has been rebuilt to give visitors a ‘real feel’ for ancient castles. TripAdvisor reviewers also rave about the traditional Okinawan cuisine at Yunangi noting, ‘It’s well worth the wait.’ (102 Hotels, 1,059 Restaurants, 82 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$84.38)
5. Malé, Maldives
As the island capital of Maldives, Male has its own distinctive character where travellers can have a taste of true Maldivian culture before heading out to the archipelago of islands. TripAdvisor reviewers describe the Old Friday Mosque as containing ‘one of the most important woodcarvings and laquerwork in the country. Hungry travellers can drop by Sala Thai Restaurant. (38 Hotels, 89 Restaurants, 24 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$275.20)
6. Baku, Azerbaijan
From its time as a Persian capital to its Soviet occupation, Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan, is steeped in heritage. Visit Old City Baku to explore its maze of little cobble-stoned streets, caravansaries, palaces, churches and mosques, as well as the Maiden’s Tower, a UNESCO World Heritage Site which is also one of the most noted landmarks and Azerbaijan’s most distinctive national symbol. (92 Hotels, 51 Restaurants, 213 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$162.64)
7. Leh, India
Surrounded by mountains, Leh is a picturesque city that used to be the capital of the Himalayan kingdom of Ladakh. With monasteries such as Thiksey Monastery in close proximity for travellers looking for a spiritual retreat and peace and positivity, the landscape of Leh also provides of numerous adventure activities. (51 Hotels, 53 Restaurants, 52 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$85.21)
8. Kandy, Sri Lanka
Kandy was the last capital of the ancient kings of Sri Lanka before becoming a British colony in 1815. The city still retains much of the Sinhalese tradition, and was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1988. Travellers looking for a place to rest can visit Slightly Chilled Lounge Bar for the excellent view of Kandy lake and the surrounding city. (50 Hotels, 73 Restaurants, 75 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$107.27)
9. Yerevan, Armenia
Yerevan has been the capital of Armenia since 1918. The city is immensely rich in history, having been under Arab, Ottoman, Persian and Soviet rule in the past. TripAdvisor reviewers recommend a visit to The Museum of Ancient Manuscripts for excellent display of many Armenian documents going back over a thousand years. For a taste of Armenian cuisine with a French twist, travellers should not miss The Club Yerevan. (50 Hotels, 279 Restaurants, 73 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$125.97)
10. Rishikesh, India
Rishikesh, located at the base of the Himalayas, is also famously known as the World Capital of Yoga, drawing visitors from all around the world including The Beatles in the 1960s. The Beatles Ashram is the exact site that the Beatles visited almost 50 years ago which TripAdvisor reviewers describe as having a great and powerful energy. For an eatery with a similar relaxing ambience, travellers can visit Bistro Nirvana for a meal. (40 Hotels, 68 Restaurants, 66 Attractions (Average nightly hotel rate: US$59.62)
TAGS: TripAdvisor
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1-cr pa offersDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IIT Kanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them — three boys and a girl student — at the premier technological institute here is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made yesterday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
“The offer to these four students was for a take home of USD 150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly,” Philip told PTI today.
“The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
“The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer,” added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying “this brings unnecessary attention to the student”.
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till Dec. 24.
TAGS: IIT Kanpur
More from industry

NSE Nifty to hit 9 500 by end-2015 on capital inflows: Goldman SachsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Top US brokerage Goldman Sachs today said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country which is expected to become fastest-growing large emerging market economy in the 2016-18 period.
“We stay overweight on cyclical recovery and reform progress and expects Nifty to reach 9,500 at end-2015,” Goldman Sachs Chief Asia Pacific Regional Equity Strategist Timothy Moe told reporters here.
The 50-share NSE benchmark index today ended at 8,564.
“We forecast a large balance of payments surplus in 2015 driven by a narrowing of the current account deficit and strong capital inflows. We forecast mid-teens earnings growth in 2015-16 largely driven by banks, IT and a few cyclical sectors,” he said.
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia’s third largest economy.
FDI flows are to be driven by improving medium term growth prospects, removal of restrictions of flows and (investment) commitments by Japan, the US and China over the past few months. We estimate a balance of payments surplus of about USD 50 billion in 2015, it said.
“The headline CPI inflation likely to fall in 2015 to 5.8 per cent from 7.3 per cent in 2014, driven by lower commodity prices. This would provide some room for the RBI to cut policy rates by 50 bps in H12015,” Goldman Sachs Chief India Economist Tushar Poddar said.
“We are also positive on the Indian rupee due to our expectation of a large balance of payment surplus, driven by somewhat narrower current account deficit as well as large FDI and portfolio inflows,” Poddar said.
Expectation of an increase in investments in 2015 is based on easier financial conditions, government measures to remove red-tape and focus on boosting investment, he said.
The brokerage forecast the economy to expand by 6.3 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016.
“Our forecasts imply India will become the fastest growing large emerging market economy over the 2016-18 period, overtaking China,” it said.
TAGS: Goldman Sachs NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Verizon Shuts Down SugarStringreddit
Verizon has reportedly shut down its controversial tech site SugarString.
The site was Verizon's attempt at entering the burgeoning world of online tech-news, similar in mission to tech-lifestyle outlets like Wired or Motherboard. SugarString first drew criticism in October, however, when the Daily Dot reported that the site's writers were not permitted to cover stories pertaining to Net Neutrality or U.S. spying practices, two issues in which Verizon is deeply enmeshed .
"Downside is there are two verboten topics (spying and net neutrality), but I've been given a pretty wide berth to cover pretty much all other topics that touch tech in some way," editor Cole Stryker wrote in an email to a writer, which broke the initial story. "So that's pretty much it as far as content restrictions go. The upside is that we have a big budget to pay people well, make video documentaries, and other fun shit."
DSL Report reported that SugarString would cease operations Wednesday morning, and Verizon later confirmed the news with The New York Times .
“As you know, we’ve always said this was a pilot project," read a statement. "And as with any pilot project, we evaluate, take our learnings, improve our execution and move forward.”
More:

Things Got Tense Between Russell Brand And This ReporterA tense exchange between Russell Brand and a news reporter at a rally in London ended with the actor calling the reporter a "snide."
Brand appeared at a gathering Monday to protest the potential eviction of residents from a complex in east London . But the comedian and actor seemed to become more of the story when Channel 4 News reporter Paraic O’Brien noted that the super-rich were driving up housing costs. He asked Brand what he paid for his place and suggested Brand was part of the problem.
Here's a journalism 101 lesson: Ask a confrontational question, be prepared for a confrontation. (Watch the exchange, above.)
The Guardian reported that Brand later chided himself for engaging with the journalist. " I'm so easily wound up, " he told the news program "Trews."
O'Brien also addressed the incident, saying:
3/3 Is it my job to test tension between private circumstances & publicly held views of celebrities?
Yes
— Paraic O'Brien (@paraicobrien) December 1, 2014
More:

How to Avoid "Us" vs. "Them" Thinking in Your Teamreddit
Most of us like working together as part of a team. There is the bond of a shared goal. Collaboration. Respect for one another. It can be productive and fulfilling. But NOT if it is at the expense of the company at large.
This week we address the "us" vs "them" issue in response to a question from one of the leaders who reads our blog, LeadershipCourageFun! Feel free to share your experiences, too. You know - together we are a well of knowledge.
"I wonder if you could give me some advice on how to avoid the "us" vs. "them" mentality on our team? I recently started a new role as principal of a hi-tech company. It's an exciting and challenging position. There is a lot of potential. After only a few weeks into my new job, I realized there was a strong sense of "us " and "them" division in the organization. It would have been ok if the "us" were all of us, and the "them" was our competitor. Sadly, that is not the case. The "us" and "them" scenario divides the entire company in two: The sales/marketing-people on one side; tech/development-staff on the other. Neither acknowledges the important job the "other" plays in order to mutually succeed. It saddens me to see how much energy we spend on working against each other, instead of fighting the everyday challenges together. What do you suggest I do?
A: First - we totally agree with your concern that this is an important adjustment to make in order to succeed. The reason why we end up in a situation like this? It is a result of the power of in-group bias. "People tend to hold positive attitudes towards members of their own groups." Thank you, Wikipedia.
Rivalry and competition in an organization can be positive. The question is whether it is done in friendly ways that accelerate improvement and performance. Or is it a negative force that fosters uncertainty and lack of trust?
It boils down to a matter of culture. Or more precisely, the lack of defining a culture that is good for the organization. The problem in this case is that subgroups within a group have established an internal cultural code that is stronger than the core group they all belong to. And you're totally right, the full potential of the core group (your organization) suffers.
Changing cultural behaviors takes time and persistence, but it is possible. You should look at it like a process. There is a starting point, short- and long-term objectives, and a moveable finish line so you can make adjustments as you go. If you are confident in facilitating involving processes, you can do this yourself. If not, hire a facilitator to help you.
Do not do this alone. Bring your concern to your executive team. If you do not have an executive team, assemble a task force with people who recognize the need to do things differently. Let them know why you want to start this process, how you are going to do it and that you need their support.
Find an external "enemy." Use this group to look at your company's situation and define/establish some external treats. Directing awareness toward a mutual, external "enemy" often builds the necessary momentum for a change.
Let your employees know that you expect them to join forces in order to "fight" this challenge - together. Let them understand how you see the situation. Know that it might not always be easy to collaborate and support each other. But that is the goal.
Engage people. Perform workshops where you gather people from different parts of the organization. Try to find solutions to questions like "What actions can we take to build a strong mutual team?", "What positive aspects of the culture do we want to see more of?", "What kind of behavior do we accept (and what do we not tolerate)" etc. Focus on the positive outcome. Let them decide on the next steps that can be implemented immediately.
Who are the boycotters? Be aware that you might have some people on your team who are actively disengaged. These are your boycotters. Talk to them one-on-one. Make it clear this is not acceptable. If they bully in public, confront them in public. Ask them what they are doing and why. This allows the rest of your team to see that you do not accept this kind of behavior. If nothing helps, find a way to replace them.
The Progress Principle . Make sure to acknowledge your progress, celebrate your wins, and keep up the good work. Things will eventually change.
But don't forget to take a look in the mirror. Culture is contagious. The higher up in the organization, the more it influences. Whatever you want to change or strengthen in your organization, make sure you act as a guiding star. If you need more collaboration, ask your executive team to step up. Get everyone integrated and involved. After all, this is involving leadership.
This blog post is also published in the blog LeadershipCourageFun . It is written by Kristine Maudal and Even Fossen, founders of Brainwells and creators of the online leadership program FutureLeadershipNow .
We have a common passion for making the corporate world a better place, and do this by training executives and executive teams in how to become Involving Leaders. Daily we experience magic moments when people exceed their own expectations due to new insights and skills. With love and care we'll share this magic with you. Thank you for being here.
All photos © Brainwells
Follow Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells) on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainwells
More:

Could the Oil Price Crash Kill Keystone XLreddit
In late November, the lame-duck Congress came within one vote in the Senate of sending a bill to the President mandating approval of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. That project would bring oil produced in western Canada - primarily from tar sands but also from conventional drilling - down to Nebraska and then on to refineries in Texas and Louisiana for processing into petroleum products for export to Asian markets. Republicans planning their takeover of the Senate and enhanced majority in the House of Representatives quickly vowed to renew their effort to force Keystone construction as a priority after the first of the year, with visions of a possible 'veto-proof' two-thirds majority, including Democrats pushed by their unionized supporters attracted to the job-creation benefit, however temporary, associated with the Pipeline's construction.
Just a few days later, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided not to reduce their oil production below the current target of 30 million barrels annually, even in the face of an already precipitous fall of that commodity's price from over $100 per barrel to a low $70 range since early summer. This fall is due to an oil glut on world markets, partially as a result of tremendous growth in domestic American oil production from shale rock through the process known as 'fracking.' The day after OPEC chose not to cut, the price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil (a proxy for what is essentially oil produced in the U.S.) sustained a further, dramatic drop of 10%, down to $66 per barrel.
Oil market professionals and observers had been speculating that Saudi Arabia and a couple of its Arabian neighbor states were purposely playing a 'long game' in terms of being willing to tolerate much lower per-barrel prices for their oil (and lower current returns to their 'petrodollar' economies and social welfare benefits keeping their young, restless unemployed off the streets) with the security of hundreds of billions of dollar reserves. The object of that game, it was supposed, was to force the oil produced by marginally and precariously financed shale oil producers in the U.S. out of the market. That is, shifting the burden of reducing the global 'oil glut' and ultimately increasing demand and a return to higher prices, from OPEC to America's upstart producers. If a goodly number of U.S. producers happen to go bankrupt and cease shale oil production permanently because they become unable to service their debt due to lower market prices, so be it: all the better to restore and enhance Arab market share once the dust settles.
All of which seems to beg the question: even though we have waited through over six years of environmental studies and political haggling to settle the question of whether to build the Keystone Pipeline to bring more oil to American refiners and more jobs to the American recovery scenario, what's the hurry now with so much oil product floating around the world that prices have fallen nearly 40% in less than six months, and look to fall even further into the coming year? "On further review," as they say in football, maybe we need to replay the Congressional debate on Keystone to see if the apparently 'obvious call' to move forward really ought to be reversed rather than ratified by the new Congress. Indeed, there seems to be a case to be made that the Saudi's real objective is not just to crush wildcat shale oil firms in the U.S. but also, and more importantly, to put a spanner into the tar sands works up in Alberta, which produces the same type of oil as most of OPEC's Gulf States. Here we get into the 'sweet' and 'sour' distinctions in the oil market, which has a certain charm given that the Arabs and the Canadians are really caught in market share war over the Chinese market!
The fundamental difference between 'sweet' and 'sour' oil (the former predominant in the U.S. fracking production and the latter in the Canadian tar sands and Arabia) is the amount of sulfurous impurities (primarily hydrogen sulfide) mixed in with the oil. Hydrogen sulfide smells like rotten eggs in low quantities but can be life-threatening in higher amounts.  Sour oil is generally defined as having more than .5% of such impurities and must be shorn of them in the refining process before products like gasoline, kerosene and diesel fuel can be safely refined, increasing the production costs. So-called sweet oil (which actually tastes that way, and smells nicer, too) has less than .5% impurities and thus can be more routinely and cheaply refined into those core fuel products.
Both the Saudi sour oil and the Canadian tar sands sour oil are thus in direct competition for efficient production and marketing to Asian market, particularly China. It is apparent that the Keystone Pipeline project itself is intimately involved in the Saudis' 'long game' calculations. If OPEC can drive down the market price for oil to a level where the process of extracting tar sands oil in Canada, and then shipping it to costly refinement in the U.S., becomes uneconomic, then Keystone itself could become potentially uneconomic as well. Oil prices sustained below $85 per barrel could force deferral of new tar sands extraction project, but opinions differ on how low oil would have to go to cut ongoing production headed for Keystone. Some say as low as $65 would threaten such curtailment, while others point to long term contracts with Keystone customers that could tolerate prices even below $40. Interestingly enough, some market observers are lately predicting just such a fall to the $40 level -- recalling that the Saudis previously engineered a crash to around $12 in 1999 . The Financial Times reports that Saudi Arabia holds three-quarters of a trillion dollars in reserves to keep its economy and welfare state going, so it is prepared for a 'long game' indeed. Meanwhile, the Keystone XL could become a 'pipeline (with nothing) to nowhere,' a sensitive point for a Congress already famous for approving a bridge to nowhere.
On the other hand, however, if prices were to stabilize at higher levels more toward a floor of $65, the Keystone Pipeline - as a cheaper, less cumbersome and less costly distribution route for tar sand producers than rail or alternative pipelines to Canadian port refiners - could make the critical difference in whether tar sands production is sustained economically.  This could eventuality provide a stronger environmental objection than heretofore recognized by the U.S. State department in its previous reviews of the Pipeline's likely environmental impact on greenhouse gas emissions.  This report presumed that at then-current oil pricing, the tar sands oil production would find its way to market in any event with or without Keystone. If Keystone makes the critical difference to whether tar sands production continues in a much lower oil price environment, as its opponent contends, then it would surely fail President Obama's announced policy not to approve its construction if doing so would contribute to significant additional greenhouse gas emissions from tar sands oil and its production processes.
Why, indeed, would U.S. shale producers want to use public policy to subsidize Canadian oil producers in an extreme and sustained low oil price environment? Perhaps North Dakota and Texas entrepreneurs will turn out to be 'for Keystone XL before they were against it?' Time for a replay in Congress?
Follow Terry Connelly on Twitter: www.twitter.com/deantrc
More:

Evolution of the ManagerThis concept and the visual was taken from my new book, The Future of Work: Attract New Talent, Build Better Leaders, and Create a Competitive Organization .
A few months ago I introduced the concept of the "7 Principles of the Future Employee," which was followed by "The Evolution of the Employee." I'm taking this same approach (principles and evolution) and applying it to managers as well. Last week I shared the "10 Principles of the Future Manager" , so it's only fitting that we now get to the evolution of the manager as seen below.
Based on the above these are the key things to pay attention to.
Managers must be leaders
There's a constant debate around whether we need more managers or more leaders. Sadly this is a fruitless debate that artificially pits the two against each other. When thinking about the future of work managers MUST be leaders. That is, they are placed in a position of power because they have earned followers, thought leadership, and respect. If a manager is simply placed in a position of power because they are able to bring in the most money or are experts at delegating then they will fail. It's time we stop referring to managers and leaders as two separate people. If you haven't earned leadership then you shouldn't be a manager.
Managers must understand the trends shaping the future of work
These five trends were explored in a previous article called, The Five Trends Shaping the Future of Work but to recap them here they are: mobility, globalization, new behaviors, millennials (demographics), and technology. Managers must successfully understand what these five trends are and how they are going to impact their respective organizations. These trends are the basic building blocks (the DNA) of the future of work.
Managers must embrace vulnerability
We can no longer have managers in the workplace that resemble robots. It's bad enough that there is quite a bit of concern around actual robots taking jobs away from humans, the last thing we need are humans that act like robots. It makes me think of the saying, "I'm not a doctor but I play one on t.v." - applied to managers this would be "I'm not a robot but I play one in the workplace." Brene Brown said it best when she quipped that there is no innovation without vulnerability. This is because people want to build relationships with other...people. This requires trust and a human connection. When managers put up a wall of being stoic, all-knowing, emotionless beings, they kill off any hope of innovation, trust, and connection. Managers embracing vulnerability in the workplace isn't important because it's a nice thing to do but because it's crucial for effective communication, collaboration, and innovation.
Managers must challenge convention
Why is it that we constantly hear about managers that are "putting out fires?" Managers must be the fire-starters! That is, they must be constantly thinking of ways that they can challenge the assumptions that we have around how work gets done. Should managers make all the decisions? Do we need annual employee reviews? Can anyone in the company be a leader? Should innovation be a core skill taught to all employees? Can the organization set up a pool of experimental capital that can be used to test out new ideas? These are the types of questions and ideas that managers should be thinking about. Today, their stereotypical role focuses on constraint, control, order, diligence, and sticking with the common assumptions that have long guided how we work. Instead, managers must heed the word of the band Prodigy to become "fire-starters."
Managers of the future are very different than managers of the past, they must evolve.
------ Jacob is an author, speaker, and futurist. You can learn more by visiting TheFutureOrganization.com . You can also subscribe to Jacob's newsletter to get weekly content on the future of work and the first 30 pages of his new book,
Follow Jacob Morgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jacobm
More:
Management Organization Future of Work Culture Work Life Balance Managers Millennials
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

A New Measure for Scaling-upreddit
Social innovation is alive and well across America. There is really no shortage of great ideas and passionate socialpreneurs working to make society a better place -- but the majority of them fail. Like many for-profit start-ups, charitable start-ups fail primarily because they, too, run out of money. But we are not talking about huge sums of money in these cases; they are not burning through wads of cash on a monthly basis. They are typically lean, frugal and pragmatic -- they just need a little help.
Earlier this year I established a 501(c)(3) nonprofit to provide that help. The Bindu Project is all about making small investments in big ideas. Its mission is to support nonprofits during their formative stage as they work on execution, sustainability and scale; as they pilot new ideas, refine new models and develop new capabilities. Think of the Bindu Project as an accelerator for charitable start-ups, or "angel" investing whereby the ROI is measured in societal or community capital rather than margin or profit.
When I started on this journey, I thought that scale was key. I was meeting with smart socialpreneurs with these terrific ideas struggling to get to a place where their work and supporting infrastructure are sustainable. Struggling to get beyond proof-of-concept to that somewhat vague next level so they can shift from survival to growth. Struggling to get to a point where they have the track record, bench strength and time to access government funding and corporate and private foundation grants.
Wearing my corporate hat, I assumed that scale would have the same kind of multiplier effect that I had seen in business. Certainly, a minimum scale is necessary to be viable. Even when growth is not part of a nonprofit's impact strategy, a minimum scale is necessary to foster social change. But should scaling-up really be the goal for charitable start-ups?
While size does matter, and in some sectors it matters a great deal, I realized that I was focused on the wrong thing. And that realization came from my experience as a volunteer board member of Goodwill Columbus .
This organization has been improving the quality of life and providing work opportunities for individuals with disabilities and other barriers for 75 years, a considerable length of time even for prominent for-profit companies. For comparison, the average lifespan of a company listed in the S&P 500, a U.S. stock market index of 500 large companies with common stock listed on either the NYSE or NASDAQ, is surprisingly brief at only about 15 years. This is down from approximately 67 years back in the 1920s. So Goodwill's 75 years of continuous service is quite an accomplishment.
When I joined this board two years ago I thought I knew a lot about the organization. I was wrong. Its programming is diverse -- from support for seniors and specialized rehabilitation programs to career training and commercial services to businesses, but it is all mission-driven.  It is focused on supporting those individuals with disabilities and other barriers as valued members of our community. Quite simply, the mission is the arbiter of investment decisions and the lens through which all decisions are assessed.
Now, let's be clear. This is a nonprofit of some scale. Each year , Goodwill Columbus provides over 2 million hours of service to more than 3,800 people building their independence. It diverts more than 5.5 million tons of waste from landfills and generates more than $9.2 million from its retail operations to support its programs annually. And it is among the top 50 employers in central Ohio. But scale has never been the end-game. Goodwill Columbus does not exist to be the biggest nonprofit in central Ohio or among the 181 independent member organizations of Goodwill Industries International. Its mission defines the end-game and that end-game is, well, the achievement of the mission.
Scaling-up has a whole different connotation in this model. Scale is measured, and valued, at Goodwill Columbus based on impact. Scaling-up impact may mean a shift in services, or capabilities or asset allocation. It may mean exiting certain programs or shifting responsibility to other providers. And it may also mean an expansion of its retail footprint or the scope of its business services. Make no mistake, Goodwill Columbus is scaling-up. It is scaling-up outcomes. It is scaling-up its ability to maximize social impact. It is scaling-up to best serve its mission. And by any measure, that is the best scale of all.
More:

From the Editors: How 800 Huffington Post Colleagues Work Together Worldwidereddit
We live in a time of international crisis and conflict: from the European financial crisis, which is robbing millions of young people of their future, to the conflict with Russia and finally to the bloody rise of ISIS.
All this is dominating the news coverage worldwide. But the Huffington Post does not only want to report about dramatic developments. The growing HuffPost network also wants to put people and organizations that help solve problems in the spotlight.
The Huffington Post is now active in 12 countries, after the Greek edition went live last month. But this is also only a preliminary number because the site keeps expanding to new countries. Shortly, our colleagues in India will be launching their site, and at the beginning of next year, the Huffington Post will also have an Arabic edition.
Our goal is a global network, with editors and thousands of bloggers who address topics which move people in their everyday lives. And this network continues to grow more and more.
The European editions of the Huffington Post are organizing interviews with well-known politicians. Just last week, HuffPost Germany had an interview with the speaker of the EU Parliament, Martin Schulz, which we arranged together with our European colleagues. In an interview with our British colleagues , the prominent EU politician spoke out clearly: "If the responsible politicians, especially the heads of state in the European Council, continue to say the success is national but the failure European, then we should not be surprised that the European Union has an image problem."
A few days earlier, the president of Greece, Karolos Papoulias, strongly criticized representatives of the EU commission, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank, saying, the Troika is acting "as if they are speaking to rocks and not people." An interview by our Greek colleagues with the president will make you think.
In a long series of articles, the European editions of the Huffington Post are examining the effects that European austerity politics have. The lesson is clear: states are also not able to live above their means. But the current path will not lead to the desired result. And it's not only livelihoods that are endangered, but also thousands of lives.
Such interviews and series are being coordinated through regular conferences between all international HuffPost editors-in-chief. The most interesting pieces are then translated by our American colleagues, and are in return picked up in other countries, like HuffPost Germany's recent portrait of Vladimir Putin.
The international blog teams are also growing more and more together -- and cooperating on joint projects. Recently, the filmmaker who chased leftist politician Gregor Gysi across the Bundestag explained in a blog post how he got into this risky project . The lesson he learned: he would do it over and over again. The stunt provoked a huge media response.
Apart from the topics conferences between the chief editors, those responsible for sections such as politics, lifestyle or social media meet regularly in international brainstormings. In sometimes only 30-minute video conferences, topics and cooperations are decided on and set into motion.
This international network is also of use to our guest contributors. Wolfgang Schäuble's blog post about the anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall appeared in many different Huffington Post editions , as did Jürgen Trittin's post about dependency on Russian gas, which was even translated by our Japanese colleagues . Something similar happened with an article by Mikhail Gorbachev, who warned Huffington Post readers about the possibility of a new Cold War. All this helps ideas spread around the globe. And that is what we aspire to: a global news and discussion platform.
This blog post originally appeared in The Huffington Post Germany and was translated from German.
Follow Sebastian Matthes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/smatthes
More:

3 Habits of Ineffective Women s Leadership Developmentreddit
We've spent a lot of time in recent posts focusing on the best ways to approach women's leadership development. But sometimes, knowing what not to do can be as instructive as guidelines on how to do things right.
In that spirit, I present to you the following three habits to avoid when it comes to developing and retaining your female executives:
Seeing the current state of women's advancement as a "women's problem." Women still comprise only a fraction of the senior executive roles. This is still true despite the fact that women make up half of the workforce and today graduate with around twice as many degrees as men. Yet it's a mistake to brand women's failure to advance to leadership roles in greater numbers as only a "women's problem." Yes many women do struggle with " Sticky Floors " -- self-limiting beliefs, assumptions and behaviors that hold them back from achieving their own career goals and aspirations. But there are significant additional factors that keep women out of senior leadership roles, including organizations and their predominantly male leaders failing to buy into the business case for Integrated Leadership (gender balanced teams) and men's lack of awareness about the significant role they play in both the problem and potential solution.
Failure to involve men in advancing women. Typically, the responsibility to prepare women for leadership roles has been left to corporate HR and OD departments. Yet men in the organization are in a key position to effectively mentor, sponsor , and support the women on their teams. Since the vast majority of board members and senior executives are men, men have a unique opportunity to play an important role in assisting women's ascension to leadership posts. Failing to leverage both formal and informal ways that men can mentor and sponsor women in the leadership pipeline represents a major missed opportunity for both male and female executives to grow in your company -- and for companies to be more profitable .
Believing that it's enough to provide diversity training. While many organizations provide leadership development and diversity training to help women overcome the obstacles to their advancement, those efforts by themselves are not enough. Top management must commit to creating a more inclusive and accountable culture that supports balanced leadership through a variety of methods, including designing measurements to hold leaders accountable for their hiring and promotion practices. What's more, the CEO must support a corporate culture that leverages the unique perspectives of both men and women.
Let's replace these three losing tactics with more effective strategies based on a proven model of Integrated Leadership . An Integrated Leadership approach is one that encompasses the strengths of both genders, as well as drawing on support and advocacy from the organization itself. Men, women and companies all play key roles in the solution. Men must believe in the business case for moving more women into leadership positions -- and must take action to advocate for them through mentorship and sponsorship. Women must seek and build partnerships with male leaders -- and take opportunities to build confidence and strengthen their leadership skills. Companies must develop and train men to give them the tools to effectively mentor women -- and proactively create opportunities to integrate the strengths of both male and female leaders.
To learn more about how to apply the Integrated Leadership Model to your organization, read Make Room for Her: Why Companies Need an Integrated Leadership Model to Achieve Extraordinary Results .
Follow Rebecca Shambaugh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/beckyshambaugh
More:

4 Barriers to Scaling Your Companyreddit
Before writing SCALE , with my friend and co-author Jeff Hoffman (co-founder of Priceline.com ) we had a deep discussion of the most common and predictable road blocks that stall most entrepreneurs as they grow their companies.
We were sitting at a TV station in Salt Lake City for a series of interviews and we went back over our business pasts and the history of the companies we had observed over the past 20 years.
Here is a summary of the conclusions we drew about the four barriers to scaling your company -- and how you can get through and past each one. You'll notice that each of these barriers is about your mindset first, and the business only second.
Barrier #1: The Illusion of Control
Beware of the temptation to build for "control."  Remember the more control you have the more you must be there to execute that control every hour of every day.
Instead, build so that your business is in control.
The goal is not to put yourself at the center of a spider's web, pulling all the strings, nor is it to hire one or two key employees and put the future of your business in their hands. Rather, your goal is to develop your systems, team, and internal controls to be able to effectively run the business even when you are no longer there.
I promise that you'll have times when you have a set back and your first reaction will be to take back all the reins of power and direct all important decisions back across your desk. Fight this temptation, it doesn't lead where you want to go.
Instead you must, over time and bit by bit, grow your business's capacity to self-monitor, make decisions and effectively troubleshoot problems as they come up.
Barrier #2: Too Closely Identifying with Your Business
Most business owners don't like to admit it, but the fact is they have a hard time seeing themselves as separate from their businesses.
It is as if their business defines them.
They dream of the day that their business doesn't need them, but at the same time they have no clear vision of what this would actually look like in the real world.
What would they do if they didn't work for the business each day? How would they feel if the business were truly independent of them?
Many business owners would be lost like the empty nesters whose teenage children have grown up and moved out into the world.
Let's be clear -- you are not your business.
Your business is a wonderful place to create value in the world, to challenge yourself and grow, but it cannot be the sum total of who you are.
The clearer you can detail out your vision of what your life will be like when you successfully scale your company and are no longer needed to oversee every aspect of its operations, the more compelling that future will be to pull you to do the simple things along the way that will hasten that positive result.
Barrier #3: Overwhelm
I get it; you have a lot going on. You've got customers making demands, team members who need coaching, systems that need to be built, ideas that need to be implemented, and that's just your business!
I'm not suggesting that you need to implement all the ideas you have in your head at one time.  In fact, I'm coaching you to do just the opposite. To pick one or two great ideas to implement, and then and only then to go after the next set of ideas. Scaling a company usually happens much faster than anyone could imagine, but the paradox is that it will still require take time and patience.
The good news is that you don't have to do it alone.  You can enlist your team to help you do it and tap into outside resources to speed up the process.
When things feel too big and intimidating -- break them down. Pick out a smaller, simpler piece that you can do now, and in so doing, takes you one step closer to your end result.
Can you take 15 minutes to draft out a step? Can you set aside one lunch to have a conversation? Can you schedule the planning meeting knowing that you won't do it perfect, but that you'll still get great value from going through the motions?
Also, lower the bar. You don't have to do it perfect out of the gate. In fact, you likely won't!  Instead, give yourself permission to do it imperfectly knowing that you'll make it better and better over time.
Finally, if you feel overwhelmed it likely means you are thinking through steps 1-32. Instead, focus on the step you're on, and leave the other steps for later.
Barrier #4: Inertia
Inertia is the weight of the status quo that saps your strength from taking action. It says that a body at rest tends to stay at rest (and a body in motion tends to stay in motion) until acted upon by an outside force.
You must be that initial outside force that acts on your business. You must be that spark. Do something!
Once you get your company in motion along a new vector, inertia now works in your favor.
Have you ever tried to steer a car that doesn't have power steering? If the car is parked it is almost impossible to turn the wheel.  But as soon as the car starts moving forward it becomes much easier to steer left or right.
So my advice to you is to do something. Even if you do it imperfectly at least you're now in motion and course correcting is much, much easier.
Ever noticed that when someone is on a diet they start off with the best of intentions?  The first three days they eat healthfully, they exercise, they drink plenty of water. Then on the fourth day they have fast food for lunch and they say, "Oh well, I blew it, so now I might as well eat a few donuts, and a sundae, and candy bar..." It's almost as if they use that fallen moment as an excuse to give up on what they want. They take the easy way out.
I know you're going to have tough moments out there running your business. You will have meetings where you'll take too much of the work on to your plate. You will have client complaints that lure you to just step in and solve them for your team. You will have times when you will get lost in the day-to-day job of your business. That's okay. It will happen.
The key is to accept those moments and not beat yourself up. This helps you put them behind you so that you can then quickly do something to build momentum in a better direction.
Follow David Finkel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mauimasterminds
More:

Fast Food Protesters Take To The Streets On 2-Year Anniversary Of CampaignFast Food Protesters Take To The Streets On 2-Year Anniversary Of Campaign
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -- The fast food protests that have swept the nation in recent years, including demonstrations in dozens of cities on Thursday, introduced Americans to thousands of people like Flavia Cabral.
Cabral, 53, is the sole breadwinner for her Bronx family. Her husband is unemployed, so she splits her time between working at a Manhattan McDonald’s and a shipping company. Despite working two jobs, she brings home just $370 a week, far less than roughly $1,600 a week it takes to get by in New York City in a home with two parents and one kid, according to the Economic Policy Institute's family budget calculator.
“I’m the one who feeds my family, and even working two jobs, it’s not enough,” said Cabral. She was standing outside of a Burger King here Thursday morning as protesters took over the restaurant inside, drumming and chanting for a $15-an-hour wage and a union. This is Cabral’s third protest, she said, and she keeps showing up because “I believe we’re going to win. As many times as we have to do it, we’re going to to do it.”
Left: Protesters hold signs inside a Brooklyn Burger King, including some that reference the controversy over the recent deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown. Right: A sign on the door of the eatery noting that it's open on Christmas Day.
Thursday’s protests, which activists say will hit 190 cities nationwide, mark the two-year anniversary of the fast food campaign. It's hard to point to concrete wins for the union-backed movement --  fast food workers' median pay hovers between $8 and $9 an hour , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics and other studies , and union membership remains near historic lows .
Still, the demonstrations have grabbed Americans' attention, making more people aware of a large and growing a class of workers -- like Cabral -- who are struggling to get by.
“It’s become much more current to talk about the working poor,” said Gary Chaison, a labor relations professor at Clark University’s Graduate School of Management.
Indeed, national headlines have chronicled the effects of unpredictable scheduling , unaffordable child care and a dearth of paid sick days on low-wage workers. Ballot measures to increase the minimum wage achieved widespread success , even in red states, during the midterm elections. President Barack Obama gave fast food workers a shout-out in a speech to labor activists earlier this year , telling them that “America deserves a raise.”
Obama has also been a vocal advocate of raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. Earlier this year, he set $10.10 as the wage floor for federal contractors.
“All of those things are things that you never saw discussed in public” before the protests, said Ileen DeVault, a professor at Cornell University's school of Industrial and Labor Relations.
Fast food workers have succeeded largely because their issues are so relatable. It’s easy to sympathize with the person serving you a burger and fries once you learn about their low pay and poor working conditions, DeVault said.
Organizers have capitalized on that success, using it to bring attention to low-wage workers in other industries. On Thursday, home health aides and airport workers joined the fast food protests. Standing inside the Burger King packed with protesters and signs here, one airport worker bemoaned the fact that he’s struggling during the holidays to support six kids on a salary that's close to the minimum wage.
Abera Siyoum, a disability cart operator at Minneapolis-St. Paul airport, said in an interview earlier this week that he planned to support the protesters. His wife stays home to take care of their two kids, ages 2 and 4, because childcare is too expensive. That leaves Siyoum to earn all of the money for his family. He wakes up at 3 a.m. and often doesn’t get home until 8 p.m. after working at the airport and at another job as a security officer.
“[Fast food workers] are working under the same conditions. I just want to join them because if we fight together, I think we can win together,” he said.
Protesters hold up a sign calling attention to airport workers at a Brooklyn Burger King Thursday.
In addition to showing solidarity, bringing in workers from other industries adds a level of legitimacy to the fast food protests and sheds some light on other elements of the shadow low-wage workforce, said Clark University's Chaison. “People who are on the margins of the labor force are now being talked about,” he said.
Of course, the immediate target of the protesters is still the fast food giants themselves. Demonstrators argue the chains can afford to pay their workers more. The Shake Shack next door to the Burger King here provided a stark contrast. Shake Shack pays a median wage of $10.70 an hour, according to a recent New York Times story highlighting its labor practices.
Representatives from both McDonald’s and Burger King noted in statements that their restaurants are largely owned by franchisees and that they pay fair and competitive wages.
"As a corporation, Burger King Corp. (BKC) respects the rights of all workers," the company said in a statement.
"McDonald’s and our independent franchisees support paying our valued employees fair wages aligned with a competitive marketplace," McDonald's said.
Steve Caldeira, the CEO of the International Franchise Association, characterized the protests as a headline grab aimed at growing union membership "on the backs of hard-working small business owners and their employees," in a statement Wednesday.
Still, Bienvenida Pichardo, a 57-year-old McDonald’s worker here, said it’s not enough. Pichardo, who has been working at a Manhattan McDonald’s for 11 years, said in Spanish through a translator that she makes just $8.35 an hour. Thursday’s demonstration was the first time she had come out to protest, the mom of two said, though she has been watching the demonstrations on the news for months and waiting for an opportunity to get involved.
“It was time,” she said.
More:

The leader inIshantWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:30 am
Ishant Sharma, India captain. You try reading it in any way you can, but somehow the two just don’t seem to fit. Over the years, we’ve seen the lanky Delhi pacer in many avatars. The prodigal tearaway, the erratic apprentice, the frustrating talent, the Ricky Ponting nemesis, the enigmatic Test match-winner, the erroneous ODI death bowler and of late the leader of a young pace attack. But still India captain, even if only for one-and-a-half sessions of a practice match? Not many would have imagined that.
But when the two teams assembled at the Glenelg Oval on Thursday morning, India’s captain Virat Kohli was still mid-air, somewhere between Sydney and Adelaide. He was returning after attending Phil Hughes’ funeral in Macksville.
With Kohli absent, there were a few candidates in line to replace him. They ranged from Suresh Raina, who has led the country in 12 ODIs, the dependable Cheteshwar Pujara, R Ashwin and even Shikhar Dhawan, who has captained many an India A team before.
But who should lead India out but Ishant. To his credit, he led the way in placing his bat outside the dressing-room in a mark of respect to the late Hughes.
He also called out frantically to get the team management to arrange for black armbands for his team. And then on the field he took charge.
He gave the new-ball to Varun Aaron and Mohammad Shami, set fields for them, screamed out instructions and was the most vocal cheerleader in the camp, his distinctive guttural tone resounding across the Glenelg Oval. In between, he also managed to slip in a handful of overs.
When Karn Sharma was hit for a couple of sixes in his first couple of overs, Ishant was right by his side, calming him down, and then he even placed a short-cover for the leg-spinner, sending mid-on to the boundary. Karn’s first wicket came through a catch at short-cover.
Then at the lunch-break, Ishant was the keynote speaker in the team huddle that he called for at the end of the first session. Ishant was doing everything he had seen his captains do over the years.
He might have struggled to sound as convincing as them in his performance, but you couldn’t blame him for trying on a day Ishant Sharma was India captain.

After the meet  PM-CMsretreatWritten by Vaidyanathan Iyer | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:02 am
TAKING a cue from global summits, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called for an “agenda-less retreat” including one-on-one meetings with all Chief Ministers on Sunday, after his discussion with them on the future of the Planning Commission.
While the discussions on the new structure and design of the institution that will replace the Planning Commission will occupy the first half of the day — 10.30 am to 1.30 pm, a one-hour post-lunch “retreat” will be held from 3 pm to 4 pm. The Chief Ministers will not be accompanied by their aides during the “retreat”.
However, during the morning’s discussions, Modi will be accompanied by his top officers, and each Chief Minister will be allowed to bring along one aide, most likely the state Chief Secretary.
A state government official told The Indian Express that Modi will set the tone of the morning meeting at the Prime Minister’s Race Course Road residence. Following his opening remarks, each Chief Minister will be allowed an intervention of 5-7 minutes. They will not get an opportunity to interject when others are speaking.
Another government official of a BJP-ruled state said the Chief Ministers would be looking for signals on how aggressively they can push for reforms in their respective states, especially in areas that are a part of the concurrent list. “These include factor markets such as land and labour and social sectors such as  education and health,” the official said.
A senior central government official said Modi wanted the Chief Ministers to talk up the reforms they have managed to push through. “Ideally, Prime Minister Modi would like the states to compete with each other to attract investments and generate employment,” the official added.
The states have been provided an agenda brief drafted by the Planning Commission on the evolution of the institution over the past 64 years. In this, the Planning Commission has emphasised that the central purpose of development planning remains even now. Many states, however, do not buy the argument and are of the view that the Planning Commission should be disbanded. Further, they contend that there is little flexibility left for states in planning and devicing schemes that are pertinent to their regions.
The agenda brief, however, has said the new institution will need to evolve a mechanism embodying the spirit of cooperative federalism as a dynamic and interactive partnership with states on priority issues in national development.

Cabaret to be shot in Mauritius or SouthAfricaPosted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:01 am
By Karan Shah
The shooting for Cabaret, which is being produced by Bhushan Kumar and Pooja Bhatt, is set to start as the film’s star cast which includes Richa Chadda, Sreesanth and Gulshan Devaiha has been finalised. A woman-oriented musical, the film is slated to go on floors in January 2015. The makers also plan to shoot abroad, either in Mauritius or South Africa, while the rest of the film will be shot in India.
Producer Bhushan Kumar says, “I am very excited with the cast being finalised. The film is basically a woman-oriented musical about a cabaret dancer who becomes famous. However, the film doesn’t limit itself to cabaret music, it has romantic numbers too. All the three leads will be seen in intense roles as the story is based on real life.” While the release date has not been finalised, Cabaret is slated to release in October or November, 2015.

Radha shows off desi style in Tevars nextsongMumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:01 am
(Top)Remo D’Souza, Wajid Ali, Sanjay Kapoor, Amit Sharma, Sonakshi Sinha, Boney Kapoor, Sajid Ali and
Kausar Munir at the song launch of Tevar , (Left) Remo D’Souza and Sonakshi Sinha show of the moves from Radha Nachegi
By Karan Shah
The latest addition to Tevar‘s playlist titled Radha Nachegi was launched at PVR ECX, Andheri last week. The upbeat song features the film’s lead heroine, Sonakshi Sinha dancing energetically to Music bajega loud to radha nachegi while an enamoured Manoj Bajpayee watches her from the audience. The song is composed by Sajid-Wajid who had earlier scored the music for Main Tero Hero, Dawaat-e-Ishq and are known for their catchy brand of music. This song is far from a devotional number and Radha here is very sassy. Sinha looks every bit a princess in a white anarkali as she sways with a troupe of dancers on the banks of a river. Also noteworthy are vocals by Ritu Pathak who has infused the song with immense energy.
The song launch saw Sinha along with producers Boney Kapoor, Sanjay Kapoor, director Amit Sharma, composers Sajid-Wajid and choreographer Remo D’Souza. While Sinha’s co-star Arjun Kapoor was absent at the launch that didn’t deter her from performing with D’Souza. “The song is very peppy and I love dancing to it. I’m very grateful to Sajid-Wajid for composing such a great song and Remo D’Souza for choreographing such steps,” gushed Sinha who is known to pull off the desi look with much ease in her films. Dressed in black, she looked every bit a diva in a bob as she pulled off her new hairdo with much panache.
The song is sure to catch on and will soon be a chartbuster on radio stations.

Tu Mera Hero is Star Pluss nextofferingStar Plus' next offering Tu Mera Hero (earlier tilted Mera Nikhattu) is set to go on air from December 22 at 8 pm replacing Ek Hasina Thi.
Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:09 am
By Priyanka Bhadani
Star Plus’ next offering Tu Mera Hero (earlier tilted Mera Nikhattu) is set to go on air from December 22 at 8 pm replacing Ek Hasina Thi.
The show is the story of Titu, a lazy, but affable boy who wants to live a stress free life. Despite his laid-back demeanour, he is quite charming and popular. He is a hero for Panchi, the girl-next-door. A channel note says, “It is the love story of two people with different ideas of life but end up with each other.”
The show stars youngsters — Priyansh Johra and Sonia Balani — and has been produced by Shashi Sumeet, the brain behind one of the most successful shows on television, Diya Aur Bati Hum. Sumeet Mittal, in one of his earlier interviews to Screen, had said how he is best at making family dramas and even this one is going to be one of them.
Priyansh Johra, who was earlier seen in a small role in 24 on Colors, talking about his character says, “What an experience it has been so far playing the character of Titu. He is quirky and lazy but very adorable. He is the perfect hero as he charms people with his imperfectness. Since, it’s my first lead show with a channel like Star Plus, I’m overjoyed but also nervous”.

The Originals / A shot with thedevilsJoseph Morgan (Klaus) in the pilot episode
Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:01 am
By Siddhi Pathak
Zee Café, Mon-Fri, 10 pm
They say that ties of blood are the strongest. The Originals accentuates that very idea. The show, a spin-off of The Vampire Diaries, focuses on a parallel track featuring the siblings, Klaus (Joseph Morgan), Elijah (Daniel Gillies), and Rebekah (Claire Holt). If you’ve been following The Vampire Diaries, The Originals might not really be intriguing, but will merely serve as a different perspective. However, the show, if watched as a separate entity, can get really intense and even difficult to understand in the beginning. But by the end of the pilot episode, you get pretty much hooked to it.
The Originals is the story of three siblings — the first of their kind, hybrids of werewolves and vampires — consequently. Since they are the first, and the only, they become The Originals. They have stayed together for thousand years and seen a lot of ups and downs. The oldest, Elijah, is the most sensitive; Klaus is the evil brother, while Rebekah has become slightly cold-hearted over the years.
On Klaus’s return to New Orleans after staying away for 100 years, he discovers that his protégé, Marcelle (Charles Michael Davis), has become the ‘king’ of the town spreading his horror across the supernatural world with his merciless ways. He has even prohibited the witches from performing magic, and a secret weapon helps him discover if his rules are violated. A twist in the tale comes when it is revealed that Klaus has impregnated a werewolf, Hayley (Phoebe Tonkin), which is almost miraculous considering that the originals cannot procreate. But Elijah, the eldest brother, grabs the opportunity of redemption of Klaus, with the newfound hope brought by the baby. The witches have been seeking Klaus to tell him about the pregnancy and in turn strike a deal with him to stop Marcelle’s terror on the land. Hungry for power Klaus eventually accepts the offer. However, there’s a price to pay and there are answers to be found.
The show creates an amazing sense of mystery, even if you’ve already been following The Vampire Diaries. It has the typical elements of a series with supernatural as its backdrop — dark cinematography, great use of sound and brutality. However, compared to The Vampire Diaries, the pace of The Originals, is slightly slower. With two supernatural communities, the vampires and the witches, waging war against each other, the series delivers the horror, expected out of it. However, if mystery, horror and gory visuals are not your cup of tea, stay away from it.
Verdict: The show promises to engross you completely.
 

Kal Penn keen to do a commercial masala HindifilmWritten by Farida Khanzada | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:01 am
After acting in Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain, American-born actor Kal Penn does not mind doing a commercial, masala Hindi film. “Why not?,” says the actor when we queried if he would be receptive to acting in mainstream Hindi cinema and in television serials.
Penn, whose parents had migrated to the US was christened Kalpesh Suresh Modi, had to adopt a working professional name in order to fit into the American milieu. He would often visit his grandparents and cousins in India as a child. “It’s wonderful to have the chance to come to India to work as well – there is such a vibrant film scene here, I love the opportunity to work here and balance family time with some professional endeavours,” says the actor. But back in the US, Penn is busy wrapping up the shoot of a new TV drama series called Battle Creek, created by Vince Gilligan (Breaking Bad) and David Shore (House). The series will be aired on CBS in the States in 2015.
“I am also be working on an animated version of Harold and Kumar, and a few independent films I shot last year (Sisterhood of Night, Dementemania) are releasing this year. I’m also hosting a documentary series for National Geographic, which is set to air worldwide in 2015,” says Penn.
Juggling several roles, this American-born actor, producer and civil servant has also earned the distinction of holding the office of the Associate Director of the office of Public Engagement in the Barack Obama government.

Rating upgrade  7% growth rate not far off for India: CitigroupCitigroup
("India has surprised in…)
MUMBAI: Citigroup today said if India continues to surprise in the New Year the way it did in 2014, then there are more upsides on its way which could well be capped by a sovereign rating upgrade by global agencies next fiscal, and it is on course to achieve 7 per cent growth rate.
"India has surprised in 2014 -- inflation is down more than 500 bps, the rupee has outperformed peers by 4-5 per cent, the equity market is up 35 per cent, bond returns around 13-14 per cent and a very buoyant mood.
"We think 2015 could see more surprises due to the ongoing process of macro stabilisation...this could lead to a ratings upgrade," Citigroup India Chief Economist Rohini Malkani said in a year-end report.
The US brokerage also pegged higher growth in the coming years with 5.6 per cent this fiscal, 6.5 next one and 7 per cent from FY17 onwards.
Admitting that Asia's third largest economy could face some tailwinds in the New Year, she however said the positives outdo the negatives as India is in for more surprises.
"We have got tailwinds, but could surprise with quicker disinflation leading to a over 100 bps rate cuts; higher capital flows boosting investments and capital availability; sustained commodity price drops favouring CAD, fiscal and inflation; and a possible ratings upgrade which though not entirely in her hands, could well be in store."
She said more upsides in 2015 is likely not only due to the on-going process of macro stabilisation but also the Modi Government's thrust on relaxing the land and labour laws and easing capital and enterprise controls.
"Consequently, while our macro forecasts are unchanged, but if all goes well there is room to surprise: GDP could rise from 5.6 per cent in FY15 to 7 per cent in FY17; inflation tracking RBI's target of 6 per cent and rates lower by 100 bps; CAD under control within 1.5 per cent of GDP through FY17 and fiscal consolidation through revenue and expenditure reforms," Malkani said.
However, she also listed some "nasty surprises" that the country may face in the form of political risks, as the Government does not have a majority in the Upper House (where key laws may get stuck), bank recapitalisation and asset quality, geo-political risks and market turbulences due to US Fed hiking rates.
The report said the ease of doing business needs to improve in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Recognising Taliban government in Afghanistan was blunder  says Pervez MusharrafRecognising Taliban government in Afghanistan was blunder, says Pervez Musharraf
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.56AM IST
Musharraf said that recognising the Taliban regime in Afghanistan was a "blunder" on part of Pakistan, but he blamed the US for the birth of al-Qaeda.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KARACHI: Former military ruler General Pervez Musharraf today admitted that recognising the Taliban regime in Afghanistan was a "blunder" on part of Pakistan, but he blamed the West and the US for the birth of al-Qaeda .
Speaking to the Youth Parliament here, Musharraf pointed out that Pakistan was the only country that recognised the Taliban government in Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 as Saudi Arabia and the UAE later also backed out.
The 71-year-old leader admitted that recognising the Taliban regime was a blunder on Pakistan's part.
The Soviet Invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 changed the political climate worldwide and "three blunders" were created by the US who left the region after withdrawal of Soviets, said Musharraf, who ruled over Pakistan from 1999 to 2008.
The "first blunder was not to rehabilitation the 25,000 Afghan Mujahideen who fought in the war against USSR and they then came to Pakistan which led to the formation of al Qaeda," he said.
"The second blunder was the West's refusal to recognise Taliban."
He said Pakistan was looked at negatively by the world because of recognising the Taliban regime and conceded that in 2000 the then US President Bill Clinton came to Pakistan to reprimand the government for recognising the Taliban.
Moving on to the third blunder, the former president said the invasion of US-led NATO forces in Afghanistan pushed militants to mountainous areas.
"A vacuum was created in Afghanistan which had to be overcome by changing military victory into a political victory," he said, explaining an ethnically balanced government representing Pakhtuns was needed.
"But because this did not happen, the Taliban started reviving in 2003."
Musharraf said the Taliban was self-created because of the environment that existed in Afghanistan at that time.
"Some say Taliban are our children and we created them... but it's not true," the former president said.
"During this tumultuous period, frankly, not one civilian government performed socio-economically for Pakistan. Not one. Other than the military government," he claimed.
Taking a jab at the current government, he said, "The economy is nose-diving and terrorism is prevalent in all provinces."
Musharraf also said tensions between Pakistan and India will always exist until the Kashmir issue is not resolved.
"Political parties do not take better decisions in the greater interest of the nation and democratic governments have never performed well in Pakistan," he claimed.
"Progress was only made during Ayub Khan's regime besides mine," he said, adding that the Army must have a constitutional role in Pakistan.

GSK drops plan to sell off older drugs businessYou are here: Home > Collections > Gsk
GlaxoSmithKline abandons sale of older drugs
Reuters Dec 5, 2014, 12.29AM IST
Tags:
Drugs
(GlaxoSmithKline said it…)
LONDON: GlaxoSmithKline said on Thursday it had decided not to sell a portfolio of older drugs marketed in North America and Europe after considering offers from potential buyers.
"The company has evaluated all bids received and has concluded, consistent with its key criteria of maximising shareholder value, not to pursue divestment of these products," it said in a statement.
A spokesman for GSK, which was being advised on the disposal by Lazard, declined to give any more details.
People familiar with the situation said last month that several private equity firms and smaller drug companies were looking at the assets on the block, which had been expected to sell for more than $3 billion.
Bidders, who had been hoping to clinch a deal before the end of the year, included Apollo Global Management, Denmark's Lundbeck, and KKR, which teamed up with private Dutch-based specialty drugmaker Norgine, sources said.
The disposal of the older prescription drugs was one of several moves by Britain's biggest drugmaker to improve its long-term growth profile and reduce complexity.
Some analysts, however, had questioned the timing of the sale since GSK is struggling with stagnant overall sales, putting pressure on its dividend, and divesting the mature drugs would have hit earnings in the short term.
A number of large drugmakers have weighed similar plans to hive off older products, with mixed results. Sanofi ditched the idea of selling its mature drugs this year after the idea was opposed by the board, an episode that contributed to the downfall of its CEO.
The drugs that GSK put on the block, known as established products, are expected to have combined 2014 sales of around 1 billion pounds($1.6 billion) but their sales are in long-term decline due to competition from cheaper generics.
They included antidepressant Paxil, migraine treatment Imitrex, Zantac for stomach acid and Zofran for nausea. The company always intended to retain the rights to such products in emerging markets, where they are still growing.
GSK Chief Executive Andrew Witty, who plans to close a major asset-swap deal with Novartis next year, is under pressure to deliver value to investors after a period of lacklustre performance.
He put a floor under the company's dividend in October by pegging the 2015 payout to the 2014 level and aims to save 1 billion pounds in annual costs over three years, resulting in job losses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ukraine  pro-Russia rebels announce December...You are here: Home > Collections > Ceasefire
Ukraine and rebels announce December 9 ceasefire
Reuters Dec 4, 2014, 11.23PM IST
Tags:
Ceasefire
KIEV: Ukraine and the pro-Russian rebels said on Thursday they had agree to halt fire across the eastern war zone on December 9 under the terms of a Kremlin-brokered truce.
President Petro Poroshenko said the terms of the new ceasefire were already included in an earlier peace deal agreed with the help of European representatives in the Belarussian capital Minsk on September.
But the Minsk Agreement published at the time made no mention of a specific date on which the two sides were due to lay down their arms.
Poroshenko said Kiev had prepared "measures that should ensure the implementation of the Minsk Agreement concerning a Day of Silence that is due to begin on December 9."
A source in Poroshenko's office told AFP the president's statement meant that Ukraine would begin withdrawing heavy weapons from the eastern frontline on December 10 -- as long as the separatists also observe the truce.
The parliament speaker of the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic confirmed that the ceasefire was part of the Minsk deal.
"The (Minsk) group, which included our and Ukrainian military officials, as well as OSCE and Russian mediators, agreed to halt fire on December 9," Andrei Purgin told Russia's RIA Novosti state news agency.
But Purgin refused to say whether he thought this agreement would be able to end fighting that has killed more than 4,300 people in eight months.
Observers had assumed the September ceasefire was effective immediately and no indication was previously given that hostilities would only end in December.
Several truce deals announced in the course of the war were broken within a matter of days by both rebels and Ukrainian soldiers who refused to listen to their political leaders.
"I am not a prophet," Purgin was quoted as saying. The head of the neighbouring self-proclaimed Lugansk People's Republic said a ceasefire that would begin in mid-December was discussed at the Minsk negotiations.
But he also stressed that no written agreement on a specific date was ever reached.
"I confirm that in the course of our discussion, this date was mentioned," Igor Plotnitsky told RIA Novosti.
"There was a verbal agreement (about a ceasefire) for around that date. But we do not have written confirmation of this yet," the Lugasnk separatist leader added.
"If we (the Kiev authorities) come here in the coming days and sign (such an agreement), then there will be a deal."
The September 5 agreement was meant to establish a 30-kilometre (18-mile) buffer zone between the fighters and grant limited self-rule to the separatists.
But hostilities only intensified after the two rebel regions held their own leadership polls on November 2 that were denounced by both Kiev and the West.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zuari group unveils Rs 282-crore open offer ...BSE
(The voluntary open offer…)
MUMBAI: Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 today.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers.
"ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals...", a BSE filing said.
Earlier in the day, the fertiliser company announced appointment of Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter an earlier open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After those open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DMRC opts for special tunnel construction in...Anuj Dayal
(Delhi Metro will build a…)
NEW DELHI: In a first, Delhi Metro will build a single-tube tunnel which would pass under operational elevated tracks between the KalkajiMandir and Nehru Place stations as part of works for its third phase of construction.
DMRC had to shelve the conventional method of using Tunnel Boring Machines (TBM) for digging the 176-m tunnel so as to enable the existing overhead tracks to run smoothly.
The tunnel between the Kalkaji Mandir and Okhla Phase-III stations on the upcoming Janakpuri West-Botanical Garden corridor is being constructed by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) by way of manual excavation.
DMRC chief spokesperson Anuj Dayal said the decision to go for manual excavation, also known as New Austrian Tunnelling Method (NATM), was prompted by the shortage of space and unfeasible local soil and rock structures which are unsuitable for insertion of a large TBM.
"We could not go for the TBM method or build twin tunnels like we did for the existing tunnels as the tunnel is passing through a narrow corridor between two pillars of the operational elevated track. The local rock and soil structures are not feasible either (for such tunnelling)," he said.
Instead of building two separate tubes, the NATM method involves construction of a single tube of around 10-m diameter in which the two metro tracks are laid.
Construction has been completed for a length of 158-m of the tunnel after the work was taken up in September last year. The work is expected to be completed by June of next year.
DMRC officials said that three more single-tube tunnels will be constructed at Azadpur, Netaji Subhash Place and Lajpat Nagar on the Majlis Park-Shiv Vihar section under the already operational elevated corridors of Line 2, 1 and 6, respectively.
Previously, the NATM method was used at Chawri Bazar, Budhha Jayanti Park and Saket.
The progress of work on the Phase-III network of DMRC, of which the under-construction tunnel is a part, has slowed down owing to difficulties in land acquisition.
Recently, DMRC Managing Director Mangu Singh wrote to Delhi Chief Secretary DM Spolia seeking his intervention in the matter which may result in DMRC missing the project deadline of 2016.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Four IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1 cror...B. Tech
(It is not everyday that a…)
KANPUR: Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IITKanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them -- three boys and a girl student -- at the premier technological institute here is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made yesterday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI today.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till Dec. 24.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India has potential to emerge as reinsuranc...India has potential to emerge as reinsurance hub: Experts
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.14AM IST
0
Share More
A hike in FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent can help India emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia, say industry experts
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: A hike in FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent can help India emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia, say industry experts.
A Parliamentary Committee, examining the Bill on raising the FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent, will be presenting its report on December 8.
India could become an insurance hub if the government proposal on FDI hike in the key sector comes through and it comes out with right regulation and infrastructure, they said.
"In economic terms, India is at a turning point in its history, experiencing a renaissance politically, commercially, culturally. While GDP globally is flat, the IMF recently has revised India's forecasts upwards to 5.6 per cent," Lloyd's Chairman John Nelson has said.
He was speaking at the first-ever Indian International Insurance Summit at London organised recently by Asia Insurance Post and Indian Merchants' Chambers.
"Most importantly, the new government has already demonstrated that it is open to economic reform to encourage business to become outward looking and to modernise itself," he said.
Significant Indian risks include earthquake, drought, storm and flood, and this year we have recently witnessed devastating flood events in Kashmir and Jammu, followed by severe losses from Cyclones Hudhud and Nilofer, Nelson said.
"Putting this in numerical terms, our research shows a 1 per cent rise in insurance penetration translates into a 13 per cent reduction in uninsured losses - a 22 per cent reduction in the taxpayer contribution following a disaster - and increased investment equivalent of 2 per cent of national GDP. "We see examples of this virtuous circle played out in many economies," he explained.
At present, non-life insurance penetration in India is under 1 per cent of GDP (0.8 per cent).
GIC Re General Manager Alice Vaidyan said India has potential to emerge as a regional insurance hub. "The Indian markets have been the top performers in Asia Pacific region."
"India could benefit from the expertise of the London insurance industry," New India Assurance Director and General Manager Sanath Kumar said at the summit.
Swiss Re Global Partnerships Chairman Martyn Parker said the Indian Government should allow opening of local branches of international re-insurers.

Obama calls de Blasio about Garner caseOne day after a New York grand jury declined to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner, President Obama said, "Too many Americans feel deep unfairness" in the criminal justice system. (WhiteHouse.gov)
This post has been updated 
President Obama said Thursday he had called New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, one day day after a New York grand jury declined to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner, who died after the officer put him in a choke hold -- a decision that sparked protests in New York and around the country.
Obama, speaking at a college opportunity summit, said he applauded de Blasio for his remarks yesterday, in which the mayor spoke emotionally about his teenage son Dante. The president said he also praised the mayor and New Yorkers for protesting peacefully.
"I commended him for his words yesterday," the president said of de Blasio, and the way "New Yorkers have been engaging in peaceful protests and being productive."
Obama noted that the mayor had attended a meeting of officials at the White House last week in the wake of a grand jury's decision not to indict a white police officer who shot and killed an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Mo.
Obama and de Blasio spoke about how the problem of distrust between law enforcement and communities they serve “is not just a problem in New York or Ferguson but in far too many communities across the country. They pledged to work together to strengthen the trust and bond between law enforcement and the community they serve,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
Earnest said the White House would not rule out Obama visiting Ferguson, New York or Cleveland, where a 12-year-old boy who was holding a BB gun was shot and killed by a police officer.
The Cleveland police have engaged in a pattern of recklessly using excessive force, the Justice Department said in a report issued Thursday.
“We saw too many incidents in which officers accidentally shot someone either because they fired their guns accidentally or because they shot the wrong person,” the report said.
The Justice Department has opened a civil rights investigation into the Garner case. It will be led by Loretta Lynch, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York and Obama's attorney general nominee. There is also a federal civil rights investigation into the Ferguson case, though the Justice Department has all but concluded they do not have a strong enough case to bring charges against the officer, Darren Wilson.
Echoing comments he made after both grand jury decisions, Obama said that many feel as though there is a chasm between America's legal standards and how they are actually employed.
"Too many Americans feel deep unfairness when it comes to the gap between our professed ideals and how laws are applied on a day to day basis," he said.
Obama said that the nation must act as one - and follow the "heart of the American ideal," which is the "sense that we're all in this together," he said.
"At some level everybody is our kid," he said. "Everybody is our responsibility."
David Nakamura contributed reporting 

How red or blue is your neighborhood Find out here.By Philip Bump December 4 Follow @pbump
We looked into the future a bit to assess the most Democratic and Republican House districts once 2015 rolls around. But what if you want to know about right here and right now? How Democratic or Republican is the exact spot where you are at this moment? Are your neighbors a bunch of hippies or tea parties?
We are here to help with this pressing and common concern. The tool below will take your current location (for which you need to give permission in your browser, usually near the top) (we don't keep the data) (promise) and tell you the composition of your state and federal representatives. Do you live in one of the bluest or reddest places in America? Let's find out!
If you're a particularly partisan sort, there's an additional advantage to this. Driving through New Jersey from Texas and want to know how well your "NOBUMMER" bumper sticker will go over? Or maybe your flight from New York to Los Angeles over Kansas had mechanical issues and you had to land in Topeka. Need to know how hard it will be to find a chai latte? Voila.
If you're the braggy sort, notice that there's a "tweet this" button. You should click that. The only thing more fun than staunch partisanship is making sure people know about staunch partisanship. Twitter is here to help.
Enormous thanks to the Sunlight Foundation for providing the APIs that power this.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

Mark Begich considers run for Anchorage mayorBy Reid Wilson December 4 Follow @postreid
In this March 28, 2012 file photo, Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska) speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File)
Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska) won’t serve in the 114th Congress next year after he lost his seat to Republican Dan Sullivan. But Begich may not be done with elected office: Buzz in Anchorage is that he’s considering running for mayor, again.
Begich started his political career as an Anchorage Assemblyman — what they call their city council — in 1988. He ran for mayor unsuccessfully in 1994 and 2000 before winning the job in 2003, and winning reelection in 2006.
Now, with incumbent Mayor Dan Sullivan — not the same guy who beat Begich in November — retiring, Begich has hinted he might want his old job back.
In an interview with KTVA-TV on Wednesday, Begich said he had been asked to run, though he wouldn’t say whether he’ll jump in the race.
“There’s been a lot of inquiries — as you can imagine, my cellphone rings off and on with people asking, e-mails and text messages,” Begich told the anchor. “People have ideas for me, I guess, and speculation — and I’ll leave that out there for right now.”
Andrew Halcro, president of the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce, told Alaska Dispatch News he talked to Begich about the race over coffee last week.
“He said he was thinking about everything and seeing about getting his thoughts together in the next week,” Halcro told the paper . “I think he’s considering all his options — that’s what he said to me.”
The election will be held in April.
Halcro, a former Republican member of the legislature who ran for governor as an independent in 2006, is thinking of running for mayor himself. So are three other more liberal members of the Anchorage Assembly and a Democratic state senator. But they’re all waiting, they say, for Begich to make up his mind.
Begich hasn’t frozen the entire field: Six candidates have already filed, including two former and one current Anchorage Assembly members who all hail from the conservative end of the spectrum.
A spokesman said Begich is focusing on his final weeks as a senator and won’t comment on his future plans.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

Will Obama be abandoned on IranBy Jennifer Rubin December 4 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Hillary Clinton will be speaking at the Saban Forum this weekend . She may provide us with some hints as to where she is on Iran and whether she will step away from the president and embrace the bipartisan majority in favor of new sanctions. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who will also speak, has plenty of questions for her. “Where are you going to be? Do you believe Congress should approve any deal and have its say? Do you support the concept of conceding enrichment [to Iran]?” In between Senate votes, Graham reels off these and a series of questions for the hard-to-pin-down 2016 Democratic hopeful. “Do you think Obama wants a deal too badly?”
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), left, and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.). (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
Graham thinks Iran has reached a tipping point for Americans and for Congress. “The Iranian issue is galvanizing Republicans, Democrats, conservatives and liberals in a way I have not seen since I’ve been here,” he tells me. “In January the influence the White House has in stopping legislation ends. When Susan Rice suggests we don’t need sanction, you can bet we do. This is the lady who told us Benghazi was about a video. This is the lady who was the architect of our Syria and Iraq policy.”
He is confident that in the new Senate the Menendez-Kirk bill to enact sanctions and the Corker-Graham bill to require Congress to vote on any final deal will pass with overwhelming, bipartisan support. He recalled that Congress has enacted a series of measures seeking to bolster the president’s hand. President Obama spoke out against containment so the Senate passed a non-binding resolution 90 to 1 declaring containment would not be the U.S. policy. (You can guess who the sole opponent was .) Later, Obama declared “we have Israel’s back,” so the Senate passed another resolution saying that in the event Israel would have to act, the United States would give the Jewish state its full support. At the time Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) said , “While this resolution makes absolutely clear that we are not authorizing the use of force, it does make clear that we have Israel’s back, that if Israel is compelled to take military action in self-defense against Iran’s nuclear program that we should stand with Israel – using all the tools of our national power – to assist Israel in defense of its territory, people and existence.”
In 2015, the Senate would again be enforcing the president’s own words. Wasn’t Obama the one to promise much more “pressure” if Iran did not sign a deal ? Haven’t his advisers promised they’d come right back to Congress if Iran stalled? Taking the president at (what was once) his word, the Senate and the House can ratchet up sanctions, demand a vote and also, as several lawmakers have recommended, set a bottom line for the negotiations — again based on what the president’s advisers have affirmed is U.S. policy.
Speaking at the Foreign Policy Initiative. Sen.-elect Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) spoke in favor of new sanctions and criticized the president for, in essence, giving away the store. The only senator so far to object publicly is Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who doesn’t want to “interfere” with the negotiators. Whether Paul finds some way to justify reversing his position or some excuse to justify what may be the only GOP vote against sanctions remains to be seen. ( Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , who previously agreed with Paul, warned before the last deadline was missed, “Talks on implementation of the Nov. 24 agreement are ongoing, but time is running out. If Iran is simply using this as another stalling tactic, further congressional action will be warranted.” He sounds poised to join the rest of the GOP.)
Senate Democrats like Menendez have given Clinton cover to move away from the president. Clinton in turn, with a show of support to Menendez and other Democrats, can show her independence from the White House (could this have been a topic during her one hour meeting with the president?) and join the overwhelming bipartisan support for strong congressional action. That will leave Obama and Rice to argue the case that any action would be dangerous. We trust they won’t call Clinton a “war monger.” Oh, but they will have Paul’s vote of confidence.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

This one Hillary Clinton quote about climate change is very  very importantBy Greg Sargent December 4 Follow @theplumlinegs
Hillary Clinton said something important about climate change this week — something that could resonate into the next presidential race. It isn’t what you’ve read about, though. Clinton gave a speech at the League of Conservation Voters, and judging by the headlines about it, you’d think the newsworthy portion was her unwillingness to take a position on the Keystone pipeline.
That is understandably frustrating to environmental activists. But now that video of the full speech is available , it’s obvious that her Keystone dodge is potentially far less important than this portion:
“You pushed for and rallied behind President Obama’s use of the Clean Air Act to set the first ever federal limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants, which are driving the most dangerous effects of climate change. As you know so well, power plants account for about 40 percent of the carbon pollution in the United States, and therefore must be addressed. And the unprecedented action that President Obama has taken must be protected at all cost.
“So this is an exciting time. From the administration’s announcement last month of a $3 billion commitment to the global green climate fund, to that new joint announcement with China, to new rules under consideration for ozone, we continue to push forward. But that is just the beginning of what is needed.”
Taking Clinton at her word, this hints at the ways in which climate could become an important issue in the 2016 race. The key is that it is a forward-looking policy statement. Clinton isn’t simply praising Obama’s environmental record. She is also saying that protecting and implementing his policies for years into the future is an urgent priority — which is to say, an urgent priority for the next president.
There is a great deal riding on the successful implementation of those policies — long after Obama leaves office. As Coral Davenport explained the other day , Obama is currently using the 1970 Clean Air Act to put in place a far-reaching environmental legacy that, most prominently, includes ambitious new regulations on existing power plants. Implementation of these regulations will reach years into the future, with the eventual goal of reducing carbon-dioxide emissions from U.S. power plants by 25 percent into the next decade, and by 30 percent by 2013.
The question of whether the U.S. successfully reduces emissions over time has important long term international ramifications. The success of the recently announced deal between the United States and China to cap or reduce emissions will turn in part on whether the U.S. meets its own goals, and as Philip Bump noted recently , this could be complicated if a Republican president takes over in 2017.
Indeed, Republicans have pledged to do everything possible to roll back Obama’s environmental regulations, and they essentially received the news of the China deal with a big shrug. What’s more, the 2016 GOP candidates might dig in even harder against Obama’s regs. After all, once Obama announced his executive action to defer deportations, that immediately supplanted Obamacare as the leading Enemy Of Freedom for the Tea Party . Next year, Obama will likely be talking about climate change a good deal more, as negotiations for a global climate treaty get underway — hopes for which were boosted by news of the U.S.-China deal. There will likely be court challenges to the new regs, which means more attention to them. They, too, could become another Tea Party preoccupation — which means the 2016 GOP presidential candidates may be expected to pledge to eradicate them once elected president.
As Ron Brownstein noted recently , climate is a key area in which Hillary will embrace Obama’s legacy, even as Republicans line up to campaign for president by vowing to unwind it. Clinton has now confirmed this, on her side, by vowing to protect Obama’s initiatives “at all cost.” The battle may shape up as one over whether the U.S. should participate in global efforts to reduce carbon emissions, and embrace all the difficult domestic policy trade-offs that will entail, or retreat from them.
Perhaps for Clinton, such promises are little more than checking a box for an important Democratic constituency (the environmental movement). Perhaps her consultants will want her to shy away from discussing climate out of fear of alienating blue collar whites in swing states. But the key architect of Obama’s climate agenda, John Podesta, is expected to play a major role on Clinton’s campaign . The Democratic coalition in national elections is less and less reliant on culturally conservative downscale whites, and Democrats are increasingly organized around the priorities — climate included — of its emerging coalition of millennials, minorities, and socially liberal college educated whites.
In the end Obama can probably increase the chances that climate change will be a real issue in 2016 simply by talking about it as much as possible. This is something he appears determined to do. And on this issue, in rhetorical terms, at least, Clinton is laying down her marker.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

George Will guilty of conflict of interestBy Erik Wemple December 4 Follow @ErikWemple
Washington Post columnist George Will
In a Nov. 19 piece , Washington Post columnist George Will wrote some nice things about an outfit called the Wisconsin Institute for Law & Liberty (WILL) , a group that litigates in the areas of “property rights, the freedom to earn a living, voting rights, regulation, taxation, school choice, and religious freedom.” This nonprofit is fighting what Will terms a Justice Department attempt to destroy the school-choice program in Wisconsin.
“The Justice Department’s perverse but impeccably progressive theory can be called ‘osmotic transfer,’” writes Will. “It is called this by the Wisconsin Institute for Law & Liberty (WILL), which is defending Wisconsin children against Washington’s aggression. The department’s theory is: Contact between a private institution and government, however indirect or attenuated the contact, can permeate the private institution with public aspects, transferring to it, as if by osmosis, the attributes of a government appendage.”
Will is railing against the Justice Department’s directive that Wisconsin’s state education bureaucracy take “stronger steps to ensure children with disabilities are enrolled and served properly by private voucher schools,” according to a May 2013 story in the Journal Sentinel . The columnist writes, “The federal government is attempting to order the state to require the choice schools to choose between the impossible and the fatal — between offering services they cannot afford or leaving the voucher program.” WILL is pushing back, with arguments that Will endorses.
In George Will tradition, the column is tight and eloquently argued, but it features one omission: Will’s connection to WILL. Since 2008 , Will has been a member of the board of directors at the Milwaukee-based Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation , which dedicates itself to “ preserving and defending the tradition of free representative government and private enterprise ” in the United States. That mission entails issuing grants to organizations across the country that support the foundation’s objectives.
The foundation’s 2011 annual report includes a record of a $500,000 grant to WILL, to “ support general operations. ” WILL’s Form 990 for 2011, which appears to be its first year in operation, shows a contribution total of $505,000 , meaning that the Bradley Foundation gave critical seed money to the outfit. Its 2012 and 2013 reports also detail grants of $500,000 to WILL.
As a member of the Bradley Foundation board of directors, how much influence does Will have over the foundation’s funding decisions? Plenty, at least according to the group’s annual report: “The programs and funding decisions of the Bradley Foundation are the responsibility of the Board of Directors,” according to a section on grantmaking policies .
This case highlights Will’s intersecting lines of influence. He’s a director of the Bradley Foundation, an entity with more than $800 million in assets and 2013 grants totaling nearly $34 million to organizations in Wisconsin and across the country, including big-time Beltway entities like the Americans for Prosperity Foundation , the American Enterprise Institute and the Federalist Society . His column is syndicated to about 450 newspapers . Keeping those two worlds separate is quite a job, as the Nov. 19 column demonstrates: Here, Will touted an outlet funded generously by a group he helps to lead. And thanks to the columnist’s kind words, WILL may have an easier time finding funders outside of the Bradley Foundation. All very cozy, synergistic and, as media critics might say, an out-and-out conflict of interest — an offense of which Will has been accused before .
Through his assistant, Will has passed along an extensive and thoughtful defense of the column, which we’re printing in full:
I am a conservative. The Bradley Foundation’s mission is to support conservative scholars and causes. As one of 12 directors, I vote approval of hundreds of applications for Bradley support, applications vetted and presented to the board by Bradley staff. WILL is one of the recent hundreds.
The column I wrote was not about WILL. It was about the legal arguments impinging upon the clients — schools in Wisconsin’s choice program — that WILL is serving. My “connection” with WILL is slight. In this case, WILL’s lawyers were sources of information and instruction. I have written about school choice and its opponents many times over the years, and would have written about the Milwaukee case even if WILL had not been involved.
Similarly, there is an exemplary program serving inner city Milwaukee children that I plan to write about. It, too, receives some of its funding from Bradley. And I see no reason — no service to readers — to disclose my several degrees of separation from the program: My tenuous connection has no bearing on what I think about what they do. There comes a point when disclosure of this and that becomes clutter, leaving readers to wonder what the disclosed information has to do with anything.
My wife is a political operative and from time to time I have disclosed that when writing about politics. Such a disclosure tells readers something they did not know that might condition how they judge what I write. I do not see how disclosure of my connection to Bradley, and Bradley’s connection to WILL, and WILL’s connection to the school choice program, would be important to readers.
Bold text added to facilitate rebuttal: Will’s connection to these organizations relates to his role in funding them. Money is never a “tenuous” connection.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Republicans set a calm and steady courseComments
By Ed Rogers December 4 Follow @EdRogersDC
Not that I think they ever did, but right now, Republicans are definitely not playing to the negative stereotypes the Democrats tried to create and promote during the November elections. GOP leaders are being very matter-of-fact about wanting to avoid the type of brinkmanship that could produce unflattering government shutdowns or the prospect of a U.S. default. Republican leaders in Congress are working on a reality-based agenda that will focus on reaching targeted agreements with the White House. The GOP’s approach reminds me of the recent AT&T commercial where a policeman pulls over two men in a car and asks them, “Where are you headed at such an appropriate speed?”
It would appear that the new Republican leadership in Congress wants to operate completely in the world of the rational. The ideologues are not in charge. Even the twin evils of Obamacare and the president’s liberal executive actions on immigration will be addressed through bite-size repeals and the introduction of incremental new measures meant to solve some of our current problems.
In a recent interview at the Wall Street Journal CEO Council Meeting, House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) says he wants to “get ready to govern in ’17 by giving the country an agenda in ’15 and ’16 and meanwhile pass what we can pass to make a difference in people’s lives.” For all the Democrats’ talk about Republican extremism and how the various rights of their favored groups would be trampled by the frightening Republicans, the GOP appears to be on a path of measured and doable reforms.
If the Republicans continue this approach, it will become obvious to more and more voters that the Republicans’ affirmative agenda doesn’t fit the shrill harangues from Democrats about Republican deprivation and obstructionism. With Republicans refusing to take the bait, Democratic attempts to sound the alarm and frighten people will leave the Democrats vulnerable to looking like malcontents who don’t have anything positive of their own to offer voters.
Since governing isn’t President Obama’s strong suit, it will be interesting to see how he reacts to a tempered, reasonable approach from Republicans. Will he try to shape policy through dialogue and participation, or will he go on the attack? Will the president allow Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) to continue to call the shots, or will he begin to lead his party on Capitol Hill?
If Obama wants to help get some legislation passed and engage in give-and-take with Republicans, Washington may be a little boring for a while. But after all the vindictive finger-pointing voters have had to endure for the past few years, a little boring process management and incremental results could be welcome.
 
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Eric Garner and the devalued lives of black menBy Jonathan Capehart December 4 Follow @capehartj
There’s this sophomoric joke from the “Fat Albert” cartoon series I heard as a kid that still makes me laugh. “What do you and summer vacation have in common?” one of Albert’s friends asks another. “Noooo claassss!” And that accurately describes Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) and his characteristically callous comments about Eric Garner.
You had a 350-pound person who is resisting arrest. The police were trying to bring him down as quickly as possible. If he had not had asthma and a heart condition and was so obese most definitely he would not have died from this. The police had no reason to know that he was in serious condition. You know, people are saying that he said 11 times or seven times “I can’t breathe.” Well, the fact is that if you can’t breathe you can’t talk.
King spewed this ugliness hours after a Staten Island grand jury yesterday  decided not to indict New York City Police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the July death of Garner. Nevermind his death was captured on video. Nevermind Garner repeatedly said “I can’t breathe.” Nevermind his death was ruled a homicide because of a chokehold. Nevermind chokeholds are a violation of NYPD policy.
The entire nation is left wondering: What does it take to hold a police officer accountable in the death of a citizen? And that question takes on heightened significance when that citizen is African American and part of a horrific list of black men and boys who have died at the hands of law enforcement and others. “African American men are being taught a lesson about how this society values, or devalues, our lives,” writes Eugene Robinson about the grand jury’s decision in his Thursday column.
Former chief judge of New York State Sol Wachtler gave us the revelatory observation that prosecutors could get a grand jury to “indict a ham sandwich.” Michael Steele, the first African American to head the Republican National Committee, put Wachtler’s memorable phrase into stark perspective yesterday on MSNBC. “[C]learly a black man’s life is not worth a ham sandwich when you put these stories together.” I have nothing further to add.
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

The search for the perfect Christmas tree (PHOTOS)By Kevin Ambrose December 4
A freshly cut tree at the Snickers Gap Christmas Tree Farm , November 29, 2014. (Kevin Ambrose)
“Is there still snow on the ground out there?” I asked when someone at the Snickers Gap Christmas Tree Farm answered their phone. There was a pause on the other end of the line.
“Um, yes, we still have some snow,” was the response, “but it’s melting a bit.”
“How much snow?” I asked with a serious tone. There was another pause. I was wondering if they thought I was making a prank call.
“About an inch or two,” was the answer. “That’s perfect,” I said. “I’ll be out first thing in the morning to cut down a tree.”
I have always tried to time my trips to Christmas tree farms with snow on the ground. Dragging a freshly cut tree through the snow makes for an especially festive, Christmas experience. Throw in some hot apple cider and Christmas tunes during the car ride to-and-from the farm and it’s a memory-maker for the entire family.
The view of Loudoun Valley from the top of Snickers Gap Christmas Tree Farm, November 29, 2014. (Kevin Ambrose)
I know, an inch or two of snow barely qualifies as a “snowy trip” but it’s much better than some of the warm, tree-cutting outings from past years.
Several years ago, during an Indian summer afternoon in late November, I was bit by a deer tick cutting down a Christmas tree in a farm near Great Falls. It was my first Christmas tick. I spent the rest of the Christmas season taking doxycycline twice a day as a precaution for Lyme disease. Not fun. That’s one more reason I like cold and snow – no ticks.
Early on Saturday morning, I drove my two sons out to the Snickers Gap Christmas Tree Farm. They’re 17 and 19 years old.  I had holiday cheer blasting through the radio from WASH-FM as we drove west on Route 7.
When we arrived at the tree farm, we were greeted by the farm staff with maps, saws, pulling ropes, and measuring sticks. I know the drill quite well so I quickly grabbed a saw and rope and charged the hill with my sons struggling to keep pace.
A tractor ride with the Christmas trees. (Kevin Ambrose)
I was looking for a big tree. The kind of tree that justifies owning a Ford F-150 for hauling it home. A manly — but shapely — tree, with supple, soft needles. I hate getting stabbed in the fingers by sharp needles while putting on bulbs.
The search for the perfect tree lasted only 30 minutes. We found a big, beautiful tree about halfway up the hillside from where we parked.  It towered above us.
Posing with the freshly cut Christmas tree.
Cutting down the tree was a bit of a chore but the icy snow made it easier to drag it to the shed.  I made the boys drag the tree.  It’s payback for all those years when I had to drag the tree while trying to keep the boys from running off and getting lost in the tree farm.
The staff took over when we arrived at the shed. They tagged the tree, shook the tree, and netted the tree. We then waited in very long line to pay the bill. I joked to my boys that the line at Home Depot to buy a pre-cut Christmas tree was probably much shorter.
While we waited, hot cider, food, and wine was served to the customers which made standing in the line much more bearable.  I love hot cider but I opted for wine.  I even had the boys wait in line without me while I stepped out for a quick wine tasting served by the Notaviva Vineyards.  Wine, snow, and Christmas trees – what a nice combination!
A wine tasting at the tree farm by Notaviva Vineyards. One more reason to enjoy cutting down a Christmas tree. (Kevin Ambrose)
On the way out, I spoke to co-owner, Mark Wolff, about the Snickers Gap tree farm.  He said that his brother Steven began planting trees in 1981 and in 1989 they opened for business.  Mark said that they have had a constant stream of customers ever since, but I’d venture to guess they have an increasing stream of customers.  The farm was bustling with activity and the parking lot was full.
The Snickers Gap tree farm is very popular and I’d recommend arriving early.  I’d also recommend timing your trip with snow on the ground, if we’re fortunate enough to receive another snowfall this Christmas season.  If not – watch out for ticks! I hear it’ll be warmer than average this month.
Do you have a favorite tree farm that you visit? Or do you prefer to go to Home Depot and roadside tree stands to save time and money? Perhaps you prefer to spend December “tree-free.” Share your story with us in the comments!
The line to pay for the trees was rather long.  There was hot cider, hot dogs, pretzels, and wine available to make the wait quite bearable. (Kevin Ambrose)
A nice view of the Snickers Gap Christmas Tree Farm, November 29, 2014. (Kevin Ambrose)
Carrying the tree to the truck. Mission accomplished with lots of great Christmas time memories. (Brad Ambrose)

3BallMTY forges new paths across the global dance floorPathfinders don’t come more baby-faced than 3BallMTY. Four years ago, the cherubic trio’s dizzying dance tracks were stoking such a massive teenage fervor, the Latin music site Remezcla would later call them the “Mexican Jonas Brothers.”
Erick Rincon, Sheeqo Beat and DJ Otto make up 3BallMTY. (Daniel E. Reyes Pardo)
Erick Rincón, Sheeqo Beat and DJ Otto — now 21, 22 and 22, respectively — sure didn’t sound like anything on the Disney Channel. The sound they were chasing was called “tribal guarachero,” a smushed-together genre that combines deeply traditional rhythms and rave-friendly digital pulses. As teenagers, the trio nurtured the sound by DJing quinceañera parties in their native Monterrey, then popularized it across the planet with their sensational 2011 debut album, “ Inténtalo .”
In March, 3BallMTY — pronounced “tribal Monterrey” — returned with “ Globall ,” an even flashier sophomore effort that enlisted superstar producer Dr. Luke, Los Angeles pop-rap quartet Far East Movement and the quasi-novelty country singer Cowboy Troy — a motley cast so ill-fit for this highly specialized music, it occasionally gives the album a tang of giddy surrealism.
But ultimately, this music is rooted in rhythmic dialogue — futuristic thumps and ancient shuffles speaking to one another across borders and centuries.
With Los Rakas on Dec. 11 at 8 p.m. The Fillmore, 8656 Colesville Rd., Silver Spring. 301-960-9999.  www.fillmoresilverspring.com . $26.50.
Chris Richards became the Post's pop music critic in 2009. He has covered D.I.Y. house shows, White House concerts, go-go and Gaga.

Maps trace driver options on I-95 HOT lanesBy Robert Thomson December 4 Follow @RT_Thomson
Click here to visit the page on the 95 Express Lanes Web site where you can download a pdf of the northbound and southbound access points. (Transurban map)
Maybe this is generational: Some readers who have explored the Web site for the 95 Express Lanes like the interactive map that allows travelers to plot out their own trips via the many entry and exit points along the 29-mile route.
Others say it’s just confusing. They want to look at a just-plain map that shows the route and the access points all at once.
My speculation about the generations is that those who grew up driving with a GPS view of the highway network are more comfortable with maps that don’t show everything at once. The rest of us may feel the need to stare at a more traditional map that doesn’t move around or require any clicking to display all its layers.
I’ve found the interactive map very helpful and recommend that people who use this section of I-95 and I-395 in Northern Virginia check it out. But I also asked Michael McGurk, spokesman for the 95 Express Lanes, if the static map often used in presentations about the express lanes could be made available on the Web site.
Map shows travel options where the 95 Express Lanes cross the Capital Beltway. (Transurban map)
McGurk says that travelers can now download a printable copy of the express lanes map by going to the page with the interactive version and looking in the upper right corner for the link that reads Download Access Map. Clicking on that will yield a pdf version similar to the map at the top of this posting that shows the northbound and southbound access points.
While the printable map has advantages as a study guide, it will not give you as much detail as the interactive version. In the interactive model, you first select a direction, northbound or southbound, then select from menus of entry and exit points. After that, click View Your Route. That simplifies the map. But you can also click on the labels for the entry and exit points to see the access points in more detail.
Most are quite simple, but I extracted the zoomed-in view of the Capital Beltway interchange at right to illustrate why it’s a good idea to study the maps before you travel.
See also

Division-heavy December begins Thursday for CapsBy Alex Prewitt December 4 Follow @alex_prewitt
Braden Holtby starts in goal against the Hurricanes (AP Photo/Canadian Press, Darren Calabrese).
RALEIGH, N.C. – Less than four weeks ago, in the middle of their only winning streak this season that has lasted longer than two games, the Washington Capitals squeaked past the Carolina Hurricanes in overtime , snapping a four-game surge for the last team in the NHL to win a game.
Since then, both teams have won just four times. They are separated by five points in the Metropolitan Division standings, the NHL’s only division in which the third-place team hasn’t yet reached 30 points. Instead, the New York Rangers (11-9-4, 26 points) hold that spot, with the Capitals (10-10-4, 24 points) not far behind.
And so begins a critical December stretch of Eastern Conference matchups, including eight within the division.
“They are important,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “You look at the way the playoff format is set, you either can get in through your division or you have to get through the wild card. Right now, our division hasn’t been as strong as some of the other divisions. A), we’ve got to have a good record in our division, gives us a chance to finish in the top three, and also if we’re not there, it gives you a pretty good chance at a wild card position if you’re playing well. They’re all four-point games, especially when you’re playing within the conference.”
Over their past three games, the Hurricanes split a home-and-home with Pittsburgh and topped Central Division-leading Nashville. Though starting goaltender Cam Ward will miss Thursday night with a lower-body injury, Trotz sees a different group than the Carolina team which exited the first period at Verizon Center outshot on goal, 18-3.
“A little bit of a tough start,” Trotz said. “They had some injuries, what have you. I think they were 0-6-2, then they were 8-7-1 since that point. I think they came together as a team. Very good work ethic. The neutral zone I think is a lot more solid than maybe it was early, like every team’s going to be better in their systems. Getting Eric Staal on a regular basis probably helps in the middle. I think they’re playing a good team game, a lot of pressure on the puck, high work ethic and high-character game. Good power play.”
Here, the Capitals might find trouble given their struggling penalty kill, which has allowed three goals in each of the past two games . Carolina’s 79 power play chances this season ranks just 20th in the NHL, but its 21.5 percent conversion rate is a respectable ninth. Washington’s penalty kill, on the other hand, plummeted to 29th after poor nights against the New York Islanders and Toronto.
“Very few coaches will tell you every part of their game is solid,” Trotz said. “There’s always things that happens. If your power play’s not working well, you work on your power play, then your five-on-five play suffers, or your penalty kill suffers or something like that. You’re always trying to balance that out a little bit. Last game, I thought obviously our start had to be better, but our starts at home have not been good, but our five-on-five play was decent.”
Trotz hinted at bottom-six lineup changes but did not tip his hand, only saying, “I’m going to move some guys on the other line. Fourth line will be a little different as well.” During morning rushes, the top three lines remained unchanged, but Michael Latta centered the fourth line instead of Andre Burakovsky, who alternated with Evgeny Kuznetsov higher on the depth chart.
Defenseman Mike Green will miss his fifth straight game with an upper-body injury but skated with the Capitals on Thursday morning. He took it easy on slap shots and passes, still building up strength, and should practice Friday in New Jersey.
“This is the first day,” Trotz said. “Trainers are holding him back, just the upper body injury. Today was a feel-out today, then tomorrow he’ll start pounding pucks.”
Braden Holtby starts for the Capitals in goal. Without Ward, Anton Khudobin goes for the Hurricanes.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Jackson among three starters sidelinedBy Mike Jones December 4 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington wide receiver DeSean Jackson scores a third quarter touchdown, but he left later in the quarter wtih an injury. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Wide receiver DeSean Jackson and five other Redskins players missed Thursday’s practice with injuries and remain questionable for Sunday’s game against the St. Louis Rams.
Jackson, who leads the Redskins in receiving yards and touchdown catches , continues to nurse the lower leg bruise that forced him out of last week’s game against the Colts.
Meanwhile, two other starters, inside linebacker Keenan Robinson (sprained medial collateral ligament), and strong safety Brandon Meriweather (sprained toe) also were unable to practice. Backup defensive lineman Kedric Golston (foot, back), cornerback Chase Minnifield (concussion) and cornerback E.J. Biggers (concussion) all remained sidelined as well.
Defensive end Jason Hatcher (knee), nose tackle Chris Baker (chest) and safety Ryan Clark (stinger) all practiced in a limited capacity.
Backup linebacker Will Compton (stinger) practiced fully despite receiving treatment for his injury. He would start at inside linebacker in place of Robinson if the third-year pro cannot play Sunday. Linebacker Ryan Kerrigan (wrist) and running back Silas Redd Jr. (rib) also practiced fully.
Backup tackle Tyler Polumbus missed practice to tend to a family matter, Coach Jay Gruden said.
More from The Post:

New York Mayor Bill de Blasio pens an open letter after the Eric Garner decision: There is much more to be done.By Abby Phillip December 4 Follow @abbydphillip
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Thursday that those angry with the grand jury decision not to indict a police officer in the death Eric Garner should work for positive change. (Reuters)
In an open letter one day after a Staten Island grand jury declined to indict New York police officer Daniel Pantaleo in the death of Eric Garner, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called for peaceful protests and pledged to work toward repairing the relationship between police and the community.
It was the mayor’s second response to the public outcry following the grand jury’s decision. The first came Wednesday night de Blasio (D) invoked his 17-year-old son, Dante, who is African American.
“I’ve had to worry over the years… is Dante safe each night?” de Blasio said at a news conference, hours after the decision was announced. “Is my child safe, and not just from some of the painful realities of crime and violence in some of our neighborhoods, but safe from the very people they want to have faith in as their protectors? That’s the reality.”
It was a tough stance for a city mayor to take in response to a case involving his own police force. And the law enforcement community, which viewed his comments as something of a betrayal, responded with anger .
“Police officers feel like they are being thrown under the bus,” Patrick J. Lynch, president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, said at a news conference Thursday.
But de Blasio’s willingness to publicly sympathize with Garner’s grieving family and angry protesters is partly explained by the fact that he was speaking from his experience as the father of two black children and as a progressive Democratic mayor, the first elected in New York in nearly 25 years.
On Thursday, after a night of protests across the city, de Blasio released an open letter highlighting some of the changes that have already been put in place, some prior to the Garner case. He spoke more about reforms at a press conference on Thursday afternoon.
RELATED: New York Mayor, police union officials clash after grand jury decision in Eric Garner’s death
Here’s the full text of de Blasio’s open letter:
Eric Garner’s death was a terrible tragedy that no family should have to endure. For many across our city and our nation, yesterday’s grand jury ruling compounds feelings of grief with dissatisfaction and anger.As we reflect on the weeks leading up to yesterday’s decision and prepare our path forward, I want to share a snapshot of our short- and long-term plans to improve the relationship between police and the communities they serve.
First, this is not the end of the story — only the end of a chapter. The NYPD and the Justice Department will initiate their own investigations.
Second, New York City owns a proud and powerful tradition of expression through non-violent protest. Demonstrations and free speech are valuable contributions to debate, but violence and disorder are not only wrong — they are counterproductive.
Frustration is understandable. Centuries of racism precede us. But working together, we can turn from that history and make a profound and lasting change in the culture of law enforcement and bring police and community closer together.
We’ve already begun to make progress.
We’ve dramatically reduced the overuse and abuse of stop-and-frisk, initiated a comprehensive plan to retrain the entire NYPD to reduce the use of excessive force and to work with the community, reduced arrests for minor marijuana possession, and given officers body cameras to improve transparency and accountability.
And we know there is much more to be done.
Finally, in recent weeks, protesters and activists have adopted a phrase that should never have to be said, but that the stains on our country’s history demand we say: Black Lives Matter.
When invoking this refrain, we must be mindful that issues surrounding policing and civil rights are not just an issue for people of color, they’re not just a problem for young people, and they’re not just a problem for people who get stopped by police. They’re a problem for all Americans who care about justice.
As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said, “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”
Together, we must work to make this right, to work for justice, and to build the kind of city and the kind of country we need to be. And we will.
Thank you,
Bill de Blasio
Mayor
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Electric eels dont just freeze their prey -- they can also force them to twitch out of hidingBy Rachel Feltman December 4 Follow @rachelfeltman
Vanderbilt University professor Kenneth Catania explains how electric eels use their high-voltage charges to do more than simply disable their prey. (Vanderbilt University)
It turns out that electric eels can use their electric pulses to control their prey's nervous system -- activating specific brain cells in fish with different kinds of pulses. And these taser-like pulses don't just lock muscles in place to keep dinner from swimming away: When prey is hiding, the electric eels can actually use special pulses to make them spasm their way into view.
Vanderbilt biologist Kenneth Catania describes this mechanism in a study published Thursday in Science (and in the video above).
Catania wanted to study the relationship between electric eels ( which, fun fact, are actually fish ) and the fish they prey upon with shocks. It's clear that electric fish are formidable opponents, with pulses that could knock out a horse (really), but just how they use these while hunting hasn't been studied extensively.
He put his eel subjects under a high-speed camera so he could catch their quick movements. But when he watched the footage, he realized that it wasn't just their twists and turns that happened so quickly: They could zap and freeze their prey in about 3 milliseconds.
"That was amazing to me, so I had to figure out just how they do it," Catania said.
Electric eel shocks work a lot like a Taser -- or a remote control. (Kenneth Catania/Vanderbilt University)
It turns out that the electric eels in Catania's tank emitted three different kinds of electric pulses. They used low-voltage pulses to sense their environment, and sequences of two or three high-voltage millisecond pulses while hunting. Once they had prey in sight, they used high-voltage, high-frequency pulses to immobilize them.
But these pulses don't actually act on the muscles of the fish being preyed upon. Instead, they attack specific neurons. Catania confirmed this by injecting some of the prey with curare, a paralytic that works by inhibiting the nervous system. The fish treated with curare didn't have muscle contractions when they were zapped, indicating that the pulses worked via the nervous system.
In this way, the eel is remarkably like an electric stun-gun .
"In a sense, the eel is using electricity to move into the nervous system of its prey and control the neurons that control their muscles," Catania said. "It's giving them a sort of remote control over their prey."
But it's those millisecond long pulses sent out during the hunt, which Catania called doublets, that are really interesting. Instead of freezing the fish, these actually cause them to jerk around uncontrollably.
"Eels are incredibly sensitive to water motions, so if the prey is forced to move, the eel can find it," Catania said. "So they actually have two really remarkable strategies. The eel can cause either complete immobility or a sudden twitch, depending on its needs."
An electric eel attacks its immobilized prey. (Kenneth Catania/Vanderbilt University)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

New York police union: Officers feel like they are being thrown under the bus by city hallBy Elahe Izadi December 4 Follow @ElaheIzadi
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Thursday that those angry with the grand jury decision not to indict a police officer in the death Eric Garner should work for positive change. (Reuters)
Tensions between New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and some in the city’s police force came into full view Thursday, as police union officials accused the mayor of throwing the department “under the bus” in his response to a grand jury’s decision to not indict a white officer in Eric Garner’s killing.
“Police officers feel like they are being thrown under the bus,” Patrick J. Lynch, president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, said at a Thursday press conference. “Look, last night, the protesters — we may not agree with their message, but we were protecting their right to do it. That’s what they should be saying.”
De Blasio pushed back, thanking protesters for an “overwhelmingly” peaceful protest on Wednesday night that resulted in 83 arrests, and praising officers. “The response by the New York Police Department was exactly the right one. It was smart, it was strategic, it was agile. A lot of restraint was shown,” the mayor said as he announced a massive refresher training for the nation’s largest police force in the wake of Garner’s death.
“This is a sign of respect for the profession of policing,” de Blasio said of the training. “We put so many other professions on a pedestal and put a huge amount on training. This is a profession that deserves more support.”
RELATED: New York Mayor Bill de Blasio pens an open letter after the Eric Garner decision: ‘There is much more to be done.’
Starting this month, all 20,000 members of the city’s patrol force, including 2,500 sergeants and 900 lieutenants, will undergo a three-day training course that will include learning conflict-resolution skills and how to deescalate situations with methods other than force.
“Fundamental questions are being asked, and rightfully so, about how we respect people’s rights, how we reduce the use of force and the relationship between police and community,” de Blasio said.
The mayor declined to comment on whether such training would avoid a repeat of what happened between Garner and Officer Daniel Pantaleo, but he said that it will lead to “a very different reality.”
“This will protect our officers, protect lives of our citizens,” de Blasio said. “I have no doubt that some tragedies will be averted because of this training.”
A man distributes fliers to police officers at a protest in New York’s Union Square on Wednesday. (Kena Betancur/Getty Images)
After the grand jury declined to bring charges against Pantaleo, de Blasio met with clergy and others in Staten Island on Wednesday and then spoke about his personal fear that his African American son would fall victim to police brutality.
Lynch said Thursday that the mayor instead should have been telling residents to not resist arrest because it can lead to dangerous and sometimes tragic outcomes for officers and civilians alike.
An internal department review will begin into whether Pantaleo violated department conduct policies, just as the Justice Department launches a civil rights probe into the death of Garner, a 43-year-old unarmed black man, which was captured on video obtained by the Daily News and sparked mass outrage and an eventual investigation .
A judge also ordered the release of a very  limited amount of information about the grand jury investigation, per a request from Richmond County District Attorney Daniel Donovan. That information includes the fact that jurors sat for a period of nine weeks; heard from 50 witnesses, with 22 being civilians and the rest officers, emergency personnel and doctors; and considered 60 exhibits, which included four videos. The judge noted that much of that information had already been widely reported in the media.
The president of the union that represents New York City police officers praised Wednesday's grand jury decision in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the choking death of Eric Garner last summer. (AP)
Donovan had not asked for transcripts of testimony or the exhibits to be made public. In a statement, Donovan said he had no further comment on the grand jury investigation.
Union officials and de Blasio did agree on one thing: that more information related to the grand jury decision should be released.
Pantaleo “has no qualms if that information is released, because it’s the truth,” Lynch said. “He would like everyone to hear what the grand jurors heard.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Why Putin says Crimea is Russias Temple MountBy Ishaan Tharoor December 4 Follow @ishaantharoor
Russian President Vladimir Putin arrives in St. George's Hall in the Kremlin to deliver a state-of-the-nation speech on Thursday. (Alexey Druginyn/Ria Novosti via European Pressphoto Agency)
Russian President Vladimir Putin has a lot of immediate concerns on his mind. He's coping with an epic economic double whammy: the toll of Western sanctions imposed on Moscow over its power play in Ukraine this year and the precipitous fall of the Russian ruble, hit by a decline in global oil prices.
But, as my colleague Michael Birnbaum writes , that didn't stop Putin from using his annual state-of-the-nation address on Thursday to dredge up "centuries" of resentment and suspicion of the West. The Russian leader inveighed against the "speculators" waging war on his country's currency and decried U.S. meddling in Ukraine ahead of the departure of its pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in February.
Putin also justified his country's annexation of Ukraine's autonomous Crimean Peninsula as a matter of great historical redemption. The Black Sea region, Putin insisted, was as dear to Russians "as the Temple Mount in Jerusalem" is to Jews and Muslims.
That's a loaded metaphor, not least because tensions over the actual Temple Mount have led to violence and deaths in Jerusalem in recent months.
Crimea is where, in the 10th century, one of the first great Slavic princes  is said to have shed his pagan beliefs for the Orthodox Christianity of the Byzantine Empire. This is a moment deeply embedded in Russian nationalism, and Putin spoke of it at length on Thursday. Here is an excerpt from the Kremlin's official English translation :
It was an event of special significance for the country and the people, because Crimea is where our people live, and the peninsula is of strategic importance for Russia as the spiritual source of the development of a multifaceted but solid Russian nation and a centralised Russian state. It was in Crimea, in the ancient city of Chersonesus or Korsun, as ancient Russian chroniclers called it, that Grand Prince Vladimir was baptised before bringing Christianity to Rus.
In addition to ethnic similarity, a common language, common elements of their material culture, a common territory, even though its borders were not marked then, and a nascent common economy and government, Christianity was a powerful spiritual unifying force that helped involve various tribes and tribal unions of the vast Eastern Slavic world in the creation of a Russian nation and Russian state. It was thanks to this spiritual unity that our forefathers for the first time and forevermore saw themselves as a united nation. All of this allows us to say that Crimea, the ancient Korsun or Chersonesus, and Sevastopol have invaluable civilisational and even sacral importance for Russia, like the Temple Mount in Jerusalem for the followers of Islam and Judaism.
And this is hardly the first time Putin has invoked this history. He echoed this language in March, as Russian special forces helped carry out the swift capture of Crimea. "Everything in Crimea speaks of our shared history and pride," said the Russian president at the time. "This is the location of ancient [Khersonesos], where Prince Vladimir was baptized. His spiritual feat of adopting Orthodoxy predetermined the overall basis of the culture, civilization and human values” of all Russians.
The implications of this history lesson, though, are a bit murkier than Putin would have it. According to a poll last year , only a quarter of all Russians had heard of Prince Vladimir's baptism. And the prince's home was Kiev, not Moscow. "This probably only underlines the right of Kiev and not Moscow to Crimea," Andrei Zubov, a Russian historian, told Bloomberg News this week.
The ruins of Khersonesos — the ancient beachhead of Russian Christianity that Putin invokes — are close to the port city of Sevastopol, another site steeped in Russian history and blood, as WorldViews discussed earlier . In May, Putin delivered a speech in Sevastopol marking Russia's victory at the end of World War II. "The example of Sevastopol shows the world that in places where people are ready to fight for their freedom, the enemy will never conquer," he declared .
Putin, though increasingly beset by geopolitical headaches , is never short of nationalist bluster.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Americans are overwhelmingly against paying ransoms to terroristsBy Adam Taylor December 4 Follow @mradamtaylor
Al-Qaeda’s affiliate in the Arabian Peninsula threatened to kill Luke Somers, an American photojournalist, after U.S. commandos attempted to free him. (Reuters)
After the killing of three U.S. citizens by the militant group Islamic State this year, there has been a renewed debate in the United States about the logic of not paying ransoms to terrorists  — although many other nations do pay up covertly.
That debate may well come into focus again this week, after al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula — the terror network's affiliate in Yemen — threatened to kill Luke Somers, an American kidnapped in Yemen, in a video released Wednesday.
In the past, the United States has used moral and tactical arguments to defend its policy, arguing that paying ransoms not only emboldens hostage-takers, but also helps finance terrorism. But there's also a political factor for the U.S. government to keep in mind: According to polls, the U.S. public is overwhelmingly against paying ransoms to international terrorists who take Americans hostage.
One recent survey conducted by Quinnipiac University found that just 21 percent of Americans were in favor of paying ransoms to terrorists in some circumstances, while 70 percent felt there were no circumstances in which paying ransoms was acceptable. Ten percent of respondents said they didn't know how they felt.
The opposition to paying ransoms can be found among all demographics for which Quinnipiac University provides details. Politically, Democrats were less likely than Republicans to be against paying ransoms, though a majority (56 percent) said that the United States should never pay (31 percent said there were some circumstances under which ransoms should be paid). Among Republicans, those figures were 80 percent against and 13 percent in favor.
Both men and women were against paying ransoms, though women were less so (61 percent of women and 81 percent of men). Those from military households fit into the broader trend, with 77 percent against paying and 16 percent finding it acceptable in some circumstances.
The only group that seems open to paying ransoms are young adults. Forty-one percent of people ages 18-29 say there are some circumstances in which ransoms should be paid, not that far off the number opposing it (46 percent). It's possible that this reflects a changing attitude to ransoms — many older respondents may have had their opinions formed by hostage crises in the 20th century, for example. The finding also may simply reflect the younger generation's tendency to lean Democratic.
The White House admitted on Thursday that a hostage rescue mission last month in Yemen failed to liberate American Luke Somers because he was not present at the targeted location. (AP)
The Quinnipiac poll was conducted between Nov. 18 and 23, meaning that respondents had had time to think about ransoms after the deaths of James Foley, Steven Sotloff and Abdul-Rahman Kassig (video of Kassig's death was released Nov. 16 ). This is despite the fact that a variety of prisoners of other nationalities were released by the Islamic State, apparently after the extremist organization received payments — one U.N. expert estimates that the group has received up to $45 million in ransoms . Comparative polling has shown that Europeans are more open to paying ransoms, though they are still generally opposed.
The U.S. response fits into a broader history of public opposition to negotiating with terrorists: A September New York Times/CBS poll found that 53 percent of Americans felt that the U.S. government should never negotiate with terrorists in any circumstances, while just 38 percent said they should.
Information specific to ransoms is harder to find, but what little there is in polling archives suggests that Americans have been against paying ransoms for a long time. A 1989 Associated Press/Media General poll found 85 percent opposed to the United States paying money to free American hostages being held in Lebanon. In 1980, 76 percent of respondents in a ABC News/Harris poll opposed raising $5 million to free hostages being held in Iran. And way back in 1938, a Gallup poll showed 67 percent of Americans felt it should be against the law for a family to pay ransom to a kidnapper, while 33 percent said no.
Scott Clement contributed to this post.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

The big winner of the holiday season so far: mobile shoppingBy Sarah Halzack December 4 Follow @sarahhalzack
There's a mobile app for eBay's smartphone consumers. (Photo by Paul Sakuma Photography/eBay via AP Images)
For years now, we've heard a steady drumbeat of forecasts suggesting that mobile devices are going to play an increasingly crucial role in every step of a shopping expedition, from browsing and couponing to purchasing.
And in the five-day shopping bonanza that stretched from Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday, there was ample evidence that this long-anticipated tipping point has arrived.  For the first time ever, smartphones and tablets accounted for the majority of all online traffic on Thanksgiving Day, according to data analysis by IBM. On Black Friday, one in four online purchases were made on a mobile device.
"This year was probably the first holiday season that we really saw mobile really take off,” said Brian Yarbrough, senior retail analyst at financial services firm Edward Jones.
Wal-Mart says that about 70 percent of its Web traffic between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday came from mobile devices, while JCPenney said more than half of its traffic came from smartphones and tablets. Best Buy's Web site was briefly taken down Friday morning while the company struggled to deal with an unexpected surge in mobile Web traffic.
As users take to mobile platforms in greater numbers, retailers are learning that small-screen shoppers are different: They buy fewer things and have less patience for a checkout process that is anything less than incredibly efficient.
Also, while shoppers did plenty of browsing this holiday season on their cellphones, tablets and PCs still reigned for actually making purchases. Smartphones accounted for 34.7 percent of traffic on Black Friday, but just 11.8 percent of sales.  Tablets accounted for 14.6 percent of traffic and 16 percent of sales.
"There's some kind of a disparity between traffic and conversion on smartphones," said Calvin Silva, senior retail industry analyst for Nasdaq Advisory Services.
BaubleBar discovered that how mobile customers reach the e-commerce jewelry company's site can make a difference. Tablet shoppers were more likely to reach the company's site through a search engine this holiday season, while smartphone users were more likely to come from Facebook or other social media.
The company had to adjust, said Daniella Yacobovsky, a BaubleBar co-founder. For tablets and laptops, which have larger screens, Yacobovsky said, "we feel comfortable sending them to pages that have a little bit more of a design element to them."
Elissa Margolis, senior vice president of Disney Store North America, said that a large share of Disney Store's mobile shoppers were simply browsing. "Our merchandise is exclusive, so they’re not using it [for] comparisons across other retailers," Margolis said. "But they may be using it to see if an item is available, read reviews."
Margolis said that about 90 percent of Disney Store's mobile traffic has typically come from Web browsers, not the store's app. But Margolis said the company is now doubling down on trying to draw more users to its app, which she acknowledges will be challenging.
"There needs to be a reason why you would put an app on your phone versus just using your browser," Margolis said.
JCPenney revamped its iPhone app and mobile Web site in time for the holidays.  The company said it believes the more seamless experience helped it turn more mobile browsers into buyers, reaching a conversion rate "in the 30 percent range" during parts of the holiday weekend.
Retailers and analysts say they expect that the growth of mobile sales and traffic to be a bright spot throughout the holiday season. In particular, they predict these gadgets will be crucial weapons for the omnichannel shopper -- that is, the one who bounces around between in-store, desktop and mobile shopping.
"The consumer expects to be able to go in and out of a physical and digital world in a completely seamless way," said Doug Hope, a retail marketing expert with GlobalShop. "This is the very beginning of a very significant shift in focus."
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Asthma  like so many other factors in Eric Garners death  is correlated with raceAmerican Lung Association
There's a profound truth to one of the mottoes of protesters in New York who are upset about a grand jury's decision not to indict an officer in the death of Eric Garner on Staten Island this summer. " We can't breathe ," they have been chanting. And in New York, as in most American cities, the air itself has been tainted by decades of disparity in public policy.
The motto paraphrases Garner's words as Officer Daniel Pantaleo held him in an apparent chokehold on the sidewalk. Pantaleo told the grand jury he did not intend to choke Garner and tried to let go of him when Garner said, "I can't breathe," but the asthmatic Garner suffered a heart attack and died several minutes later in the back of ambulance. A medical examiner ruled the death a homicide.
We'll never know if Garner would have survived the altercation if he hadn't had asthma. We also don't know what caused the asthma, which he developed as a child. What we do know is that asthma is much more common among blacks than whites, and that air pollution is much worse in communities of color nationwide.
Asthma was one among many factors correlated with race in Garner's life that led to the fatal situation, said Eddie Bautista, director of the New York City Environmental Justice Alliance. "There are number of ways that racism plays out," he said. "The asthma is just one more example."
A recent study found that members of racial and ethnic minorities are exposed to levels of nitrogen dioxide, a common pollutant associated with asthma and heart disease, that are 38 percent higher than in the air whites breathe.
Advocates say that authorities often decide to dump waste in minority neighborhoods, and to locate highways and industrial facilities away from the higher-income areas where whites live.
Garner lived in Tompkinsville, a neighborhood on Staten Island's north shore where zoning regulations have concentrated shipping and industry, Bautista said.
The north shore of the island is one of six areas that New York City has designated for marine freight. Bautista's group analyzed the demographics of these zones and found that about two-thirds of the people living in them were not white.
Historically, he said, immigrants and people of color moved to these waterfront neighborhoods because they could live and find work there despite a lack of money and qualifications.
More recently, as the city has converted industrial land elsewhere into gentrifying residential and commercial neighborhoods, industry has further concentrated in the waterfront districts, likely leading to more asthma-causing pollutants.
"The more industrial land you take off the table, the less land you have, the greater the potential for clustering. It's a vicious cycle," Bautista said.
In one neighborhood, Hunts Point and Mott Haven in the Bronx, the rate at which children are hospitalized for asthma is about twice the city's average.
Pollution is not the only cause of asthma. Psychological factors play a role as well, including anxiety, stress and exposure to violence.
Children who live in neighborhoods where crime is high have been shown to have higher rates of asthma. For people living in old, poorly maintained houses, exposure to cockroaches is another risk: the insects produce allergens that might cause asthma in children.
 

Abercrombie s Last-Ditch Efforts To Save Itself Aren t WorkingNothing Seems To Be Working For Abercrombie & Fitch
Posted:
Updated:
12/04/2014 10:59 am EST
In this Tuesday, July 10, 2012, photo, young women pause with their Abercrombie & Fitch shopping bags on the sidewalk along Fifth Avenue in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Abercrombie & Fitch is trying everything to get teens and college kids to come back to its stores. It’s eliminating clothes with logos, rolling out new store designs and culling underperforming locations while attempting to cut $200 million in costs.
Yet it seems that nothing’s working.
The teen apparel retailer reported dismal results on Wednesday, with sales falling 12 percent for the quarter from a year ago, despite the multitude of changes meant to spur a turnaround. Chief executive Mike Jeffries blamed the struggles on weak store traffic and overall turbulence in the teen fashion industry.
“It is very clear that the young apparel sector in which we operate is going through a period of disruption, and turmoil,” Jeffries said on a conference call with analysts on Wednesday. When reached for additional comment, Abercrombie referred to Jeffries' statements on the call.
The lack of progress has some industry observers concerned that Abercrombie won’t be able to pull itself out of the bog. The moves may be “too little, too late,” Eric Beder, an analyst at Wunderlich Securities, wrote in a note to clients on Wednesday. With its logo apparel still in stores, bleak sales results, low traffic and stiff competition, he’s worried that the retailer won’t be able to recover.
“The glory days of Abercrombie are long gone, and the once teen giant has fallen,” wrote Beder. “We are unsure when it will be able to rise again.”
Teens don't like logos any more, and Abercrombie knows it.
Abercrombie and its sister brand Hollister have fallen on hard times. Shares are down 36 percent over the past two years. The company cut its 2014 earnings outlook on Wednesday. Plus, both brands are losing traction among teens, according to the latest teen shopping survey from research firm Piper Jaffray.
Back in the 1990s and early 2000s, teen shoppers flocked to Abercrombie, lured by the perceived coolness of the A&F name and trademark moose logo. But the retailer was slow to adapt when fashion trends shifted and customers began shunning logos.
Now, Abercrombie and Hollister are under siege from fast fashion retailers like H&M and Forever 21, which constantly adapt the newest styles from the catwalk, bring them to store shelves within weeks and sell them at low prices. A pair of jeans at Abercrombie costs between $68 and $88 when full price, while customers can snatch up a plethora of denim styles from Forever 21 for under $25.
“The Abercrombie and Hollister brands face enormous global competition and pricing pressure from fast fashion retailers that operate with price points significantly lower and inventory turns that are significantly faster,” John Kernan, an analyst at Cowen and Company, wrote in a note to clients in November.
Hollister stores are being overhauled, but will it be enough?
Still, Jeffries remains optimistic as the changes roll out. Hollister stores are experiencing a full revamp, with new storefronts, softer music and less musk spritzed throughout. Logos on clothes should be gone by spring . Meanwhile, Abercrombie’s adjusted its marketing to appeal to a wider range of body sizes, and now sells some plus-size clothes online.
“In light of a very difficult quarter, we must ask ourselves, and I know many of you ask the same question, are we make the right changes, are we moving fast enough, will these changes be enough to overcome a very challenging environment?” Jeffries said on the call. “Despite the difficult results for the quarter, we believe the answer to these questions is ‘yes.’”
More:

Bigg Boss 8: Diandra kisses Gautam Gulati to prove she is carefreeBigg Boss 8, the most controversial show in the country, is gearing up for more sizzle and, hence, a greater push to TRPs.
Diandra Soares kissed Gautam Gulati on Bigg Boss 8.
On Thursday's episode, the new couple in the house Diandra Soares and Gautam Gulati, take their relation to a new level. After giving a 'mysterious' gift to Gautam on his birthday in the bathroom, Diandra kisses Gautam, in front of the cameras in the living area. 
During the Museum task, Gautam did not tell Diandra about his secret task and which upset her. Gautam had told Diandra though that they have been warned about their closeness. 
After knowing the truth, Diandra confronts him. Gautam apologizes adding that he thought it won't be a big deal as Diandra is a carefree girl.  Diandra tells Karishma that she wants to show Gautam how carefree she can be. She, then, walks up to Gautam and kisses him in front of all the housemates. 
Gautam as well as the other contestants are shocked while Diandra just walks away.
Meanwhile, girls in the house have some fun at Upen's expense. Karishma teases him on how he ignored Sonali's proposal and Sonali, in turn, asks him to give his views on her. Upen says she is great from Monday to Thursday every week but by Saturday, she completely cuts herself off from friends. "Saturday ko aap bass Salman Khan ki hoti ho," he adds. 
Earlier in the day, Bigg Boss asks Pritam to name three people who should be considered for immunity for the next week's eviction. Pritam names Praneet, Karishma and Dimpy. Big Boss then announces a task for the trio to compete with each other for immunity. 
As per the task, there are three poles placed in the swimming pool with yellow boards attached below the water level, wherein they would stand before the buzzer rings for the task to start. On the second buzzer they need to stand on the metallic stand of the size of an inch with the support of holding the pole and the one who lasts longest would win. Praneet is the first one to give up within five minutes. 
In the evening, the housemates are asked to rank each other on the basis of their popularity in the show through a consensus. Ali Quli Mirza  is ranked as number one as they feel he is the most entertaining contestant of the house and therefore audiences love to watch him every now and then in the show. As a reward, Bigg Boss grants relief to Ali by lifting the ‘No Captaincy’ ban put upon him.
Catch all the drama at 9pm on COLORS TV.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Cong used Madhu Koda to loot Jharkhand: ShahBJP president Amit Shah on Thursday accused the Congress of using former chief minister Madhu Koda to loot Rs. 4,000 crore in Jharkhand.
 
Addressing four rallies ahead of the third phase of polling on December 9, the BJP leader also accused the Congress of dislodging BJP governments at the cost of development work.
 
Shah addressed the four rallies at Bermo in Bokaro, Nimdih in Saraikela-Kharswan and Sonhatu and Ormanjhi in Ranchi.
 
“Not Koda, but the Congress has scammed Jharkhand of Rs. 4000 crore,” said Shah addressing his first rally at Bermo, a Congress stronghold.
 
In 2009, Koda and several of his cabinet colleagues were booked separately by CBI and Enforcement Directorate (ED), respectively for amassing disproportionate assets and money laundering offences.
 
Shah also called former prime minister Manmohan Singh a ‘mauni baba’ (silent man) and Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi as ‘Rahul baba’.
 
The BJP president in Nimdih pitched for BJP candidate Sadhu Charam Mahato, contesting the elections from the Icchagarh assembly constituency.
 
Attacking JMM, Shah said, “The father-son duo (JMM chief Sibu Soren and CM son Hemant Soren) have crippled Jharkhand. I urge you to end the dynastic politics for development, like in the Centre where you removed the mother-son duo (Congress president Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul).”
 
In neighbouring Sonahatu, his third rally of the day, Shah campaigned with AJSU Party chief and ex-deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto, who is contesting elections from the Silli assembly constituency.
 
“The BJP-AJSU Party alliance is solely for the development of Jharkhand,” said Shah, adding that looting Jharkhand was a one-point agenda of the JMM and the Congress.
 
Releasing the AJSU’s report card, Mahto said, “The AJSU party had turned Silli into a model constituency. It was an example of development in a state striving for growth.”
 
In his last address at Ormanjhi, Shah drew comparisons between BJP ruled states and Jharkhand.
 
“Chhattisgarh, which was formed with Jharkhand, is now much ahead of the latter. If you give us majority I assure that Jharkhand would become the No 1 state of the country,” he said. 
 
In his speeches, Shah assured people that the Modi-government has decided spend all of the money from auctioning coal, estimated at Rs. 2.5 lakhs crore, for the state’s development.  
A security guard monitors proceedings as voters wait to cast their votes outside a polling station near Jharkhand capital Ranchi. (PTI file photo)

Latest Snowden documents: Britain s spy agency hacked Reliance cables  accessed dataComments
British intelligence hacked into two major undersea cables owned by Reliance Communications compromising millions of users, including those from the Indian government, reveal the latest scan of documents leaked by Edward Snowden, the US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor-turned-whistleblower. This security breach took place sometime between 2009 and 2011.
A private company, bought by telecom major Vodafone in 2012, helped the British intelligence agency General Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) in hacking the Reliance cables and 27 others that converged in the UK, reveal the documents.
These revelations were made in the last week of November by UK’s Channel 4 and German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung that jointly investigated the Snowden cache.
The Reliance cables carry internet and data traffic between Asia and Europe, and Europe to the American continent. Indian users compromised by this breach include those who don't necessarily use a Reliance connection as the cables carry data from a multitude of internet service providers in multiple countries.
The website of Reliance Globacom, part of Anil Ambani’s Reliance Telecom group, describes itself as being one of the world’s “largest private undersea cable system spanning 67,000 km route.”
Renamed Global Cloud Xchange (GCX) in March, it owns two key undersea cables — FLAG, which connects Europe to Asia, and FLAG Atlantic 1 (FA1), which connects the American continent with Europe. Both cables meet at a junction in southwest UK and are connected by the local area network operated by Vodafone subsidiary Cable & Wireless.
The FLAG Europe-Asia undersea cable has landing stations in Egypt, the Arabian peninsula, India, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, mainland China, Taiwan and Japan. It was a key target, the documents show, since it carries data from countries that the US and UK are most interested in, like Middle East countries, India and also China.
The documents showed that the GCHQ had a secret financial arrangement with Cable & Wireless to use its facility in Skewjack Farm in southwest England to hack into the 29 undersea cables. This was part of a major operation codenamed “PFENNING ALPHA”, a computer exploitation network run jointly by the US’s NSA, and GCHQ. In separate documents, this operation has also been identified as the NSA’s “fourth-largest” information collection exercise from the global Internet.
In August 2013, Süddeutsche Zeitung accessed the Snowden papers to reveal the code names given by British intelligence to private telecom companies that cooperated with GCHQ for tapping internet communications. Cable & Wireless was identified by the codename ‘GERONTIC’ while British Telecom (BT) is referred to as ‘REMEDY’. Both companies were part of an elaborate spying programme code-named ‘TEMPORA’.
The documents also reveal how GCHQ used a secret software known as ‘XKeyscore’ to pull out data to analyse the data it was intercepting. The filtering of the Internet was carried out using technology developed by a Boeing subsidiary company, Narus. It would pull out packets of information that included phone numbers, emails, and IP addresses in real time.
Reliance Communications declined to reply to HT’s queries.
Ben Padovan, the official spokesperson of Vodafone in the UK, said in a statement: "Cable & Wireless was not owned, operated or controlled by Vodafone until 2012. We examined the past history of Cable & Wireless compliance prior to its acquisition by Vodafone and found no evidence that would substantiate these allegations…
The statement ends saying that Vodafone is legally bound not to disclose “any information regarding warrants received and the processes and systems in place to respond to such warrants” and the penalty for doing so is five years in prison.

Delhi on high alert for LeT strike before Obama visitDelhi on alert for LeT strike before Obama visit
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 00:27 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:08 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
A high alert has been sounded in the Capital after credible intelligence inputs suggested that Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba jihadis were planning a “sensational terror attack” in the run-up to US President Barack Obama’s two-day visit during the Republic Day next month. The alert has been communicated to the highest levels of the Modi government.
Lashkar has been involved in some of the most deadly terror attacks in India, including Mumbai’s 26/11 massacre.
According to top Delhi Police officials, the intelligence was received this week from security agencies. Police commissioner BS Bassi and other senior officials were briefed on Wednesday in detail on counter-measures needed to extinguish the threat.
Since Obama is the chief guest at the Republic Day parade, the Delhi Police and security agencies have advanced security screening and anti-sabotage check by nearly a month. Rather than tighten security a month before the parade, a decision has been taken to impose blanket measures this week on.
 
Bassi has alerted all his joint commissioners and intelligence and special cell chiefs. They, in turn, are supposed to sensitise junior colleagues right up to constables on the need to take preventive action.
Security has been tightened around sensitive locations such as Parliament House, Indira Gandhi International Airport, Raisina Hill, India Gate, the city’s Metro network, shopping malls, and cinema halls.
 
Quick reaction teams (QRTs) are being stationed at key positions to counter an armed attack. As the alert does not give out any details of the attackers or the possible date of the attack, the security agencies have gone into a tizzy, covering all the bases.
Though action has been initiated by the Delhi Police to check activity in hotels, unauthorised lodges in the city’s periphery, the agencies have activated the underground network to monitor any movement of terror modules and sleeper cells across the country.
 
In the past two years, the security agencies have been able to neutralise the Indian Mujahideen network and the only group active was the Students Islamic Movement of India cadre, who escaped from Madhya Pradesh’s Khandwa jail on October 1, 2013.

United colours of Oppn: Rivals join hands to floor NDA govt in ParliamentOppn parties join hands to floor govt in Parliament
Saubhadra Chatterji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 00:18 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:40 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Major opposition parties have buried their differences to organise a sit-in at the Parliament complex on Friday in an unprecedented show of unity against the NDA government and “their voice being stifled in the Lok Sabha”.
The Congress, the Trinamool Congress, the Left parties and  the Aam Aadmi Party are part of the mega protest, with socialist stalwarts like Mulayam Singh Yadav and Lalu Prasad — who are busy shaping the Janata Parivar merger — expected to attend.
As a symbolic gesture, the protesters will wear black badges, sources said. Parties have individually held demonstrations near Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in Parliament over different issues in the past, but this will be the first joint protest where arch-rivals like the Congress and AAP or the Left and Trinamool will sit together.
“This protest is not about any individual party as the entire Opposition’s voice is being stifled in the Lok Sabha,” Trinamool’s parliamentary party chief Sudip Bandopadhyay told HT.
 
Opposition sources said they wanted Prime Minister Modi to make a statement in the Lok Sabha on Union minister Niranjan Jyoti’s invective-laden comments, which would establish their clout in the Lower House where they are in a minority. 
 “The Lok Sabha is not about the majority members and their wishes. Plus, we also want to hear what the PM has to say about his minister’s provocative comments,” said CPI(M) leader MB Rajesh.
Government sources, however, said the Congress breached an informal arrangement to resume Parliament proceedings on Thursday following the PM’s statement in Rajya Sabha.
“There is a possibility that normalcy may return to Parliament from next week,” said an opposition leader, adding that a section within the Opposition did not want prolonged disruptions.
Government sources hinted that if the situation demands and the commotion continues throughout the session, it may push some bills even amid the din.
The Opposition’s decision to up the ante comes despite Modi telling Rajya Sabha that he “strongly disapproved” of Jyoti’s remarks.
“At the meeting of party MPs, I had strongly disapproved the use of such language. I urge people to stay away from such language even during the heated election debates. Following this, the minister who is new and a first-time member of Parliament, her background is known to all, had apologised,” he said.
The PM’s appeal for peace yielded little result as disruptions continued in the Upper House while the Opposition stuck to its boycott and walkout strategies in the Lok Sabha.

2011 heroes not picked in World Cup probables list2011 heroes not in Team India's 30 probables for 2015 World Cup
PTI
New Delhi, December 04, 2014
First Published: 15:38 IST(4/12/2014)
print
Combination photo of Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Zaheer Khan.
Four veterans -- Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh, Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh -- were on Thursday omitted from India's World Cup 30-member probables list which includes young spinners Axar Patel and Kuldeep Yadav.
Another seasoned cricketer Gautam Gambhir has also been left out with the selectors reposing faith on the young guns to retain the title in Australia and New Zealand.
The decision to ignore the veteran players, who were a part of the 2011 World Cup winning team along with Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir, has put a question mark on their future given that none of the five have featured in an ODI for the last one year.
Apart from the famed five, pacers Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel, spinner Piyush Chawla and all-rounder Yusuf Pathan were also among the players axed from the list announced by BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee.
Apart from Axar Patel and Kuldeep Yadav, Jammu and Kashmir all-rounder Parveez Rasool and  batting duo of Manish Pandey and Kedar Jadhav benefitted from the overhaul, riding on their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.
With the selectors opting to ignore seniors, there were no major surprises on offer in the list of probables.
The selectors included all-rounder Stuart Binny and in-form batsman Manoj Tiwary and young wicketkeeper-batsman Sanju Samson in the list which would be further pruned to 15 on January 7, five weeks ahead of the World Cup starting February 14.
Eleven players from the 2011 World Cup-winning squad will not be seen in action when the team goes Down Under to defend the trophy. While most of them have been ignored for poor form, Sachin Tendulkar has retired and pacer S Sreesanth has been banned for spot-fixing.
Of all the players ignored, Yuvraj's journey has been the most dramatic. The left-handed batsman was named Player of the Tournament for his fantastic run in the 2011 World Cup but his career took a hit after he had to undergo treatment for rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs.
His attempts at a comeback were not too successful and he was eventually pushed to the sidelines.
Of the selected players, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja picked themselves after delivering consistently.
Among the bowlers, pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda got the selectors' nod by virtue of their fine performances in both the international and domestic circuit.
Apart from Dhoni, the list has two wicketkeepers in Wriddhiman Saha and young Sanju Samson, who has also impressed with his batting in the domestic arena.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who is regarded a Test specialist, Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik and Naman Ojha were among the other notable omissions.
Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu and Robin Uthappa, who have been in and out of the national squad in recent times have also found a place in the probables list.
India's World Cup probables: Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Sanju Samson, R Ashwin, Parveez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashoke Dinda, Kuldeep Yadav and Murali Vijay.

Cheaper oils effect on asset prices© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7fbf120-7b0c-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Activist urges Cramer to sell TheStreetActivist urges Cramer to sell TheStreet
Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99f24d20-7b40-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazilians brace for austerity measuresBrazilians brace themselves for austerity measures
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab409970-7b12-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NBCC gains over 7% intraday  returns 400% YTDNBCC rallies about 6%; navratna status is giving NBCC some confidence, says Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD
ET Now Dec 4, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Anoop Kumar Mittal
(The state of Navratna definitely…)
NBCC rallied as much as 7.7 per cent in intraday trade on Thursday. The stock hit a low of Rs 845 and a high of Rs 896.95. For the year, the stock has rallied over 400 per cent till date.
The stock ended the day at Rs 877.60; up 5.47 per cent.
In a chat with ET Now, Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD, NBCC, shares his business outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: First, talk about the broader and the big picture of NBCC. You got the Navratna status about a quarter ago and after that Navratna status, how has life changed for NBCC?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: It is eactly not because of the Navratna status that things have changed, it is because of the work which we have done in the last two years that is giving some kind of results. The state of Navratna definitely is giving us some kind of confidence and to our customers also and that is also motivating NBCC to go abroad. We are in close discussion with a few companies in Turkey, Malaysia and Oman.
ET Now: This morning you have signed an MoU with Air India for development of land parcels at various locations on a joint venture basis. Could you highlight revenue opportunity with this deal?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: This agreement was in discussion since long and finally today we have signed an agreement with the Air India chairman in presence of both the honourable ministers, the Minister of Urban Development and the Minister of Civil Aviation.
Silent features of this agreement is NBCC will redevelop or develop their greenfield land parcels where land will be their equity and construction and construction-related expertise will be NBCC's contribution and profit will be shared according to that. One more thing we have decided in this meeting today is we will launch one project in this financial year, say, in next three to four months, and initially we will focus on a project which is in Chennai and another project will be at Vasant Kunj in Delhi.
ET Now: Which are the land parcels you are planning to develop?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: We will start with their land parcels in Chennai and Vasant Kunj in Delhi and after that we will have discussion with them and identify a few more projects. These things will be disclosed, say, after 15 to 20 days or a month.
ET Now: I know you are not willing to put in a specific number there, but how much commitment has been made for how much land to be developed?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Honestly I am also not aware of the number of total land parcels. I have been told they have 70-80 land parcels, but these land parcels are in different cities and different models. Some are on lease, some are on ownership basis. So we have to do some kind of due diligence before giving you an exact number of land parcels and the area of land.
ET Now: Can you give us a flavour of your order book and especially the order book which is coming from the infrastructure sector because currently 25-26% of your total order book is only from the infra space?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: In this financial year we have secured around Rs 5000 crore works, and out of this almost Rs 2000 crore is from the infrastructure sector, like we have one contract from NTPC worth Rs 550 crore, then rural road project in West Bengal, then creation of new blocks in IIT Kanpur and there are similar kind of projects in other cities and ministries. We have won a contract of border road organization, valuing approximately 1800 crore, which will be taken off in the next financial year.
  ET Now: I also want to understand this deal that you entered with Air India. I know you would not be able to spell out many details, but would these projects, this development that you are going to be doing of land parcels with Air India come at higher margins?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Definitely because all the land parcels of Air India are situated in metro towns and that too in very prominent locations. So with this agreement, Air India will also be benefitted and they will be able to generate some money for their development plan.
ET Now: Are there any big projects which could substantially boost your top line and bottom line in the next two quarters? Is there some huge project, the revenue recognition is still pending?
Anoop Kumar Mittal: Projects are in progress. Those projects will only give top line increase or bottom line increase, and the orders which we are securing, whether from infrastructure companies or Air India, will take some time. We have started the building of NBCC in the last two years or one-and-a-half-years and you will see the exact results after one year or six months time.
ET Now: I must say that your stock is very popular amongst some smart NHI investors and most of the NHI investors I have interacted with, who track your stock, are of the view that you will soon be a billion dollar company at top line. When I say a billion dollar company, that is about Rs 6,00,000 crore. So are NHI investors right in assessing that?

Four things to watch in the ECBs meetingFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Reckitt eyes health  hygiene and homeReckitt Benckiser looks to core of ‘health, hygiene and home’
Scheherazade Daneshkhu — Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dce8ac66-7b2f-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Call to close short selling loopholeCall to close ‘loophole’ that allows shadowy short selling
Miles Johnson, Sam Flemming and David Oakley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4ec350c-7199-11e4-9048-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No need for Tigers elaborate camouflageNo need for the Tiger’s elaborate camouflage
Short selling is a legitimate activity that does not need to be disguised
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d9e4a80-7176-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Return of the buyback extends US rallyReturn of the buyback extends US rally
Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e16923b4-7b12-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi knew BJP would replicate Vibrant Gujarat at national level: LK AdvaniPrime Minister Narendra Modi knew BJP would replicate Vibrant Gujarat at national level: LK Advani
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.03AM IST
0
Share More
"Narendrabhai always had an inkling that like Vibrant Gujarat, one day we (BJP) will get the opportunity to make Vibrant India," Advani said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
AHMEDABAD: Veteran BJP leader L K Advani today said Prime Minister Narendra Modi had an inkling that BJP will get the opportunity to make 'Vibrant India'.
"Narendrabhai always had an inkling that like 'Vibrant Gujarat', one day we (BJP) will get the opportunity to make 'Vibrant India'. The BJP had then decided to declare him as the Prime Ministerial candidate. And he has kept working on those lines," Advani said at a government function here.
He said the people in Gujarat have seen the development and the state has moved ahead due to Narendra bhai (Prime minister).
"You and Anandiben (Chief Minister Anandiben Patel ). All of us believed that if Gujarat becomes great, the country will become great," Advani said.
"Next year Vibrant Gujarat (investors) summit will be held. I attended the first programme of Vibrant Gujarat... I hope the Chief Minister invites me this time...I will come," he said.
Advani distributed house allotment letters to 308 families from low income group category at the function. He also inaugurated a water treatment plant at Jaspur here.
Chief Minister Patel said Modi, when he was the Chief Minister, had said the state would build 50 lakh houses for the poor.
"Gujarat housing board has begun to build the houses and 1.50 lakh houses have been allotted," she said.

Volatile energy shares lead Wall Street lower after ECBECB
(US stocks fell after ECB brushed…)
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Thursday after European Central Bank president Mario Draghi brushed off pressure to act and said the bank would reassess the impact of its monetary policy stimulus early next year and take further action if necessary.
Energy sector stocks led the decline in the S&P 500 with a 1.5 per cent drop that follows three days of gains in which they advanced 3.2 per cent. The sector is down 8.7 per cent year-to-date as crude oil prices tumbled.
The ECB met Thursday under growing pressure to prevent the bloc's economy from entering recession. The bank has already cut borrowing costs to record lows, given cheap loans to banks, and started buying debt to kick-start lending and bolster growth.
"They use (stimulus) as a stick. Every time they get a bad number or are worried about the European economy they threaten more QE but it's very difficult to implement," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville.
He said the market entered December overbought after a huge run off the October lows, and it faces technical headwinds. However, the end of year will probably see the market continue to run up.
In the short-term, the "biggest threat is if you saw 325,000 jobs pop up, there might be some concern the Fed would have to make a move earlier than expected. But that's a long-shot," said Bittles.
The government's non-farm payrolls report for November is due Friday.
At 11:35 a.m. EST (1635 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average fell 90.39 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 17,822.23, the S&P 500 lost 10.03 points, or 0.48 per cent, to 2,064.3 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 13.55 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 4,760.92.
Aeropostale shares fell 25.4 per cent to $2.38 the day after the teen apparel retailer reported its eight straight quarterly loss and said it would close about 75 stores in the current quarter.
  Shares of pet drug developer Kindred Biosciences fell 30 per cent to $6.47 after it said it would stop developing its experimental atopic dermatitis drug for dogs due to "the rapid uptake and success" of a rival product. Dechra Pharmaceuticals recently launched its own treatment for the condition in Britain.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,161 to 803, for a 2.69-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,696 issues fell and 874 advanced for a 1.94-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The S&P 500 was posting 73 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 100 new highs and 57 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zuari group unveils Rs 282-crore open offer for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers LtdBSE
(The voluntary open offer…)
MUMBAI: Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 today.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers.
"ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals...", a BSE filing said.
Earlier in the day, the fertiliser company announced appointment of Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter an earlier open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After those open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India has potential to emerge as reinsurance hub: ExpertsIndia has potential to emerge as reinsurance hub: Experts
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.14AM IST
0
Share More
A hike in FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent can help India emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia, say industry experts
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: A hike in FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent can help India emerge as a reinsurance hub in Asia, say industry experts.
A Parliamentary Committee, examining the Bill on raising the FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 per cent, will be presenting its report on December 8.
India could become an insurance hub if the government proposal on FDI hike in the key sector comes through and it comes out with right regulation and infrastructure, they said.
"In economic terms, India is at a turning point in its history, experiencing a renaissance politically, commercially, culturally. While GDP globally is flat, the IMF recently has revised India's forecasts upwards to 5.6 per cent," Lloyd's Chairman John Nelson has said.
He was speaking at the first-ever Indian International Insurance Summit at London organised recently by Asia Insurance Post and Indian Merchants' Chambers.
"Most importantly, the new government has already demonstrated that it is open to economic reform to encourage business to become outward looking and to modernise itself," he said.
Significant Indian risks include earthquake, drought, storm and flood, and this year we have recently witnessed devastating flood events in Kashmir and Jammu, followed by severe losses from Cyclones Hudhud and Nilofer, Nelson said.
"Putting this in numerical terms, our research shows a 1 per cent rise in insurance penetration translates into a 13 per cent reduction in uninsured losses - a 22 per cent reduction in the taxpayer contribution following a disaster - and increased investment equivalent of 2 per cent of national GDP. "We see examples of this virtuous circle played out in many economies," he explained.
At present, non-life insurance penetration in India is under 1 per cent of GDP (0.8 per cent).
GIC Re General Manager Alice Vaidyan said India has potential to emerge as a regional insurance hub. "The Indian markets have been the top performers in Asia Pacific region."
"India could benefit from the expertise of the London insurance industry," New India Assurance Director and General Manager Sanath Kumar said at the summit.
Swiss Re Global Partnerships Chairman Martyn Parker said the Indian Government should allow opening of local branches of international re-insurers.

Recognising Taliban govt in Afghanistan was blunder: Pervez MusharrafRecognising Taliban government in Afghanistan was blunder, says Pervez Musharraf
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.56AM IST
Musharraf said that recognising the Taliban regime in Afghanistan was a "blunder" on part of Pakistan, but he blamed the US for the birth of al-Qaeda.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KARACHI: Former military ruler General Pervez Musharraf today admitted that recognising the Taliban regime in Afghanistan was a "blunder" on part of Pakistan, but he blamed the West and the US for the birth of al-Qaeda .
Speaking to the Youth Parliament here, Musharraf pointed out that Pakistan was the only country that recognised the Taliban government in Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 as Saudi Arabia and the UAE later also backed out.
The 71-year-old leader admitted that recognising the Taliban regime was a blunder on Pakistan's part.
The Soviet Invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 changed the political climate worldwide and "three blunders" were created by the US who left the region after withdrawal of Soviets, said Musharraf, who ruled over Pakistan from 1999 to 2008.
The "first blunder was not to rehabilitation the 25,000 Afghan Mujahideen who fought in the war against USSR and they then came to Pakistan which led to the formation of al Qaeda," he said.
"The second blunder was the West's refusal to recognise Taliban."
He said Pakistan was looked at negatively by the world because of recognising the Taliban regime and conceded that in 2000 the then US President Bill Clinton came to Pakistan to reprimand the government for recognising the Taliban.
Moving on to the third blunder, the former president said the invasion of US-led NATO forces in Afghanistan pushed militants to mountainous areas.
"A vacuum was created in Afghanistan which had to be overcome by changing military victory into a political victory," he said, explaining an ethnically balanced government representing Pakhtuns was needed.
"But because this did not happen, the Taliban started reviving in 2003."
Musharraf said the Taliban was self-created because of the environment that existed in Afghanistan at that time.
"Some say Taliban are our children and we created them... but it's not true," the former president said.
"During this tumultuous period, frankly, not one civilian government performed socio-economically for Pakistan. Not one. Other than the military government," he claimed.
Taking a jab at the current government, he said, "The economy is nose-diving and terrorism is prevalent in all provinces."
Musharraf also said tensions between Pakistan and India will always exist until the Kashmir issue is not resolved.
"Political parties do not take better decisions in the greater interest of the nation and democratic governments have never performed well in Pakistan," he claimed.
"Progress was only made during Ayub Khan's regime besides mine," he said, adding that the Army must have a constitutional role in Pakistan.

Samsung asks to throw out damages in Apple caseSamsung asks appeals court to throw out $930 million damages in Apple infringement case
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Samsung asked court to toss out an order that it pay Apple $930 mn for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd asked a US appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc $930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets.
The hearing at the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was the latest fight between the two smartphone makers, which have been litigating around the world for three years, each accusing the other of infringing patents in making smartphones and other mobile devices.
They have essentially fought to a draw in about a dozen countries, but in August announced that they had agreed to withdraw all patent lawsuits against each other except in the United States.
In this case, Samsung asked the court to throw out a decision from the US District Court for the Northern District of California which had found that Samsung infringed Apple patents and ordered it to pay the iPhone and iPad maker $930 million, a reduction from an earlier award of $1 billion.
Kathleen Sullivan, a lawyer with Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP who represents Samsung, argued that the lower court erred in deciding that the design and trade dress patents were infringed because the Samsung phones did not carry an Apple logo, did not have a "home" button like an iPhone and had speaker slots in different places than the Apple phones.
"Apple was awarded Samsung's total profits on those (Samsung) phones, which was absurd," she said, arguing that it was akin to awarding entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup holder.
Arguing for Apple, William Lee of the law firm Wilmer Hale disagreed. "This is not the cup holder," he said.
He argued that the $930 million verdict was the right decision.
"What Samsung is actually asking you to do ... is to substitute yourself for Judge Koh and the jury," he said.
The three judges on the panel did not indicate which side they supported, and did not indicate when they would rule.
Apple and companies that make phones using Google's Android software, such as Samsung's top-selling Galaxy, have filed dozens of infringement lawsuits against one another around the world to protect their technology. Apple and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit, which has since been purchased by Lenovo, agreed in May to settle all smartphone patent litigation between them.

Trend-following funds win oil-price bonusManaged futures funds ride high on back of tumbling oil price
Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92133aa4-7b38-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tiger Globals short-selling web© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56b53e6e-70d7-11e4-8113-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil struggling with the transitionBrazil struggling with the transition
Joe Leahy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7fa9b96-74a2-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barnes & Noble looks to turn page on Nook© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a9fd0678-3825-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barnes & Noble  off the Nook© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/61737ade-fc86-11e3-81f5-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US growth rising  but dont bet on itLast updated: November 25, 2014 9:06 pm
US growth rising – but don’t bet on it
The US economy grew faster than thought in the third quarter. Is it worth buying into?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23f58144-74c6-11e4-b30b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Consumers help push US growth to 3.9%Consumers help push US economic growth to 3.9%
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25d9a980-74a9-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazilians brace for Scissorhands cutsBrazilians brace themselves for austerity measures
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab409970-7b12-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazils market-friendly Levy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80cfd2a0-76f8-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Towergates bankers invite ownership bidsTowergate’s bankers invite ownership bids
Alistair Gray and Robin Wigglesworth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c808c072-7bae-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking: Financial firefighters© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06e8013c-7af0-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salman goes to Katrina s house to say  sorrySalman Khan's Apology To Katrina Kaif
Recommend
Link
13 days ago, Business of Cinema
Salman Khan created quite a stir when he addressed his ex-girlfriend Katrina Kaif as 'Katrina Kapoor' at the wedding party of his sister Arpita Khan. Watch video to know more.
More on Business of Cinema:
Related Videos

Sonakshi supports the Rohtak sistersChoreographer-director Prabhudheva's 'Action Jackson' starring Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha releases this Friday.
Sonakshi Sinha at the special screening.
1 / 30

Dinda  Tiwary star in East s Deodhar Trophy winMore
Dinda, Manoj Tiwary power East Zone to title
For the second time in three days, the exciting nature of one-day cricket was brought to the fore, as East Zone ended their decade-long drought of winning the Deodhar Trophy with a nail-biting victory against defending champions West Zone at the Wankhede.
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:13 AM IST
Tweet
0
Ashok Dinda.East Zone 269 for 8 (Manoj 75, Samantray 60, Virat 54) beat West Zone 245 (Jadhav 97, Dinda 4-33) by 24 runs
It is often said these days that the advent of Twenty20 has made one-dayers boring. However, for the second time in three days, the exciting nature of one-day cricket was brought to the fore, as East Zone ended their decade-long drought of winning the Deodhar Trophy with a 24-run victory against defending champions West Zone at the Wankhede Stadium.
Ashok Dinda , who made his first-class debut well after East Zone won their last Deodhar title in 2003-04, starred with the ball to help his team defend a total of 269 for 8. Thanks to Dinda's four-wicket haul, East bowled out West Zone for 245 in 47.2 overs.
At the start of the batting Powerplay, West Zone were well on course to pocketing their fourth successive Deodhar title. With Kedar Jadhav closing in on a deserving century and Suryakumar Yadav playing a perfect fiddle, West Zone were left needing just 97 runs off the last 15 overs, with plenty of wickets still in hand.
Once Jadhav cut loose after being dropped at long-on by Kumar Deobrat off offspinner Saurasish Lahiri in the 33rd over, West Zone looked in complete control of the game. Jadhav continued the onslaught into the Powerplay, creaming the first ball off Veer Pratap Singh through covers off and glancing the next one to the fine-leg fence.
But from then on, the East Zone bowlers, led by Dinda, pulled things back as they stifled the set batsmen. The efforts paid rich dividends as Jadhav missed a tired swat off the last ball of the Poweplay off Biplab Samantray to see it crashing into the off-stump. With the Powerplay going for just 22 runs, East Zone had an upper hand going into the last 10 overs.
When Yusuf Pathan was run out due to a terrible misunderstanding with Suryakumar in the 43rd over, West Zone required 65 off 47 balls. The wicket brought Suryakumar and Akshar Patel together, and the duo was required to replicate their heroics from Monday if West Zone were to retain the title. Akshar started from where he had left off in the semi-finals, stroking three successive fours off Samantray immediately after arriving at the wicket.
Just as West Zone were starting to regain control of the game, though, Akshar's attempted sweep off Shahbaz Nadeem rested in Manoj Tiwary 's hands at square leg in the last ball of the 45th over. Forty needed off the last five overs then.
Shardul Thakur, who sealed the semi-finals with his clean hitting, came to the crease and pulled Veer Pratap over the square-leg fence off the first ball he faced. He followed it up with a lofted straight drive for a boundary that brought the equation down to 29 runs off 27 balls. However, the next ball was a full toss slightly outside off stump and Thakur cut it straight to Virat Singh at point.
It meant that Suryakumar, who till then had not hit a single boundary, had to shift gears and see his team through. But his overcautious stint ended as Dinda enticed him into a drive and Suryakumar offered Saurabh Tiwary a regulation catch at covers, ending any hopes West Zone had of retaining the title.
Dinda, on his part, had already made a telling contribution before by rattling West Zone's top order. He first forced the openers Smit Patel and Sheldon Jackson to nick behind, prompting the captain Manoj to give him an extra over even after the conclusion of the mandatory Powerplay. The move worked, as Dinda, after being hit for successive boundaries, forced Rayudu to chase a wide one and edge it to Shreevats Goswami behind the stumps. It left West Zone reeling at 37 for 3.
Besides that inspired tactic, Manoj had earlier staged yet another rescue act in the first innings. For the third time in succession, East Zone lost their openers cheaply. And for the third time in succession, Manoj staged a recovery with his fifth successive fifty-plus score. He found much-needed support in the teenager Virat, as the duo stitched together a 135-run partnership for the third wicket to stabilise the innings. Once the platform was set, Samantray counterattacked in the death overs. The last 10 overs fetched 81 runs, helping East put on a respectable, and as it turned out, match-winning total.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

10 ways Facebook spies on you10 Ways Facebook Spies On You
by All Time 10s 2:46 mins
29,100 views
10 Ways Facebook Spies On You
by All Time 10s 2:46 mins
29,100 views
Facebook tamper with our newsfeeds, analyse our statuses and access our private messages to collect our data.   From apps to login services Facebook is dominating the internet but this is just the tip of the iceberg check out this list on the 10 ways Facebook spies on you.
Link

Top 26 stock bets from Macquarie  Goldman &amp; CitiGoldman, Citi, Macquarie raise Sensex, Nifty target; top 26 stocks they are hot on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 4, 2014, 04.15PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Riding on 'Modinomics'…)
NEW DELHI: Analysts at top global brokerage such as Goldman Sachs, Citigroup & Macquarie in the past one week have raised their target levels for both the Sensex & the Nifty for the next 12 months.
Riding on 'Modinomics', the expectations of a strong economic recovery in FY16 & 17, along with corporate earnings growth, have fuelled the optimism of a strong rally in the markets.
Even though several brokerages have downgraded corporate earnings for FY15 and FY16, leading market intermediaries like Citigroup, Macquari and Goldman Sachs have said they expect the benchmark index, BSE Sensex , to touch the levels of 32000-33000 and for Nifty it could be between 9000 and 10000 for the same period.
Global investment bank Citigroup in its latest report raised the December-2015 Sensex target to 33000, from 31,000 earlier, translating into an upside of 15 per cent from Friday's closing level of 28,693.99.
"We expect 2015 to be a good year: we raise December 2015 market targets, Sensex-33,000, and Nifty target to 9,850, at 16x Dec16. Year 2015 should be front-loaded with falling rate gains, back-loaded with an actual economic/investment recovery; and accompanied by steady regulatory/execution reform," the global investment bank said in a report.
Goldman Sachs also joined the bandwagon of other investment banks such as Citigroup and Macquarie which have reiterated their positive outlook for the Indian markets. The investment bank sees over 15 per cent upside in the year 2015, which translates into a level around 33000.
"Do we see this year's (2014) success story to continue in 2015? We think the answer is yes, but we do not think it is going to go up 30 per cent like it did this year, but it could go up 15 per cent for sure," says Timothy Moe, Chief Asia Pacific Strategist, Goldman Sachs.
"There is a perfectly reasonable expectation driven by the fact we think earnings growth for both 2015 and 2016 will be strong. And, for India we think there will be cyclical recovery from a depressed level," he adds.
The global investment bank is overweight on Taiwan, China, India and Indonesia.
After a strong rally seen so far in the year, analysts are convinced that the bull run is here to stay and the Indian markets will make record highs in the year 2015 as well.
The 50-share Nifty index has rallied over 35 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is still not over, says Macquarie who sees another 16 per cent upside from current levels in the next 12 months to 9940 by December-2015.
India's impressive return of over 35 per cent in 2014 YTD has been driven by 15 per cent PER rerating and 19 per cent forward EPS growth. The current multiple of 15x PER and 3x P/B are a tad above long-term average and consistent with implied 6.5-7% GDP growth, says global brokerage firm Macquarie in a note.
We have collated a list of stocks where top global brokerage firms are betting on:
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83; may fetch Rs 1700 crore
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.41AM IST
0
Share More
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government set the floor price for the sale of a 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) at a 2.75% discount as its record asset-sale programme gets underway on Friday.
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official .
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) on Friday.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal. Of the total,Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake.
In July 2012, the Cabinet had approved a 10.82% stake sale in the state-run steel maker. The first tranche of the disinvestment was completed in March 2013 when the government sold just a 5.82% stake in the company on account of weak market conditions.The stake sale will also help the company meet Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) listing norms, which require the government's holding to be lowered to 75%.In 2013, the government had sold a 5.82% stake in the company for around Rs 1,514 crore. The foreign participation was about 12% of the offer size. The government has lined up stake sales in NHPC, Coal India and ONGC as part of its effort to meet the disinvestment target.
The government will divest a 10% stake in Coal India, in which it holds 89.65%. Last fiscal, the government could mobilise only Rs 15,820 crore through disinvestment against a budgeted target of Rs 40,000 crore. In 2012-13, of the Rs 30,000-crore target, only Rs 23,957 crore was raised.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Republican-led House blocks Obama immigratio...In a symbolic rebuke to US President Barack Obama's unilateral action on immigration, the House of Representatives voted Thursday to block his plan.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: In a symbolic rebuke to US President Barack Obama's unilateral action on immigration, the Republican-led House of Representatives voted Thursday to block his plan to shield millions of people from deportation.
The bill, which passed 219-197 along party lines, was introduced by conservatives furious with what they consider Obama's abuse of power when he announced his executive order last month.
But it is unlikely to reach the floor of the Senate, where Obama's Democrats remain in control through the end of the year before a Republican majority takes over in January.
The White House has also threatened a veto. Congressional leaders hope however that the bill will be sufficient to placate far-right Republicans and prevent a government shutdown that would begin late next week if Congress does not approve a federal spending bill.
Republicans have steamed since November 20 when Obama announced executive action that would provide three-year work permits and legal residency for up to five million people currently living in the shadows.
Seventeen states including Texas have filed suit against the Obama administration over the immigration plan, and House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday his Republican Party continues to mull legislative options for countering the president's action.
Many Republicans saw Thursday's bill as the first step toward restoring the balance of power in Washington and repelling a policy they blast as unconstitutional "amnesty" for millions of illegal immigrants.
"Two weeks ago, President Obama declared war against the Constitution by changing our immigration laws on his own, and Congress today began its fight against this unprecedented power grab," said House Judiciary Committee chairman Bob Goodlatte.
Immigration reform advocates struck back, gathering outside the US Capitol with top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi to call House Republicans to account, including for killing a comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate last year with bipartisan support.
"Will (Republicans) advance real solutions, or will they leave town reaffirming once again a mass deportation strategy?" asked Clarissa Martinez-De-Castro, deputy vice president of the National Council of La Raza.
In issuing its veto threat, the White House budget office said the bill would have "devastating consequences" including deportations that would separate undocumented workers from their US citizen children.
"It would also make it more difficult for immigration officials to conduct background checks (and) for undocumented workers to help the economy by paying taxes," it added.

N Korea still a suspect in Sony attack despi...North Korea still a suspect in Sony attack despite denial
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.33AM IST
North Korea is a principal suspect in the cyber attack on Sony Pictures, a US national security source told Reuters on Thursday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: North Korea is a principal suspect in the cyber attack on Sony Pictures , a US national security source told Reuters on Thursday, while a North Korean diplomat denied Pyongyang was behind the crippling hack.
The US government's investigation into the Nov. 24 attack is being led by the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office and the Hollywood studio is cooperating, a law enforcement source said.
The national security official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said North Korea is not the only suspect and it was too soon to definitively know who is behind the attack that exposed a trove of internal data and shut down the computer systems at the entertainment arm of Sony Corp.
North Korea had vehemently denounced the Sony film "The Interview," a comedy movie about a plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, scheduled for release on Dec. 25.
A former top US government expert on North Korea said that circumstantial evidence suggesting its involvement in the Sony attack included the fact that the North Koreans had been "very vocal about their unhappiness" about the film.
A New York-based North Korean diplomat, who asked to remain anonymous, told the Voice of America broadcast network on Wednesday that linking North Korea to the hacking of Sony Pictures' computers was "another fabrication targeting the country.
"My country publicly declared that it would follow international norms banning hacking and piracy," the diplomat said.
The denial from North Korea regarding the Sony hacking came despite sources telling Reuters that cyber investigators had found connections to North Korea in the form of hacking tools similar to those used by that country in previous attacks on South Korea.
INTERNAL DATA LEAKED
Despite the swirling controversy, Sony said the film's release remains on schedule, although on Thursday it cancelled a Los Angeles press day for next week citing "some scheduling conflicts." A press day in New York is still possible.
"The Interview" stars James Franco and Seth Rogen as American journalists who are recruited by the CIA to kill Kim after the authoritarian leader grants them an interview.
In June, the Pyongyang government denounced the film as "undisguised sponsoring of terrorism, as well as an act of war" in a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Rogen, who co-wrote and co-directed the film, told Rolling Stone magazine in an interview conducted in June that they did get called in for a meeting with Sony's North American CEO.
"Any time a movie causes a country to threaten nuclear retaliation, the higher-ups wanna get in a room with you," Rogen said in the interview published in this week's Rolling Stone.
Sony has struggled to get all of its systems back up since its network was breached. Studio executives told staff in a memo on Tuesday that they still did not know the "full scope of information that the hackers might have or release."
The hackers, who have identified themselves as GOP or Guardians of Peace, leaked more Sony data on Wednesday that included personal log-ins and credentials, the website CSO Online reported.
Page 1 of 2

BMW tries to succeed where Daimler failed in UKBMW launched its car-sharing service in London on Thursday, barely six months after Daimler said it was shutting its equivalent initiative in Britain.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: BMW launched its car-sharing service in London on Thursday, barely six months after fellow German carmaker Daimler said it was shutting its equivalent initiative in Britain.
Already in the United States, Austria and Germany , the DriveNow service operates in partnership with rental firm Sixt and allows users who pay a one-off registration fee to locate and open their nearest car by card or via a mobile phone app.
The scheme will start in three boroughs in North London and compete with Avis's Zipcar and Hertz's 24/7, with customers able to return vehicles anywhere within the zone.
In May Daimler axed its Car2Go operation from Britain, citing the country's strong culture and tradition of private vehicle ownership, though it continues to operate in cities around the world including Berlin and Rome.
Peter Schwarzenbauer, BMW board member with responsibility for mobility services, told Reuters that the company had learnt lessons in how to bring the scheme to London. The business has more than 360,000 customers worldwide.
"What we think we have to do differently is start on a smaller scale (and) prove the concept that this is something successful," he said. "If you have proven it, then you can step by step ... grow this organically."
Daimler found it difficult to coordinate its network of "free-floating" parking spaces across non-adjoining London authorities. BMW's DriveNow will operate initially from only one zone in the north of the city.
Car rental firms and automakers are increasingly trying to tap in to the demand for flexible, short-term car use, particularly from younger people for whom car ownership is seen as less essential than it was in previous generations.
In March French billionaire Vincent Bollore said he would bring 3,000 electric cars to London's streets by 2016 as part of a car-share project that will emulate the city's bike hire scheme.
The BMW-Sixt scheme will begin operating with BMW 1 series cars as well as vehicles from the group's Mini range.

Uber raises $1.2 billion at $40 billion valu...Uber raises $1.2 billion at $40 billion valuation
By Business Insider | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.36AM IST
The company hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc to sell more than $1 billion of convertible debt to the bank's wealth management clients, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW YORK: Uber just raised $1.2 billion, CEO Travis Kalanick announced on the company's blog. The ride-hailing and logistics startup has raised $2.7 billion since its founding in 2010.
The company didn't announce its valuation, but Business Insider can confirm that it was $40 billion.
Uber says it will use the $1.2 billion to create more than 1 million jobs in 2015 and to "make significant investments, particularly in the Asia Pacific region." Uber also vows to become "smarter and more humble" moving forward.
Recently, its executives have taken heat for saying and doing controversial things.
The company hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc to sell more than $1 billion of convertible debt to the bank's wealth management clients, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
Goldman Sachs clients are getting a chance to buy a six- year bond in the mobile car-booking company that will convert into equity at a 20% to 30% discount to Uber's valuation at the time of an IPO, said the people, who asked not to be identified.
Goldman Sachs isn't investing its own money in the debt, said the people. The convertible bond carries a coupon that increases over time if Uber hasn't gone public within four years, said the people.
(With inputs from Bloomberg)

US House passes $585 billion defense billUS House passes $585 billion defense bill
By AP | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.58AM IST
The measure now heads to the Senate where several Republicans have objected to the bill's inclusion of unrelated provisions to expand wilderness areas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The House of Representatives has voted for a $585 billion defense bill that grants President Barack Obama the authority to expand the US military mission against Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria.
The vote on Thursday was 300-119. The measure now heads to the Senate where several Republicans have objected to the bill's inclusion of unrelated provisions to expand wilderness areas.
Still, Senate passage is expected in the final days of the current session.
The sweeping bill authorizes core funding for military operations. It maintains the prohibition on transferring terror suspects from the federal prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States.
The bill authorizes the training and equipping of moderate Syrian rebels.

India is also about quality  I see its role as an export hub: ABB CEOI see India's role as an export hub, says ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer
By Satish John , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.50AM IST
"It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves alot of attention from our side," says Ulrich Spiesshofer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ABB global CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer , 50, is on a mission to change the way the global leader in power to automation does business. India is the largest engineering hub for ABB worldwide, with about 4,000 engineers and will play a key role in its future, he said in an interview to ET. Those employees include the 1,200 in its R&D centre, which ABB plans to leverage to tap markets in Africa and elsewhere for affordable micro power grids, locomotive technology and other segments, the German national said on a day in which the ABB India stock surged 20% before ending at Rs 1,315.05, up 13%.
Spiesshofer, who is changing the organisational structure in ABB, is eyeing opportunities in India in locomotives and renewables as the country looks to modernise its electricity network and put in place infrastructure for smart cities. Edited excerpts:
On India Expectations
There is a very large and strong home market.
There are some underlying dynamics both in the power and automation side of our business which will allow us to participate in the market very strongly and I see India's role as an export hub . It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves a lot of attention from our side.
On Opportunities In Power
ABB is into power and automation.
There is a big shift that's happening in the generation side. In the future, one can expect much more activity from the renewables generation side. ABB has the strongest offering in solar energy.
We'll continue to invest there.
We've localised some of the activities and we're ideally placed in the segment. In the utilities space, we need to bring power to the consumption side. Renewables mean longer distances. We need to have low loss, higher distribution.
Look at the consumption side of it.
Over 300 million Indians are without access to electricity. There are two options to reach electricity to them. It can be either through the conventional way or through micro-grids where you can take solar or wind energy and combine them with storage and distribute them.
We are driving it very aggressively.
If you take agriculture, most countries consume about 2% of the electricity that is generated. In India, agriculture consumes more than 20%. This is only because of very inefficient irrigation systems.
We have developed solar pumps in India, where we have solar panels and water pumps that exist close to each other and then you engage in irrigation in a much more responsible way. So for me, the utility sector, the electricity value chains are opportunities that are very demanding.
Another emerging opportunity is in the transportation and infrastructure space. The government is talking about setting up more than 100 smart cities. There is a lot of investment in transport.
Page 1 of 3

Samsung asks appeals court to throw out $930 mn damages in Apple patent caseSamsung asks appeals court to throw out $930 million damages in Apple infringement case
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Samsung asked court to toss out an order that it pay Apple $930 mn for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd asked a US appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc $930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets.
The hearing at the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was the latest fight between the two smartphone makers, which have been litigating around the world for three years, each accusing the other of infringing patents in making smartphones and other mobile devices.
They have essentially fought to a draw in about a dozen countries, but in August announced that they had agreed to withdraw all patent lawsuits against each other except in the United States.
In this case, Samsung asked the court to throw out a decision from the US District Court for the Northern District of California which had found that Samsung infringed Apple patents and ordered it to pay the iPhone and iPad maker $930 million, a reduction from an earlier award of $1 billion.
Kathleen Sullivan, a lawyer with Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP who represents Samsung, argued that the lower court erred in deciding that the design and trade dress patents were infringed because the Samsung phones did not carry an Apple logo, did not have a "home" button like an iPhone and had speaker slots in different places than the Apple phones.
"Apple was awarded Samsung's total profits on those (Samsung) phones, which was absurd," she said, arguing that it was akin to awarding entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup holder.
Arguing for Apple, William Lee of the law firm Wilmer Hale disagreed. "This is not the cup holder," he said.
He argued that the $930 million verdict was the right decision.
"What Samsung is actually asking you to do ... is to substitute yourself for Judge Koh and the jury," he said.
The three judges on the panel did not indicate which side they supported, and did not indicate when they would rule.
Apple and companies that make phones using Google's Android software, such as Samsung's top-selling Galaxy, have filed dozens of infringement lawsuits against one another around the world to protect their technology. Apple and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit, which has since been purchased by Lenovo, agreed in May to settle all smartphone patent litigation between them.

Boeing orders on pace to match strong 2013Boeing commercial orders on pace to match strong 2013
By AFP | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.45AM IST
Boeing is on track in 2014 to at least match last year's sales of commercial aircraft, according to data posted on the company's website Thursday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Boeing is on track in 2014 to at least match last year's sales of commercial aircraft, according to data posted on the company's website Thursday.
But based on the year's sales through November, the data suggests the US aircraft giant will probably not overtake rival Airbus's single-year orders record.
Boeing has taken orders for 1,274 aircraft and delivered 647 planes so far in 2014. That places it just one shy of the 648 planes delivered in all of 2013 and only 81 below the total 1,355 orders taken last year.
The record number of orders in a single year was set by Airbus in 2013 with 1,503.
On Monday, Irish discount carrier Ryanair announced that it finalized a deal to buy 100 Boeing 737s , valued at $11 billion. The Irish company has an option for an additional 100 planes.
The 737 is Boeing's best-selling aircraft and comprises more than three-quarters of 2014 commercial orders.
Boeing's latest data also showed an increase in deliveries of the 787 Dreamliner, which is made with lighter-weight components that save energy costs. Boeing delivered 96 of the aircraft at the end of November, up from 90 the prior month.
Airbus has yet to disclose figures for November. At the end of October, the leading European aerospace company trailed Boeing by 252 orders.

US stocks: Wall Street ends with slight losses  energy weighs againThe day's losses were slight but broad, with seven of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors ending in negative territory and no sector up more than 0.3%.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks ended slightly lower on Thursday after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi brushed off pressure for more immediate monetary policy action but said the issue would be addressed early next year.
The day's losses were slight but broad, with seven of the ten primary S&P 500 sectors ending in negative territory and no sector up more than 0.3 per cent.
Draghi said the ECB would reassess the impact of its stimulus early in 2015 and take further action if necessary, but didn't mention a specific timeline.
The S&P 500 fell as much as 0.6 per cent before rebounding and briefly turned positive. The Dow had touched an intraday record.
"I wasn't expecting much from the ECB, which doesn't want to paint itself into a corner, but eventually we'll need to see action, not just words," said Matt Lloyd, chief investment strategist at Advisors Asset Management in Monument, Colorado.
The ECB met under growing pressure to prevent the bloc's economy from entering recession. The bank has already cut borrowing costs to record lows, given cheap loans to banks, and started buying debt to kick-start lending and bolster growth.
"We expect more stimulus will eventually happen, and it will really help the European economy," said Lloyd, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets. "We're very bullish on Europe going into next year."
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 12.52 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 17,900.1, the S&P 500 lost 2.41 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 2,071.92 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 5.04 points, or 0.11 per cent, to 4,769.44.
The day's losses were concentrated in energy shares, where the S&P Energy sector lost 0.8 per cent alongside a 1 per cent drop in the price of crude oil. ConocoPhillips fell 2.1 per cent to $69.31 while Chevron Corp was off 1.3 per cent at $112.28.
The moves follow three days of gains, when the group advanced 3.2 per cent.
Microsoft Corp rose 1.6 per cent to $48.84, limiting the decline in all three major indexes. Earlier, Barnes & Noble Inc struck a deal to buy Microsoft's stake in Nook Media LLC in a deal valued at $125 million. Shares of Barnes & Noble fell 5.4 per cent to $21.03.
Investors are looking ahead to the government's non-farm payrolls report for November, due before the market opens on Friday. Expectations are that the US economy created 230,000 jobs last month.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,957 to 1,117, for a 1.75-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,625 issues fell and 1,068 advanced for a 1.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The S&P 500 was posting 102 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 133 new highs and 89 new lows.
About 6.02 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Euro jumps  bonds sag as European Central Bank puts off stimulus decisionEuro jumps, bonds sag as European Central Bank puts off stimulus decision
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.17AM IST
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares closed down 1.4 per cent at 1,380.77, its sharpest one-day drop in seven weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The euro rebounded and European bond yields bounced off near record lows on Thursday after the European Central Bank put off until next year a decision on whether to increase its stimulus, a delay that indicated rates will not be pressured lower for the time being.
The ECB Governing Council was unanimous in its willingness to launch measures such as a government bond-buying program with new money if necessary to help revive the euro zone economy.
But markets had hoped for clearer details on if and when the ECB would print money to buy government bonds. Such a step is opposed by Germany, the euro zone's biggest economy.
Yields on euro zone government debt bounced further off record lows and the euro rebounded from a more than two-year low against the dollar after ECB President Mario Draghi failed to unveil plans for more stimulus.
Stocks in the euro zone fell more than 1 per cent and MSCI's measure of global equity performance fell, while Wall Street closed slightly lower.
"Investors were hoping for more substance on sovereign bond purchases, but Draghi hasn't given investors anything that is really new," said John Smith, senior fund manager at Brown Shipley in Manchester, England.
The euro gained 0.60 per cent against the dollar to $1.2384, after slipping to a more than two-year trough of $1.2284. The dollar last traded at 119.75 yen, off 0.02 per cent on the day.
German 10-year yields, the benchmark for euro zone borrowing costs, rose 3 basis points to 0.77 per cent, retreating further from record lows of 0.698 per cent on Monday.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury was last up 13/32 to yield 2.2394 per cent.
MSCI's all-country world index, a measure of stock performance in 45 countries, slipped 0.23 per cent to 424.04.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares closed down 1.4 per cent at 1,380.77, its sharpest one-day drop in seven weeks.
Wall Street traded just below break-even, but the Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose to set a fresh record intraday high.
The Dow closed down 12.52 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 17,900.1. The S&P 500 fell 2.41 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 2,071.92 and the Nasdaq Composite lost 5.04 points, or 0.11 per cent, to 4,769.44.
Brent crude oil fell below $69 a barrel after Saudi Arabia announced deep cuts in selling prices for Asian and US buyers, a week after refusing to support output cuts championed by some members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Brent fell 28 cents to settle at $69.64 a barrel. US crude settled down 57 cents at $66.81 a barrel, having fallen to 66.09 in early New York trade.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

New gas price policy inconsistent with PSC  says RILs partnerBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: November 27, 2014 4:14 pm
The lower-than-expected hike in natural gas prices is “inconsistent” with the contract that government has signed with oil and gas explorers, said London- listed Hardy Oil, which partners Reliance Industries and BP in a KG basin gas discovery block.
The government this month implemented a new gas price of USD 5.61 per unit, a rate nearly 40 per cent lower than the price approved by the previous UPA regime but not implemented.
Explorers are unhappy with the new rate, which is 33 per cent higher the previous price of USD 4.2 per million British thermal unit and has been arrived at averaging out prevalent rates in gas surplus economies of US, Russia and Canada, as it is below the cost of producing from most gas discoveries in deepsea.
“The New Domestic Gas Pricing Guidelines are heavily weighted towards excess supply markets resulting in pricing materially lower than prevailing prices of imported gas.
“Given the projected shortfall in supply the gas, pricing policy is below expectations and is inconsistent with Production Sharing Contract (PSC) provisions which require the Contractor to ensure the gas price is determined by a regional competitive arms-length price discovery process,” Hardy Chairman Alasdair Locke said.
Hardy holds 10 per cent interest in KG-DWN-2003/1 (D3) in Krishna Godavari basin in Bay of Bengal. RIL holds 60 per cent stake and is the operator of the block, where four discoveries have so far been made. BP has the remaining 30 per cent.
The company in its half yearly report said the new pricing policy “implies a significantly lower price than the previously notified Rangarajan Committee formula”.
“There remains some uncertainty surrounding a pricing premium for deep-water discoveries and the development of our D3 discoveries is dependent on the future long-term price outlook for gas sales,” it said.
RIL-BP-Hardy joint venture is “currently reviewing the appropriate way forward, taking into account policies recently announced by the Government of India and the overall prospectivity of the block.”
India currently imports 13.5 million tons a year of liquefied natural gas (LNG) and demand of natural gas is projected to grow by 19 per cent per annum.
The D3 exploration licence encompasses an area of 3,288 square kilometres, in water depths of 400 meters to 2,200 meters, and is located about 45-km off the east coast.
Four gas discoveries Dhirubhai 39, 41, 44 and 52 have been made and the joint venture has acquired about 3,250 sq km of 3D seismic data over the block.
“The Ministry of Defence (via DGH) has communicated that the southwest portion of the D3 block, which amounts to more than 30 per cent of the area, falls under a DRDO designated impact zone and as a result has imposed certain access restrictions to that area,” Hardy said.

Sensex slips 115 points in volatile trade after RBI holds ratesUpdated: December 2, 2014 18:43 IST
Sensex slips 115 points in volatile trade after RBI holds rates
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others. File photo
TOPICS
market and exchange
Sensex ends 115.61 points down at 28,444.01; Nifty falls 31.20 points to 8,524.70
Markets fell for the second day with benchmark Sensex declining over 115 points on Tuesday on selling in auto stocks after RBI kept interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row and IT shares dipped on strength in rupee.
In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE index fell to touch the day’s low of 28,386.46 following announcement of credit policy. However, the index recovered briefly to hit 28,576.39 on RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s hint of lowering rates early next year.
Participants later resorted to selling at every rise and the Sensex ended the day at 28,444.01, down 115.61 points, or 0.40 per cent. On Monday, it had slipped 134.37 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty, after swinging to and fro, settled with a loss of 31.20 points, or 0.36 per cent, at 8,524.70. Intra-day, it traded in a narrow range between 8,504.65 and 8,560.20.
“By not cutting rates, RBI has remained consistent in their policy objective of decisively bringing down inflation -and long term inflationary expectations. Lower post policy bond yields show the market feels more confident that eventually rates will be much lower,” said Arvind Sethi, MD & CEO, TATA Asset Management.
Rupee, which had breached 62-mark against dollar in previous sessions, today strengthened to 61.87 levels. This put pressure of shares IT companies, including TCS and Infosys, which earn most of their sales in the U.S. currency.
Oil scrips also were on the sellers’ list after excise duty on petrol was hiked by Rs. 2.25 per litre and by Re 1 a litre on diesel but retail pump rates won’t rise as oil firms have decided to absorb the duty change for the time being.
Over half of the 30 Sensex constituents ended with losses led by GAIL (down 2.85 per cent), M&M (2.47 per cent), HDFC (1.51 per cent) and Hero MotoCorp (1.48 per cent).
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto 1.05 per cent and Oil & Gas 0.66 per cent, among others.
Global cues, however, were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and Europe was better in its opening trades.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs. 12.36 crore on Monday, as per provisional data.

Rupee rallies further 14 paise against dollar to end at 61.88Updated: December 2, 2014 18:18 IST
Rupee rallies further 14 paise against dollar to end at 61.88
PTI
foreign exchange market
The rupee on Tuesday gained 14 paise to close at 61.88 against the dollar on selling of the U.S. currency by exporters and banks even as stock markets fell.
Dollar selling by exporters and some banks for the second day in a row amid sustained capital inflows supported the rupee even as the American currency gained in global markets, dealers said.
“Rupee appreciated by almost quarter per cent taking cues from the positive comments given by the RBI during the announcement of credit policy,” Pramit Brahmbhatt, the CEO of Veracity Group, said.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key rates unchanged in its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review and made dovish comments regarding rate cut as early as March next year if disinflationary process set in.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced better at 61.99 a dollar from previous close of 62.02 and immediately touched a low of 62.02 on weak domestic stocks amid firm dollar overseas.
Later, it bounced back on dollar selling by exporters and some banks to a high of 61.87 before concluding at 61.88, a net rise of 14 paise or 0.23 per cent.
The benchmark BSE Sensex dipped further by 115.61 points while FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth $64.04 mln yesterday.
The dollar index was up by 0.27 per cent against its six major global rivals.
The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.50 to 62.30, Brahmbhatt said.
In the forward market, premium declined further on sustained receipts from exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May softened to 222-224 paise from 224-226 paise yesterday and forward contracts maturing in November, 2015, moved down further to 430-432 paise from 433.5-435.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.9255 and for the Euro at 77.2149.
The rupee recovered against the pound to 97.11 from 97.48 on Monday and also rebounded to 77.02 per euro from 77.31.
It, however, remained firm to end at 52.00 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.36.

Sharad Pawar injured  taken to Mumbai by air ambulanceSharad Pawar injured, taken to Mumbai by air ambulance
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 3:  
The chief of Nationalist Congress Party, Sharad Pawar, today suffered a fracture during morning walk at his residence in New Delhi.
A party source said that he is being shifted to Mumbai by an air ambulance and is likely to be admitted to Breach Candy Hospital in South Mumbai. His current health status is unknown and further details are awaited.
The 73-year old leader has been a cancer survivor and was admitted to the same hospital in 2003 for a prolong period of time.
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Uncertainty over subsidy: Maha mills  traders avoidcontractsSugar prices under pressure over Brazilian dumping
Sugar mills in Maharashtra are yet to enter into forward contracts with traders for raw sugar exports this season due to uncertainty over export subsidy.
Amid falling global prices, the government is yet to decide whether to continue the export subsidy in the current marketing year and therefore mills in the state have not taken any decision with regard to production of raw sugar, top officials of the Maharashtra State Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation (MSCSFF) said.
Maharashtra accounts for most of the raw sugar produced in India.
There has been no communication forthcoming from the new government with regard to raw sugar incentives and therefore traders are still waiting and watching, said Bombay Sugar Merchants Association secretary general Mukesh Kuvedia. “Global prices are currently at 15-16 cents per pound which makes exports unviable at this stage. Cane prices are much higher. A clearer picture will emerge after December when the festive season begins and then traders are likely to enter into agreements with mills,” said Kuvedia.
Indian mills traditionally produce white sugar and produce raw sugar only as per market demand.
MSCSFF MD Sanjeev Babar said usually forward contracts happen at the beginning of the season. This time, however, prices are low and since incentives are yet to be announced, there have been no agreements this season, he said.
According to Indian Sugar Mills Association director general Abhinash Verma, the performance of the sugar sector has been bad and sugar prices have been coming down by R10-15 per quintal for the last three months. “Sugar prices in Maharashtra are at R2,550 per quintal and R2,800 per quintal in Uttar Pradesh. At these prices, if you do a back calculation taking into account the recommendations of the Rangarajan Committee Report, none of the mills will be able to pay FRP to farmers unless something is done to improve the revenue realisations,” he said.
While realisation of mills continues to be under pressure, cost of production has gone up affecting cash flows of millers burdening them with an all time high cane arrears of R12,500 crore. With higher FRP, chances are that the cane arrears could higher than R12,500 crore, he
cautioned.
“Last year the opening stock was 93 lakh tonne and this season has started with 75 lakh tons of opening stock and although the surplus is much smaller. However, the government had extended interest free loans from December 2013 when the markets were not as bad. Mills have been waiting for continuation of export incentives since the last three months and the sentiment in the trading community has been poor. ISMA has been pushing for continuation of the incentives. There is still time and people are expecting the government to come forward with assistance,” Verma said.
TAGS: Maharashtra Sugar Mills Sugar Mills
More from commodities
‘Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT William D Dar, director general of International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (Icrisat) which has its global headquarters in Hyderabad, has transformed the organisation into one of the best international agricultural research for development (AR4D) centres in terms of innovative and inclusive research programmes for better financial health and stability. In an interaction […]

Lufthansa braces for next strike as board approves low-cost expansionstrike
Lufthansa's board approved plans on Wednesday to expand its budget flight operations against the backdrop of deteriorating relations with its pilots who are set for their tenth strike this year.
With the dust barely settled after this week's two-day walkout that forced Lufthansa to cancel half its flights, affecting 150,000 passengers, pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit called another strike for Thursday.
However, this year's 160 million euro ($198 million) hit to operating profit as a direct result of the dispute over proposed changes to an early retirement scheme is only the tip of the iceberg and highlights the difficulty facing traditional airlines aiming to cut costs to counter the threat to their survival from leaner rivals.
Lufthansa is battling to remain competitive in the face of budget carriers such as Ryanair and easyJet and Gulf operators including Emirates, Etihad and Qatar on lucrative long-haul routes.
Hence, the company's decision to push ahead with expansion of regional airline Eurowings, where costs are 40 percent below that of Lufthansa-branded operations, into a no-frills platform alongside its existing budget carrier Germanwings.
Lufthansa, which traditionally targets mainly business customers, wants to chase faster market growth by boosting low-cost services to price-sensitive tourists, with Chief Executive Carsten Spohr vowing to remain strong despite pilot resistance.
The pilots, like peers at Air France, believe low-cost expansion could result in lower pay and worse conditions. Air France-KLM was forced to backtrack on plans to expand its low-cost brand, Transavia, in Europe following a two-week pilot strike in September.
"We hope that we won't have any more strikes for the sake of our passengers, shareholders and employees," Mr. Spohr told journalists on Wednesday. "But we have set the path so that Lufthansa can have a future and strikes are the consequence that we have to live with."
Lufthansa on Wednesday offered mediation with the pilots in the hope of resolving the dispute in time for the Christmas holiday season.
Lufthansa shares closed up 1 per cent on Wednesday, but are still down 8 per cent this year, against a 14.5 percent gain by European travel and leisure stocks.

Sukma Maoist attack: Is this how we treat our martyrspicture  others
Chhattisgarh Maoist attack: Is this how we treat our martyrs?
Uniforms and boots of the dead CRPF personnel were found in a garbage dump of the Ambedkar Hospital in Raipur where autopsies were performed on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo)
As word spread, the police reached the Congress office but party leaders refused to part with the belongings. (Source: Express photo)
These lay there for more than 24 hours and were spotted by relatives of hospital patients on Wednesday. They took photographs and sent them to journalists. (Source: Express photo)
State Congress chief Bhupesh Baghel said: “The Raman Singh government threw the uniforms of the deceased personnel in a garbage dump. We brought the belongings to ensure a proper cremation.” (Source: Express photo)
BJP’s Shivratan Sharma called the Congress act of whisking away the belongings “laashon ki rajniti (politics over bodies)”. (Source: Express photo)
The CRPF, in turn, said the police and hospital staff should have taken care of the belongings. (Source: Express photo)
A group led by Raipur party president Vikas Upadhyaya reached the hospital, raised slogans, collected the bloodstained belongings and took them to the state Congress headquarters for a “dignified cremation”. (Source: Express photo)
Related

CoalMin to auction 18 additional coal blocks in phase 1Coal Ministry to auction 18 additional coal blocks in phase 1
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 15:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Coal Ministry will auction or allot 18 more coal blocks in addition to already announced 74 mines for sale in the first lot to meet the growing domestic demand for the fuel.
Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told PTI that the ministry had finalised (to allot and auction) 18 more blocks which have an additional capacity of about 120 million tonnes (MT).
"These (coal blocks) will be primarily for power sector because when we analysed the number of coal blocks to be put up for auction we discovered that sufficient number of coal blocks were not available for power sector.
Hence, we scouted for more blocks which are better in terms of readiness. Those 18 blocks have been added to the list," he said.
Out of the 92 coal blocks to be allotted and auctioned in the first lot, 57 mines would be given to the power sector, while the remaining mines would be for the sectors like steel and cement, Swarup said.
Of the 57 blocks to be allotted and auctioned for the power sector , 23 will be considered for allotment to states and the rest will be put for auction, the Secretary said.
In November, the government had announced auctioning of 74 blocks in the first phase, including 42 blocks which are already into production and 32 which are ready for production.
The sale process of the first lot of coal blocks , the allotments for which were cancelled by the Supreme Court ,  will start on February 11 and mines will be allotted only to specified end-users.
In a major blow to the coal sector, the apex court had termed the allocation of 204 mines since 1993 as arbitrary and illegal.
The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly. The e-auction of coal blocks will have a two-stage tender process of technical and financial bids.

Arun Jaitley for cooperation to check tax evasionArun Jaitley calls for global cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 14:37 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley  on Thursday said free trade should also mean fair trade, calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, Jaitley said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to check tax evasion and smuggling.
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference in the national capital on Thursday, the finance minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance were necessary to ensure that free trade remained fair trade.
Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance.
Jaitley said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down.
The government has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations .

ProAlpha Systematic CapitalRishi Kohli completed B. Tech, Mechanical Engg from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and passed out from Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow in the year 2001.
ABOUT Rishi Kohli
Rishi Kohli completed B. Tech, Mechanical Engg from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and passed out from Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow in the year 2001.

Sensex rises 120 pts to close at 28 562.82; Nifty ends about 27 pts up at 8 564.40Direct equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark Sensex today bounced back to end with a gain of 120 points and Nifty jumped 26.75 points after rising to new lifetime high on the back of heavy buying in ITC shares on buzz that the government will not ban sales of loose cigarettes.
Global cues were also supportive. Asian and European stocks surged on talk of global monetary stimulus ahead of a European Central Bank policy meeting that could move closer to expanded monetary easing.
ITC, the most influential stock in 30-share BSE Sensex, jumped 5.44 per cent to over six-month high on speculation that government will put on hold its proposal to ban sales of loose cigarettes. Shares of other cigarette makers like Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries also rose in 2-6 per cent range.
The Sensex, which had retreated from record highs by falling over 251 points in the previous three sessions, opened today on a strong footing. It quickly soared to day’s high of 28,808.78. However, profit-booking at higher levels forced it to pare gains and closed at 28,562.82, up 120.11 points, or 0.42 per cent.
On similar lines the 50-share National Stock Exchange index Nifty, after scaling a new peak of 8,626.95 in early trade, closed at 8,564.40, up 26.75, or 0.31 per cent. Intra-day, the gauge breached its earlier record of 8,623 reached on December 1.
Persistent foreign capital inflows into equity market also boosted the market sentiment. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 391.07 crore yesterday.
Besides ITC, Sensex constituents Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, ICICI Bank, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, HDFC and Bajaj Auto notched up moderate gains.
Sectorally, the BSE FMCG index gained the most by rising 3 per cent, followed by Banking index 0.76 per cent, Capital Goods index 0.40 per cent, Metal index 0.29 per cent, Auto index 0.13 per cent and Power index 0.06 per cent.
Buying activity also witnessed in smallcap and midcap stocks. The BSE Small Cap index rose 0.31 per cent and the BSE Midcap index gained 0.25 per cent.
Most Asian indices rose. “Chinese shares soared to multi year highs amidst steep rise in financial and oil shares and on the back of expectations of further economic stimulus measures,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
TAGS: Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Clean chit to accused officer in Eric Garner case sparks Ferguson like protests across New YorkBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 6:01 pm
In a case that sparked outrage and drew comparisons to the deadly police shooting in Ferguson, Missouri, a white New York City police officer was cleared in the chokehold death of an unarmed black man stopped on suspicion of selling loose, untaxed cigarettes.
The decision Wednesday by the Staten Island grand jury not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo heightened tensions that have simmered in the city since the July 17 death of Eric Garner. In the neighborhood where Garner died, people reacted with angry disbelief and chanted, “I can’t breathe!” and “Hands up — don’t choke!”
In anticipation of the announcement on the grand jury decision, police officials met with community leaders on Staten Island to head off a repeat of the response in Ferguson, where a grand jury decided last week not to indict the white officer who shot the unarmed black teen. Demonstrations there resulted in more than 100 arrests and destruction of 12 commercial buildings by fire.
Meanwhile, President Barack Obama said Wednesday evening that the grand jury decision underscores the need to strengthen the trust and accountability between communities and law enforcement. The U.S. Justice Department will conduct a federal investigation into Garner’s death, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced Wednesday evening.
As with 18-year-old Michael Brown’s death, the Garner case sparked protests, accusations of racist policing and calls for federal prosecutors to intervene. But unlike the Missouri protests, the demonstrations in New York remained mostly peaceful.
Garner’s stepfather, Benjamin Carr, urged calm but said the ruling made no sense.
“It’s just a license to kill a black man,” he said, calling the justice system “not worth a damn.”
In his first public comments on the death, Pantaleo said he prays for Garner’s family and hopes they accept his condolences.
Police union officials and Pantaleo’s lawyer argued that the officer used a takedown move taught by the police department, not a banned maneuver, because Garner was resisting arrest. They said his poor health was the main reason he died.
Staten Island District Attorney Daniel Donovan said the grand jury found “no reasonable cause” to bring charges. The grand jury could have considered a range of charges, from murder to a lesser offense such as reckless endangerment.
“I am actually astonished based on the evidence of the videotape, and the medical examiner, that this grand jury at this time wouldn’t indict for anything,” said a lawyer for Garner’s family, Jonathan Moore.
Garner’s family planned a news conference later in the day with civil rights leader Rev. Al Sharpton. Mayor Bill de Blasio canceled his planned appearance continued…

NSEL scam: ED attaches Rs 14.22 cr assets of NK ProteinsNSEL scam: ED attaches Rs 14.22 crore assets of defaulting firm NK Proteins
PTI     Ahmedabad   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 18:21 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Enforcement Directorate has attached assets worth 14.22 crore of a defaulting firm, accused in the Rs 5,600 crore National Spot Exchange scam case (NSEL).
ED Mumbai attaches commercial property under PMLA in Ahmedabad worth Rs 14.22 crore of M/s N K Protein in NSEL scam , the investigating agency tweeted on Thursday's morning.
We have attached some offices, valued at Rs 14.22 crore, of NK Proteins in a commercial complex in Ahmedabad, a top ED official in Mumbai said on condition of anonymity.
The firm's offices are located in 'Popular House' complex, situated on Ashram Road in the city.
However, it is not clear whether the offices attached on Thursday are from the said building only.
When contacted, a top N K Proteins official said they are yet to receive the notice from ED.
Our legal department is looking into this issue. We are not aware whether these offices were attached by ED or not.
The situation will be clear only after our legal officers come back from Mumbai, the official, who did not want to be identified, said.
ED's Mumbai unit had registered a criminal FIR in October last year in connection with the NSEL scam, in which 13,000 investors are believed hit by the payment crisis, to probe instances of money laundering.
NSEL, the country's only commodities spot exchange, went belly up on July 31 last year after the then UPA government ordered its shutdown for violation of norms.
Following this, the exchange defaulted on its payment obligations.
NK Proteins, one of the top edible oil players of Gujarat, is allegedly the top NSEL borrower-defaulter, having obligations to the tune of Rs 970 crore.
Earlier in August, ED had attached assets worth Rs 18.1 crore of N K Proteins in Mumbai, Noida, Ahmedabad and Palanpur in Gujarat under the criminal provisions of the PMLA. 

Lactalis says Tirumala violated non-compete clauseLactalis likely to sue Tirumala promoters over non-compete clause
Reghu Balakrishnan & Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Tension is brewing between Lactalis, the world’s largest dairy company, and promoters of the Andhra Pradesh-based Tirumala Milk Products, which Lactalis acquired early this year.
According to sources familiar with the development, French firm Lactalis is likely to take the legal route against the promoters of Tirumala for breaching a non-compete agreement signed during the acquisition. Sources close to Lactalis said a new dairy business had been launched in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, with the knowledge of the Tirumala promoters.
While a detailed questionnaire sent to Lactalis on Monday did not elicit any response, Bolla Bramha Naidu, a promoter of Tirumala and a politician from the YSR Congress, said the separate dairy business was set up by ex-employees of Tirumala. “I have nothing to do with the new dairy that has been launched. I have exited Tirumala and I am not in the know of things,” he added.
Naidu, former managing director of Tirumala, said his loyalties were with Lactalis. “Though I have exited Tirumala, I continue to support Lactalis. I extend my fullest cooperation to them.” Pressed further on whether he was aware of Lactalis’s plans to pursue legal options, he denied any knowledge of the matter, saying if he was served a legal notice, he would respond appropriately to it.
In January this year, the $20-billion Lactalis had announced the acquisition of 100 per cent stake in Tirumala Milk Products. Though the deal size was not disclosed, it was reported at about $275 million (Rs 1,800 crore).
PAST TROUBLES
In 2007. The Wadias sued Danone, as the latter had invested in Avesthagen, violating a non-compete agreement
In 2011-12. Unitech dragged Norwegian firm Telenor to court, citing breach of non-compete clause. Telenor was said to be in taks with Sterlite Industries and SREI Infrastructure, which ran mobile tower firm Viom Networks, to be its partner
In 2013 PE firm IEP sued Jayaram Banan of Sagar Ratna Restaurants for breaching a non-compete agreement by launching a new restaurant
Tirumala, the second-largest private dairy firm in south India, was founded in 1996 by D Brahmanandam, Bolla Brahma Naidu, B Nageswara Rao, N Venkata Rao and R Satyanarayana. Before the acquisition, Carlyle, the US-based private equity firm, held 20 per cent stake in Tirumala Milk Products, while promoters held the rest.
India is the world’s largest milk producer, accounting for about a fifth of the global produce. A report by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India had estimated by 2015, the turnover of India’s dairy sector would stand at Rs 5 lakh crore.
Production would rise from 123 million tonnes (mt) in 2011 to about 190 mt by 2015, it had added.  The Rs 2,500-crore Tamil Nadu-based Hatsun Agro Products is the largest private dairy in India. In a similar case, Jayaram Banan, the Delhi-based promoter of Sagar Ratna chain of restaurants, was sued by private equity firm IEP last year.
It was alleged Banan had breached a non-compete agreement by launching a new restaurant after selling his business to IEP.

Meet the  crazy  Mr. Ranveer SinghIf we ask who is most spontaneous and naughty actor in b town then you might say Ranveer Singh and we all know why he deserves this title.
Link

M3M eyes Rs 12 000 cr revenue from Sahara landM3M eyes sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from Sahara land in 6-8 years
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 20:59 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Having bought 185 acres of land in Gurgaon from Sahara Group , realty firm M3M India on Thursday said it will develop a world-class mixed-use project, comprising housing, commercial and hotels, with an expected sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore over the next 6-8 years.
The Gurgaon-based real estate developer is also exploring the possibility of roping in international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms to develop this ambitious project, which could entail an investment of over Rs 4,000 crore.
M3M India, which currently has 2,000 acres of land in an around Gurgaon, is developing 14 projects, including its flagship 75-acre project 'M3M Golf Estate', covering about 11 million sq ft of built up area.
Announcing the big-ticket land deal , M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said, "We have acquired 185 acres of land in Delhi-NCR from Sahara group for Rs 1,211 crore... This is one of the biggest land deals in recent history in Delhi-NCR."
This is the realty company's second major land deal . In 2012, M3M had bought 28 acres of prime land in Gurgaon from DLF, the country's largest property developer, for Rs 440 crore.
"We will come up with a high-end mixed-use development project on this land comprising branded homes, service apartments, offices, retail, hotels and entertainment centres.
We are expecting sales revenue of Rs 12,000 crore from this project," Bansal said.
M3M India would also have medical, educational and sports facilities in the project.
The realty company would be shortly applying for approvals to develop this project, which is expected to be launched in the last quarter of 2015 and get completed in the next 6-8 years.
When asked about total investment on project, Bansal said, "It is too premature to estimate but it will be about one-third of the estimated sales revenue."
On funding of this project, the director said M3M would fund the project cost largely from internal accruals.
Bansal also said that the company is looking at partnering with international developers, financial institutions and private equity firms.

4 Things You Can Do to Personalize Your Brand Like the CelebsOprah Winfrey, via Getty Images
By Kelli Richards, CEO of The All Access Group
Between Google and social media, it's become simultaneously easier and more difficult than ever to maintain your brand image. With a few keystrokes, anyone can learn just about anything about you. On the other hand, if you can cultivate what your audience will find, you can influence your brand image and how others perceive you.
Whether you're seeking a career change, a promotion, or new clients, this is a powerful tool, and perhaps no one knows this better than A-list celebrities.
Control Your Image Like a Pro
The most successful celebrities know that getting their name out there is about more than just being seen. It's about imparting a personalized concept of who they are.
If you want to brand yourself like the stars, focus on these four tactics:
Use media to your advantage. Whether that means effectively utilizing social media, public speaking, or establishing your brand's platform by publishing articles and books, you need to become known and trusted as a thought leader. Leverage media to give people a sense of who you are, what you stand for, and what you're doing to change the world. Don't be a best-kept secret!
Be authentic. Celebrities who express their fears and vulnerabilities honestly are more likely to create tighter bonds with their audiences. Think of when Princess Diana expressed her sadness over her crumbling marriage on global television or how Roger Ebert continued his work while visibly battling a crippling disease. When celebrities show they're human, they're much more relatable.
Craft the image you want others to perceive about you. By consistently sharing your thoughts and message, you have more influence over what others think of you than you realize. Decide how you want to be perceived, then maintain a consistent tone and presence in your marketplace.
Take a stand. Think of Matt Damon's clean water advocacy or Angelina Jolie's involvement with the U.N. Nearly all celebrities have causes they're committed to, and their public advocacy galvanizes others to take action. By taking a position on something that matters to you, you extend your brand and image leaps and bounds in showing people who you are, what you stand for, and what you're committed to.
Build Your Team
As a business professional, you have a lot on your plate, so how do you find the time and focus to accomplish all this? The trick is building a support system. Depending on your goals, include any (or all) of the following people on your team:
Social media strategist/publicist: This is someone with whom you can discuss how you want to be presented and who will help co-create your brand. She'll provide feedback and develop strategies for shaping your image online and off.
Trusted advisor/mentor: Connect with someone who can help you identify your authentic self to ensure you're living in alignment with your values. Ideally, this is someone who's walked in your shoes. This will help you remain consistent, authentic, inspiring, and powerful when expressing yourself.
Visual artists: Whether this means photographers, videographers, or graphics and web designers, it's important to include people who are skilled at crafting a digital persona that's consistent with what you want to project to the world about you and your contributions.
Personal stylist/image consultant: It's helpful to hire someone who can pay attention to your physical persona to ensure it highlights your best attributes in professional and social contexts.
Colleagues, friends, and family: Never forget the people who know you best. They're your
cheerleaders and evangelists -- always on hand for support and reinforcement.
With the right support team and tactics, you'll be equipped with everything you need to blur the lines between business professional and business celebrity. Consider Richard Branson. Between his commitment to espousing pro-employee ethics, his authenticity, and his carefully crafted brand image, he's known and lauded as much more than a successful businessman. He's someone we admire as a thought leader and values-driven global ambassador who lives his passion and gives back to others.
In a world where brand, image, and reputation are key professional attributes, it's critical for any professional to manage how she appears -- whether that's online or off. So get to work building your image and sharing your ideas. A whole new level of success awaits.
A highly sought-after consultant, super connector, trusted advisor, celebrity wrangler, and thought leader, Kelli Richards is the CEO of The All Access Group. She facilitates strategic business opportunities in digital distribution among innovative technology companies, talent and media companies, and brands to foster new revenue streams and deliver compelling consumer experiences. As a trusted advisor, she transforms the quality of people's lives. Kelli is also the author of the bestselling e-book "The Magic and Moxie of Apple: An Insider's View."
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Zuari group unveils Rs 282-cr open offer for MCFLBSE
(The voluntary open offer…)
MUMBAI: Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 today.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers.
"ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals...", a BSE filing said.
Earlier in the day, the fertiliser company announced appointment of Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter an earlier open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After those open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal flies business class to Dubai  draws flak from BJP CongressBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:21 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:13 pm
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal on Thrusday flew business class to Dubai to attend a felicitation event, sparking strong reaction from the opposition which said his “real face” has been “exposed”.
The Aam Aadmi Party, however, came to Kejriwal’s defence, asking whether it was a crime to travel business class, a facility provided by the organisers.
The AAP chief left for a five-day visit to Dubai and New York on Thursday afternoon. In Dubai, Kejriwal will receive the award for Asia’s most inspiring and young social change maker at the World Brands Summit.He will also address the Abu Dhabi chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).
Pointless hue & cry on @ArvindKejriwal traveling business class. Pointlessness he reduced the political narrative to pic.twitter.com/ZSKDpJLBCG
— Pawan Khera (@Pawankhera) December 4, 2014
Kejriwal will then proceed to New York, where he will deliver a lecture at the prestigious Columbia University and dine with his party supporters.
Kejriwal, a former bureaucrat, is known for his simple lifestyle even when he became the Delhi Chief Minister. He preferred to travel in his Blue Wagon R and opted for a flat as his official accommodation.
Taking a jibe at Kejriwal, Union Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy said when he met the former chief minister of Delhi at the Republic Day parade, he was surrounded by policemen.
“I had a privilege of taking his photograph and asking Mr Kejriwal- ‘You are a common man and you are surrounded by 60 odd Delhi Police personnel’,” Rudy said.
“They do not have any agenda anymore and it is merely a lip service and he stands thoroughly exposed because he does not have anything to speak now. He is a man who prefers to fly business class and that is not very unusual and the people of Delhi must know this,” Rudy said.
Congress too mounted attack on Kejriwal, saying his real face has been exposed.
“AAP is completely exposed and the real face of the party has been revealed. AAP does not do what it says and does what it does not say. On one hand they talk about the common man and on the other their chief travels in the business class to collect donation. This clearly shows the intention of the party,” Congress spokesperson Shoba Oza said.
After the attack from Congress and BJP, the party rallied behind its leader. “The AAP makes it clear that entire programme details for Kejriwal’s five-day trip has already been made public and the ticket for his entire tour has been arranged by his IIT batch mates and organisers.
“The party is surprised at the attempts to rake up an unnecessary issue when all details are in the public domain and all details about the trip have already been provided,” AAP said in a statement.
Defending Kejriwal, AAP Delhi convener Ashutosh said his party chief had expressed desire to travel in economy class, but the organisers continued…

#Express5: A cataract surgery that went wrong; Mamata goes for aU-turnWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:20 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:59 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1. BLINDED
At least 15 people, all residents of Gago Mahal village in Amritsar district, are reported to have lost their eyesight after they were operated upon at an eye camp held in Ghuman village, in Gurdaspur, last month.
At least 15 people blinded after undergoing cataract surgery at Punjab eye camp by Anju Agnihotri Chaba
2. TMC’S U-TURN
In a U-turn that has paved the way for implementation of the long-pending Land Boundary Agreement with Bangladesh, the ruling TMC in West Bengal on Thursday declared its support to the accord with party supremo saying she wants a “speedy solution to the enclave problem”.
Mamata Banerjee does a U-turn; supports land boundary pact for ‘speedy solution to enclave problem’ reports Madhuparna Das
3. JUSTICE V R KRISHNA IYER
Justice Iyer’s views, “The mortality of justice at the hands of law troubles a Judge’s conscience and points an angry interrogation at the law reformer.The humanist rule that procedure should be the handmaid, not the mistress, of legal justice compels consideration of vesting a residuary power in judges to act ex debito justitiae where the tragic sequel otherwise would be wholly inequitable…. Justice is the goal of jurisprudence.”
Justice V R Krishna Iyer: The tallest of tall oaks, a beacon for India’s judiciary by Utkarsh Anand
4. OPINION
The Prime Minister was forced to break his silence on the hate speech made by his minister, Niranjan Jyoti, by the strong protests of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha. He had to come on record against such speeches.
Prime minister’s choice writes Brinda Karat
5. SPORTS
In the aftermath of the Phillip Hughes tragedy, many had wondered whether the short-pitched delivery had become a hazardous liability. Or whether it would make an appearance at all during the Tests.
Bouncebackability by Bharat Sundaresan

AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal to address Columbia University students during New YorkvisitBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:14 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:52 am
The Aam Admi Party (AAP) chief Arvind Kejriwal will address the students of the prestigious Columbia University in New York on Sunday, his supporters in US said Thursday.
Kejriwal is scheduled to stay in the New York for less than 24 hours, during which he will interact with students at the School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA), Columbia University on December 7, AAP volunteer from Chicago, Munish Raizada said.
Due to Kejriwal’s busy schedule in view of the Delhi Assembly elections, he is making a short visit to the US at the request of his supporters in that country.
“Otherwise, there is huge demand from the strong AAP support base in North America and United Kingdom to visit various cities,” he said.
“Even this short trip has energised the AAP cadre in USA and the volunteers will redouble the efforts to participate in the Delhi elections,” Raizada said, adding that Kejriwal would also interact with AAP supporters in the US.

Ajay Devgn  Sonakshi Sinhas much-awaited Action Jackson hits screenstodayWritten by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:30 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 8:46 am
It’s surely an exciting Friday as we have Bollywood’s macho man, Ajay Devgn ’s much-awaited action flick, ‘Action Jackson’ releasing today.
The film also stars desi belle, Sonakshi Sinha who has previously shared screen space with the ‘Singham’ actor in ‘Son of Sardaar’.
Directed by choreographer-filmmaker, Prabhu Dheva, the film is expected to live up to its name, making it a thrilling journey that will have you on the edge of your seat. Ajay Devgn is said to portray some impressive swordsmanship in ‘Action Jackson’, while romancing his ladylove on the side.
Both Ajay and Sonakshi, who share great onscreen chemistry, will also add humour to the action flick.
And of course, being a Prabhu Dheva film, ‘Action Jackson’ is sure to be high on the song and dance quotient. The film’s tracks have already become a hit with audiences.
Actress Sonakshi said her co-star is allergic to dancing, but he was prepared for the film thanks to director Prabhudheva. “Prabhudheva had told him, ‘You have to dance’. Prabhu is a great choreographer, so he gave Ajay steps according to his personality and not gave him any steps because of which he will be uncomfortable,” she added.

Sarfraz Ahmed  bowlers steer Pakistan to victory against NewZealandBy: Reuters | Dubai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:07 am
Pakistan opener Sarfraz Ahmed’s belligerent 76 not out secured a comprehensive seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in the first Twenty20 International in Dubai on Thursday.
Sarfraz hit two sixes and eight fours in his 64-ball knock to help Pakistan reach their target with five balls to spare after Pakistan restricted New Zealand to 135 for seven.
Asked to bat first, New Zealand slumped to 15 for three before Martin Guptill (32) and Corey Anderson (48) halted the slide with a 46-run stand.
Leading the team in the absence of rested Brendon McCullum, Kane Williamson was dismissed for a golden duck when Anwar Ali’s third delivery trapped him lbw.
After Guptill’s departure in the 10th over, Anderson added 51 runs with Luke Ronchi (33) but his 37-ball knock studded with four sixes came to an end when Saad Nasim leapt to take a brilliant catch on the boundary.
Anderson’s exit in the 16th over robbed New Zealand of the momentum and the visitors scored only 25 runs off the last five overs.
Pakistan made a flying start with Sarfraz and Awais Zia (20) taking them past the 50-mark in the eighth over.
Zia and Mohammad Hafeez fell in quick succession but Sarfraz looked unstoppable and he hit Anderson for a six in the 11th over to bring up his maiden 20-over fifty.
Umar Akmal chipped in with an unbeaten 27 off 14 balls, sealing Pakistan’s victory with a six off Jimmy Neesham.
The teams return to the same ground in less than 24 hours for the second and final Twenty20 International on Friday.

Disinvestment ahead  Sensex on fire but public-sector index infreezeWritten by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:42 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:55 am
AS the NDA government kickstarts its disinvestment programme for 2014-15 tomorrow — with less than four months to go for the end of the fiscal — there seems little investor appetite for PSU stocks in an otherwise strong bull market for equities.
While the Sensex has rallied by over 16 per cent since the Narendra Modi-led government took charge on May 26, the PSU index — comprising 59 listed state-owned companies — has actually seen a nearly 3 per cent decline during this same period.
This is as opposed to several other sectoral indices (see box) that have jumped anywhere between 10 and 50 per cent in the last six months.
The share price of SAIL, the first in the list to be on the block, has registered a decline by over 10 per cent since May 26. The disinvestment offer entails sale of 20.65 crore shares at a floor price of Rs 83, a shade below the closing of Rs 85.35 today. Its widely believed that in the absence of market excitement. government-owned financial institutions are expected to participate in the disinvestment process.
This lack of market enthusiasm for PSU stocks is attributed to no visible management reforms in these enterprises contrary to initial expectations. In fact, the wait for the new government to initiate policy changes to allow for more operational and managerial autonomyin PSUs goes on.
“There are some great public sector companies but the challenge is how do you turnaround the management or how do you make them professional. Unless you take it out of bureaucratic hands, it’s tough for them to compete in the market,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
As many as 17 PSUs are without a chairman including the likes of Coal India, Power Finance Corporation and National Hydro Power Corporation.
While ONGC, Coal India and NHPC are next in line where the government will divest up to 11 per cent of its holding, the share prices of the three companies have fallen by 8 per cent, 11 per cent and 21 per cent respectively which will result in a reduced realisation for the government from stake sales as compared to what it could have got six months back. Of course, has PSU shares rallied in line with the broader market, the realisation for the government from these stake sales would have gone up.
The head of a leading investment banking firm said another reason why the market does not have confidence in PSUs is because the government has not kept the commitment it made.
“For NTPC, they promised merchant power rate to NTPC, in case continued…

Deadlock over Sadhvi; Opposition isnt impressed  BJPunsureWritten by Manoj C G , Abantika Ghosh , Liz Mathew | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:33 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 8:02 am
As the deadlock in Parliament continued, with the Centre rejecting the demand for Union Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s dismissal, the Opposition on Thursday proposed a way out — a resolution, moved either by the government or the chair, condemning such “provocative” statements.
Meanwhile, some in the BJP felt that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should not have made a statement in the Rajya Sabha, given the Opposition’s intransigence. The deadlock has disturbed the government since it had lined up a heavy legislative agenda, including the Insurance Bill, Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, Payments and Settlement Bill and debate on MGNREGA among other issues.
A senior BJP minister claimed the Opposition, led by the Congress, had agreed that the PM’s statement could break the deadlock. “However, they ditched us,” he alleged.
Showing no signs of easing the pressure, the Congress, Trinamool Congress and the Left have decided to hold a joint protest outside Parliament on Friday. Sources in the Opposition camp said the “ball is now in the government’s camp”.
The sources said if the government agrees to their demand, the two sides could work out the exact formulation of the resolution. “It can be a general resolution. Since the minister has expressed regret and the Prime Minister himself has disapproved of her remarks, there should not be any difficulty in condemning her statement as well,” said a senior Opposition leader.
“Let the government come back with a proposal. They can bring a unanimous resolution condemning the incident and making it clear that reliable and responsible behaviour is expected from ministers… they cannot shoot off their mouths. They can bring it to us and we can consider it. There is no room for arrogance here. They have to keep in mind that they do not have the numbers to make Rajya Sabha run on their own terms,” said TMC leader Derek O’Brien. “The government has the keys to running the Rajya Sabha,” he said.
While the government is yet to respond to the Opposition’s proposal, a senior minister said: “We are ready to walk more than halfway to resolve the issue. Let them come up with any suggestion. We are willing to consider it.”
“We will wait for what the government has to say,” said Anand Sharma, Congress deputy leader in Rajya Sabha. “What has happened is an insult to the Indian Constitution… The Prime Minister’s words are not adequate. It is the responsibility of the Prime Minister… to take the right action,” he said.
Sharma denied that the Congress had agreed to let the House function after the Prime Minister’s statement.
A senior BJP minister said there were “some in the party” who felt that “the PM, who has the image of a strong and aggressive leader”, should not have obliged the Opposition in the Rajya continued…

Ayodhya  Dec 6: BJP plans SaffronDayWritten by Lalmani Verma , Liz Mathew | Lucknow/new Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:29 am
Using WhatsApp messages and pamphlets, BJP workers in Ayodhya and Faizabad are urging people to plant saffron flags atop temples and houses to mark Bhagwa Divas (saffron day) on December 6, the day the Babri Masjid was destroyed in 1992.
BJP leaders in Uttar Pradesh are distancing themselves from the campaign, saying it’s not a party exercise but they “can’t stop local residents from celebrating” since “it comes naturally”.
While state unit chief Laxmikant Bajpai has threatened action against BJP workers if they go ahead with the plan, Faizabad MP Lallu Singh maintains “Lord Ram is not interested in getting his own makaan (house) first. He would want homes for his devotees first.”
Yet Singh, a staunch RSS worker, admits that the “celebrations” this December 6 will be greater because “this is the first anniversary after the BJP came to power with such a clear majority”.
“The VHP usually organises the programme… All houses and shops will hoist saffron flags, put up colorful bulbs and light diyas. Sadhus and sants will assemble for special prayers, pooja and celebrations,” he said.
There is “no coercion” but “it comes naturally to the locals to join the celebrations”, he said, adding that “the BJP is also involved in the celebrations . it’s also natural that this time there will be more enthusiasm and zeal among party workers, local residents because of the stunning BJP victory. There will be more flags, more lights.”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Singh said, is on a “divine mission” of “replicating” Ram “by serving his people without discrimination” and “building houses for the poor”.
State BJP chief Bajpai ruled out any party role: “The BJP is not going to hold any event like Bhagwa Divas on December 6. I will take action against party workers if they organise any such event.”
But BJP workers from its Information Technology cell have even designed a Bhagwa Divas logo, and are forwarding it via social media and WhatsApp.
“Pamphlets are being printed and will be distributed in public with an appeal to place saffron flags atop houses and temples in Ayodhya and Faizabad on December 6,” Dinesh Jaiswal, BJP’s IT cell convenor for Faizabad, said.
Jaiswal said Bhagwa is a symbol of Hindutva and nationalism and they have planned the campaign to “create awareness among youth who do not know much about the incident of December 6, 1992”.
BJP Faizabad district president Ram Krishna Tiwari said the party will not organise any event on December 6 but “we will distribute sweets”.

Keeping Kambalas alive a matter of family prideUpdated: December 5, 2014 09:54 IST
Keeping Kambalas alive a matter of family pride
Tweet
Buffaloes racing around slush paddy fields as part of the Devara Kambala (a religious ritual) held on Sunday at Moodabettu, near Udupi. File photo
Even as the legality of buffalo slush races – or Kambalas – has reached the courts, pride and family prestige seem to be the major factors that have kept the tradition alive in most cases. Kambalas have now been banned in Udupi and Dakshina Kannada.
Ask anyone owning a pair of race buffaloes, they are more likely to say there is nothing that they gain by participating in Kambalas other than the “name” for the family. Many take pride that their families are one of the few to own buffaloes and participate in Kambalas for decades.
As the sport – which according to the Animal Welfare Board of India constitutes cruelty to animals – has gained popularity, more people seem to be taking to it, even as Ministers and legislators take pride in organising Kambalas year after year, more families seem to have developed interest in being part of the Kambalas, which are claimed to be a “traditional sport” sometimes linked to village deities.
“For the owner it is a matter of great pride to be known in his neighbourhood that his animals have won prizes,” says Shekar Ajekar, who has written three books on various aspects of Kambala.
Accidentally famous
Though he and others maintain that it is a long tradition, at least a couple of buffalo owners told The Hindu that their family entry was quite accidental or driven by the desire to be known for it.
Small farmer Narayanappa Salian (65) of Kanthavara-Marakada near Moodbidri said he bought a pair of buffaloes four years ago paying Rs. 40,000 and is maintaining them at an expense of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 for the sake of “family name”. Shreedhar Sanoor, who coordinates the activities of Kambala Stadium in Miyar in Karkala taluk, said the buffaloes in his family have won more than 450 prizes in 45 years. Every year, his buffaloes run in around 24 races. “Ours is the only Vishwakarma family to be in Kambala for so long,” he said. The entry into the sport was by chance when his father late Sanoor Ko. Gu. Acharya took his buffaloes – regularly used in the field – to a Kambala and came back with a prize in the early ‘70s.
The two owners accepted that buffaloes used to be goaded in races but are no longer hit. An experimental show without the stick in the hand of the rider at Miyar was a success recently, they pointed out, and expressed hope that Kambalas would be back in the region.
Monthly expenses of maintaining a pair of he-buffaloes for Kambala can vary from Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 10,000.
Besides making each pair consume four “kondu” (a measure equalling 150 ml) of coconut oil, a couple of measures of oil are used to massage them.
Apart from a quantity of dry grass, the animals are fed around 8 kg of horsegram batter.
Bathing and exercising them (from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.) daily is a must.
Venu Vishwanath Shetty, a well-known owner of buffaloes who also conducts a Kambala, has a special air-conditioned shed for the animals at Padebettu near Subrahmanya, according to Shreedhar Sanoor, who maintains the only Kambala Stadium at Miyar near Karkala.
The animals have also been provided with fans, he said.

Bill Gross warns global markets reaching  point of low returnDec 05, 2014, 09.06 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Bill Gross warns global mkts reaching 'point of low return'
Gross, who oversees the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, said "investors may want to begin to take some chips off the table," given the current environment.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bill Gross warns global mkts reaching 'point of low return'
Gross, who oversees the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, said "investors may want to begin to take some chips off the table," given the current environment.
Post your opinion here
 
Closely watched bond investor Bill Gross on Thursday lambasted central banks around the world for unconventional monetary easing and advised investors to curb risk-taking going into 2015 as global markets are reaching "the point of low return" and diminishing liquidity.
Gross, who oversees the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, said "investors may want to begin to take some chips off the table," given the current environment. "Raise asset quality, reduce duration, and prepare for at least a halt of asset appreciation engineered upon a false central bank premise of artificial yields, QE (Quantitative Easing) and the trickling down of faux wealth to the working class."
In his third investment outlook letter since joining Janus Capital Group Inc, Gross asked: "How could they? How could policymakers have allowed so much debt to be created in the first place, and then failed to regulate their own system accordingly? How could they have thought that money printing and debt creation could create wealth instead of just more and more debt?"
RELATED NEWS

Draghi says will not allow dissenters to block possible ECB actionDec 05, 2014, 08.28 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Won't allow dissenters to block possible ECB action: Draghi
Very low inflation is seen as a trigger for ECB action such as printing fresh money to buy government bonds, a step known as quantitative easing (QE) which Germany opposes.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Won't allow dissenters to block possible ECB action: Draghi
Very low inflation is seen as a trigger for ECB action such as printing fresh money to buy government bonds, a step known as quantitative easing (QE) which Germany opposes.
Post your opinion here
 
The European Central Bank will decide early next year whether to take further action to revive the euro zone's economy, its president said on Thursday, signalling that he would not allow opposition from Germany or anyone else to stop it.
In his clearest language yet, Mario Draghi underlined the central bank's commitment to supporting the ailing economy of the 18-country bloc, and argued the case for printing fresh money to buy assets such as state bonds.
But his remarks, which came within minutes of a meeting where he clashed with German officials over his ambitions, set him on a possible collision course with the euro zone's biggest and single most important country.
Painting a gloomy picture of the euro bloc's prospects, Draghi announced that the ECB expected economic output to be lower in the coming years than it had predicted three months ago, while a slump in the price of oil would further weaken inflation.
Very low inflation is seen as a trigger for ECB action such as printing fresh money to buy government bonds, a step known as quantitative easing (QE) which Germany opposes.
"QE has been shown to be effective in the United States and UK," Draghi told journalists at a press conference, saying that he would not 'tolerate' the prospect of price stability, the ECB's central goal, drifting off course.
Perhaps most significantly, however, Draghi made clear that he would face down the considerable political opposition to further radical action.
Last week, Sabine Lautenschlaeger, Germany's appointee to the ECB's Executive Board, said now was not the time for state bond buying. But Draghi said there was no need for all 18 countries to agree.
"Do we need to have unanimity to proceed on QE or can we have a majority? I think we don't need unanimity," he said, delivering a strong message to Germany.
German opposition nonetheless remains a serious obstacle.
Lautenschlaeger and Jens Weidmann, the head of Germany's Bundesbank, opposed a decision on Thursday to harden up Draghi's goal of bolstering the ECB's balance sheet of assets, such as credit to banks, central bank sources told Reuters.
The ECB has set itself a goal of expanding its balance sheet -- buying assets from banks and others in return for cash it hopes will be pushed into the economy -- by up to 800 billion or even 1 trillion euros ($1.24 trillion).
Many in the market were frustrated that Draghi was not already able to go further.
"It's now patently clear that ... Draghi lacks the crucial German support for launching full-blown quantitative easing," said Nicolas Spiro of Spiro Sovereign Strategy.
GRIM OUTLOOK
New forecasts by the ECB predicted the bloc's economy would grow just 1.0 percent next year rather than the 1.6 percent predicted just three months ago.
Inflation is seen at just 0.7 percent in 2015, down from a September forecast of 1.1 percent and way below the target of just under 2 percent.
If prices were to start to falling, as they already have in some countries, that could discourage consumers from shopping while they wait for goods to get cheaper, creating a vicious circle that pulls down the economy.
"Early next year the Governing Council will reassess the monetary stimulus achieved, the expansion of the balance sheet and the outlook for price developments," Draghi said.
Speaking in the ECB's new 1.3 billion euro headquarters, an imposing Frankfurt skyscraper designed to show the strength of the currency, Draghi said particular attention would be paid to tumbling oil prices.
Mounting concerns about the euro zone economy were underlined by the U.S. Federal Reserve's influential vice chairman, Stanley Fischer, who said money-printing would help Europe as it had the United States.[ID:nL6N0TO0NG]
Other major central banks including the Fed, Bank of Japan and Bank of England, have already used QE to reboot their economies.
Germany fears it would encourage reckless state borrowing and fuel inflation in future.
(1 US dollar = 0.8074 euro)
RELATED NEWS

Goldman retains  buy  on SBI  bullish on bank s initiativesDec 05, 2014, 09.21 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Goldman retains 'buy' on SBI, bullish on bank's initiatives
While sounding bullish on India's largest bank, the brokerage cautioned that slower-than-expected execution and higher non performing loans could disappoint.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Goldman retains 'buy' on SBI, bullish on bank's initiatives
While sounding bullish on India's largest bank, the brokerage cautioned that slower-than-expected execution and higher non performing loans could disappoint.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Brokerage house Goldman Sachs has retained its ‘buy’ rating on  State Bank of India with a price target of Rs 360, after its meetings with key divisional heads.
"SBI is undergoing a widespread transformation by capitalizing on technology with a clear emphasis on profitability by: (1) improving its brand image with the younger generation (i.e. through digital branches); (2) upgrading loan processing (acquisition) and recovery to reduce non performing loans (follow-up, litigation management); (3) improving fees (using data analytics, besides pushing through RMs) and (4) reducing costs (investing in alternate channels)," said the Goldman note to clients.
"We believe these initiatives will translate to higher ROA (return on assets) of 1.2 percent by FY18E, with potential to improve to 1.4 percent vs. 0.7 percent in 2Q15, and drive stock price performance," the note said.
The brokerage cautioned that slower-than-expected execution and higher non performing loans could disappoint.

Govt gets electronics mfg proposals worth Rs 15 000 crDec 04, 2014, 09.53 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Govt gets electronics mfg proposals worth Rs 15,000 cr
The govt has also given an in-principle approval for setting up of 10 electronics clusters and plans to invest Rs 5000 crore on them via PPP.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt gets electronics mfg proposals worth Rs 15,000 cr
The govt has also given an in-principle approval for setting up of 10 electronics clusters and plans to invest Rs 5000 crore on them via PPP.
Post your opinion here
 
The government had got electronics manufacturing proposals worth Rs 15,000 crore, from companies like Panasonic , Continental, Bosch , Samsung, Motherson Sumi , Sonic and Tata Power , sources  tell CNBC-TV18.
The government has been seeing interest in automotive electronics, consumer appliances and strategic electronics and is learnt to have received fifty-plus proposals since launch of Digital India.
It has also given an in-principle approval for setting up of 10 electronics clusters and plans to invest Rs 5000 crore on them via PPP.
Panasonic App stock price
On December 10, 2014, Panasonic Appliances India Company closed at Rs 241.55, down Rs 5.5, or 2.23 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 286.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 47.05.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 7.87 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 30.69.
RELATED NEWS

BSE changes circuit filter for Gati  Gammon  Radico  othersDec 05, 2014, 09.39 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BSE changes circuit filter for Gati, Gammon, Radico, others
Circuit filter limits for Golden Tobacco, Gammon Infra, Zuari Agro, 8k Miles , Alembic, Ibull Infra, Gati have been doubled to 20 percent
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE changes circuit filter for Gati, Gammon, Radico, others
Circuit filter limits for Golden Tobacco, Gammon Infra, Zuari Agro, 8k Miles , Alembic, Ibull Infra, Gati have been doubled to 20 percent
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The BSE has changed circuit filter limits for 489 stocks with effect from today. Some of them include:
Raised from 5 percent to 10 percent

Nifty upmove to continue despite volatility: CK Narayan08:00 am
CK Narayan, managing director of Growth Avenues believes the Nifty is likely to continue with its slow move upwards because there is no newsflow or reason in sight that would lead to a sell off. However, he also expects to witness volatility on its way up because the conviction to hold on is less with people expecting the market to correct some time.
"Nifty is reluctant to come down no matter what news comes up and no body is willing to sell", he adds.
He says one must look at trading those companies that have news element attached to it. According to him  Kotak Mahindra Bank is one such stock which has both momentum and news on back of it and so it should be on the traders list. However, it is also a stock for the long-term investors, he adds.
One can invest in Kotak Mahindra Bank at current levels as well as on dips, says Narayan.
Other stocks from the banking space that he is upbeat on are  Oriental Bank of Commerce and Bank of India . Most private banks too are in similar charts, with Yes Bank and Axis Bank leading the pack.
LIC Housing Finance  is another stock which has shown resilience, he says.
He is also upbeat on  Biocon and Lupin . Biocon, has been consolidating on its way up and Lupin could seen Rs 25-50 further upside, says Narayan.
more to come

ICICI Securities sells 2.26 lakh shares of SQS India BFSIDec 05, 2014, 08.19 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Securities sells 2.26 lakh shares of SQS India BFSI
On December 04, 2014  ICICI Securities Limited sold 2,26,901 shares of SQS India BFSI at Rs 606.31.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Securities sells 2.26 lakh shares of SQS India BFSI
On December 04, 2014  ICICI Securities Limited sold 2,26,901 shares of SQS India BFSI at Rs 606.31.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 04, 2014 SQS Software Quality Systems AG bought 2,26,233 shares of  SQS India BFSI at Rs 606.25 on the NSE.
However, ICICI Securities Limited sold 2,26,901 shares at Rs 606.31.
On Thursday SQS India BFSI ended at Rs 652.10, up Rs 1.55, or 0.24 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 680 and 52-week low Rs 246.10 on 29 October, 2014 and 13 December, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Scamsters pose as RBI chief Raghuram Rajan  lure people to deposit Rs 15 500  get Rs 5.50 croreDec 05, 2014 at 12:34am IST
Scamsters pose as RBI chief Raghuram Rajan, lure people to deposit Rs 15,500, get Rs 5.50 crore
23
0
New Delhi: Taking bank lottery scam to a new level, scamsters are using the name and picture of RBI chief Raghuram Rajan to lure gullible people into making a cash deposit of Rs 15,500 to get a winning amount of Rs 5.50 crore.
The 'lottery' amount that they promise to credit into the account of those giving an 'approval fee' is claimed to be part of funds given to RBI by the British Government.
In the scam email, purportedly sent by Rajan and ending with his "hearty congratulations", the targetted beneficiary is also informed that his or her name was decided pursuant to a meeting he had with the United Nations General Secretary Ban Ki-Moon in September.
Taking bank lottery scam to a new level, scamsters are using the name and picture of RBI chief Raghuram Rajan to lure gullible people into making a cash deposit of Rs 15,500 to get a winning amount of Rs 5.50 crore.
#raghuram rajan #rbi #fraud #scam
Asking for this mail to be kept confidential and away from "general public for security reason", the scamsters also provide name and details of a money transfer manager, with a purported employee ID card of an RBI Chief General Manager.
As per RBI, such fictitious offers typically try to defraud gullible people by using its name and are also used as a phishing attempt to get personal and banking details of the targetted persons.
About another fraud perpetrated in its name, RBI recently said in a public alert that fraudsters were promising to issue credit cards in the name of central bank.
Explaining the modus operandi, RBI said that the gullible person is sent a credit card which allows money withdrawal up to a certain limit, albeit a small sum, from a bank account.
Having gained the confidence, the fraudster gets the victim to deposit a huge sum in the same account. Once the money is deposited, the card stops working and that would also be the last time the cardholder would hear from the fraudster.
Warning against such efforts, RBI said it does not carry out any business with an individual, whether through bank accounts, credit or debit cards, online banking or transfer of funds from abroad.
36

SAIL dips 1% as OFS opensThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Board of ICRA approves change in directorateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt starts divestment drive with SAIL todayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAIL disinvestment on today  govt to get Rs 1 700 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

European markets settle lower after draghi stalls on stimulusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil down after Saudi Arabia slashes crude priceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

US indices ends flatThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NMDC in focus after cutting iron ore pricesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Seems some news may be out by end of this month on ukmhra  followed by...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

From today onwards i will avoid intra shortsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Those investor who booked 50% profit on 200/210 can add on these level...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Good morning sir..thanks for the spikePlatinum Member
13276 Followers
Reposted about 11 days 10 hrs 38 min 35 sec ago by raj2099 and 1 others
Some times making money is much easier in stocks but let`s not get tempted and play with in limits and stay safe-cheers

Panel set up to clarify tax lawsPanel set up to clarify tax laws
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, December 4:  
In line with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s announcement during the 2014-15 Budget speech, a High Level Committee to interact with trade and industry to ascertain where clarity on tax laws is required was constituted on Wednesday.
Former Chief Economic Advisor Ashok Lahiri will serve as its Chairman while other members include retired Settlement Commission Member Sidhartha Pradhan and Gautam Ray, retired Director General (Audit) of Customs and Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), an official statement said.
The duties of the Committee includes making recommendations to the Central Board of Direct Taxes/CBEC for issuance of appropriate clarifications, through circulars on tax issues, within two months from the date of receipt of its suggestions and also consult experts and tax professionals when it considers it appropriate. It will submit half-yearly reports to the Finance Minister. Two nodal officers of Joint Secretary/Commissioner rank from the Income Tax and CBEC will assist the Committee after being appointed by the Revenue Secretary.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Govt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL OFS todayGovt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL offer over-subscribed
BS Reporters | Mumbai/New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 03:10 PM IST
Kicking off its disinvestment drive on a positive note, the government's share sale offer in steel major SAIL got over-subscribed today by nearly 1.5 times with almost an hour still left for bidding, ensuring at least Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer. 
The offer for over 20 crore shares of SAIL received robust response from retail investors, to whom the government offered 5% price discount and reserved 10% or over 2 crore shares. 
The government is selling 5% stake in SAIL through this one-day offer, which received bids for more than 30 crore shares, worth over Rs 2,500 crore, by 2.45 pm itself. 
The bidding was scheduled to continue till 3.30 pm at the BSE as well as the NSE. 
Incidentally, the BSE website data showed the offer as getting over-subscribed 131% at around 2.25 pm, before revising it downward to 69%. Around 15 minutes later, the data on both BSE and NSE websites showed the offer getting over-subscribed. 
The retail segment was over-subscribed 1.28 times, while non-retail segment was over-subscribed 1.5 times as on 2.45 pm, taking the total subscription level of over 20 crore shares at 1.48 times. 
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 58,000-crore by selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal. It is also first disinvestment during the current fiscal. 
It is probably the first OFS in which the stock exchanges are showing the retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately. 
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75% less than yesterday's closing price. 
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5% stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer, which is expecting a minimum amount of Rs 1,500 crore after taking into account retail discount. 
The government currently holds 80% stake in the company, which will fall to 75% after this offer.
The Centre plans to raise Rs 36,925 crore by selling its stake in 10 public sector undertakings, including behemoths Oil and Natural Gas Corpatiion (ONGC), Coal India and NHPC, and smaller firms like Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) and Container Corporation of India (Concor).
Additionally, it plans to raise about Rs 6,500 crore from part-sale of the stake it holds through Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (Suuti) in Axis Bank, Larsen & Toubro, and ITC; and Rs 15,000 crore from sale of its residual stake in Hindustan Zinc and Bharat Aluminium Company (Balco).
Apart from SAIL, finance ministry officials are confident that Coal India, ONGC, and NHPC will hit the market by the end of January. At current prices, the combined proceeds from these four public sector behemoths will be around Rs 42,911 crore.
So far, however, there is less clarity on stake sales in the smaller companies, some of which might be shelved. The combined proceeds from sale of five% each in Concor, PFC, REC and MOIL could be about Rs 5,210 crore at current rates, while the government expects about Rs 5,500 crore from sale of 10% each in Hindustan Aeronautics and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has set a tight fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product, so every rupee counts.
The tax authorities have to raise Rs 6.54 lakh crore in the second half of 2014-15 — 28% more than what they did in the period from October 2013 to March 2014 — to meet the full-year target of Rs 9.77 lakh-crore. So, it is imperative that the targets from disinvestment, spectrum sales, and special dividends are met.

New airlines to take wing in 2015New airlines to take wing in 2015
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai: Dec 05, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Aviation professionals and investors are taking fresh bets by launching new airlines on regional and national routes while existing domestic carriers continue to bleed and remain mired in debt.
The first to take off will be Air Pegasus, promoted by Bengaluru-based ground-handling firm Deccor Aviation. Air Pegasus Managing Director Shyson Thomas said the airline would commence services later this month on regional routes in south India. Industry sources, however, expect the airline will start flying next month because the company is yet to receive a permit from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.
Air Pegasus received a no-objection certificate from the civil aviation ministry in 2012 but its plans were held up over difficulties in getting aircraft on lease following the shutdown of Kingfisher Airlines. The airline has now taken on lease a 70-seater ATR-72 and has tied up for two similar aircraft. Air Pegasus will connect Bengaluru with Thiruvananthapuram, Hubli, Chennai, Tuticorin and other cities in the initial stage. Other start-ups too are preparing for launch. Air One, which runs an air charter service, plans to finalise its aircraft leases by next month, while Flyeasy, a regional airline with a base in Bangalore, has begun hiring pilots and engineers for its proposed fleet of Embraer jets. Premier Airways headed by NRI engineer Umapathy Pinaghapani is slated to launch services next summer, according to a media report.
Air One and Premier Airways are among six companies that received no-objection certificates from the civil aviation ministry earlier this year. Flyeasy, promoted by ABC Aviation & Training, received its clearance prior to 2014.
In all, 16 companies have been issued no-objection certificates to start scheduled airlines since 2009. Only two, Air Costa and AirAsia, have started operations. Vistara too is awaiting a DGCA clearance and is expected to launch services next month.
“We do not have to start from scratch and so securing the permit should not be an issue for us. We have the experience of running non-scheduled operations,” said Air One promoter Alok Sharma. He added the airline would launch within eight months.
Sharma headed Air Sahara before it was sold to Jet Airways and has brought several of his former colleagues into the charter company. He denied Air One was backed by the Sahara group and insisted it was an independent firm.
Sharma said Air One would operate as a dual-class full service airline with narrow body Boeing 737s or Airbus A320s and its base would be Delhi. He added aircraft leases would be finalised next month and the airline hoped to induct 20 planes in three years.
Industry sources, however, pointed out lessors did not have surplus aircraft and still viewed India as a risky market following the collapse of Kingfisher Airlines. “With crude oil declining, I see a greater appetite to lease planes in Europe rather in India,” a source said.
Sharma said getting planes on lease would not be a problem but the issue was a contiguous delivery schedule. “We are sorting that out,” he added.
“We are starting with our eyes wide open,'' Sharma said when asked about competition and IndiGo’s rapid expansion. “It took IndiGo five years to become the number one airline,” he added.
Thomas also allayed fears over competition and said his company was well funded with an investment of about Rs 100 crore and it had tied up with banks for working capital. He said Air Pegasus would start with two ATRs and he planned to induct a third within a month.
"Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajpathy Raju wants to promote regional connectivity and flights to tier II and III cities and we aim to do that. We will have morning flight between Bangalore-Thiruvanthapuram and will also be the only airline now flying Bangalore-Hubli. We plan to utilise aircraft for 9-10 hours daily and will have a turnaround time of 20 minutes. All our flights may not be equally rewarding but we operate a smaller plane with 70 seats. So even if we have 40 seats full we will have close to 60 percent occupancy. Our operating costs too will be low,'' he adds.

Smith Bros. hope TV ads can keep revival goingSmith Bros. hope TV ads can keep revival going
National television ad
An image from a national television campaign of Smith Bros. cough drops.
An image from a national television campaign of Smith Bros. cough drops. (Smith Bros.)
Smith Brothers launches first TV campaign in decades for revived cough drop brand
Remember Smith Bros. cough drops? A new TV campaign wants to jog your memory.
TV campaign aims to ensure Smith Bros. aren't forgotten.
Television viewers will see something next month that hasn't been on the air since "I Love Lucy" was in its first run — a new commercial for Smith Bros. cough drops.
Revived last year, the venerable Chicago-based brand is launching a $3 million advertising campaign as it rolls out a new line of cough drops and wellness products to 40,000 retailers across the U.S. and Canada.
Whether that puts Smith Bros. cough drops, an iconic but long-dormant brand, on the tips of consumers' tongues, remains to be seen.
"Smith Bros. was the first cough drop in America and a market leader as recently as 40 or 50 years ago," said Steve Silk, 61, CEO of Smith Bros. "But America hasn't seen an ad from this brand in decades."
Smith Bros
Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune
Two look-alikes of the Smith brothers pass out cough drops at the Walgreens at Milwaukee and North avenues. Chicago-based Smith Bros., which revived its iconic cough drop brand last year, is rolling out a national campaign.
Two look-alikes of the Smith brothers pass out cough drops at the Walgreens at Milwaukee and North avenues. Chicago-based Smith Bros., which revived its iconic cough drop brand last year, is rolling out a national campaign. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune)
The Smith brothers, bearded siblings who arguably invented the cough drop in a Poughkeepsie, N.Y., restaurant 167 years ago, are definitely on the comeback trail. Bought out of bankruptcy by a private equity firm four years ago, the company is producing everything from Warm Apple Pie throat drops to cold relief and immune support packets at a retooled South Side factory.
Smith Bros. sales are projected to reach $3 million this year, and should get a major boost as the retail footprint, product line and visibility ramp up into 2015, Silk said.
"I would expect that next year our sales for the brand would be $10 million to $15 million, which is a whole lot better than where it was a year ago," Silk said.
Relegated to dollar stores as the brand faded into near-oblivion, Smith Bros. found shelf space at Walgreens for its relaunch, and has partnered with the Deerfield-based pharmacy chain for promotions featuring bearded NHL hockey players, with recent events in Chicago, Boston and New York.
8
Beginning next month, the entire Smith Bros. product line, including new wellness products, will be carried at Target stores chainwide, giving the brand critical mass in the competitive world of cough and cold fighting.
While Smith Bros. has come a long way, its sales are still a drop in the bucket for the U.S. cough drop market, which topped $682 million through the 52 weeks ended Nov. 2, according to IRI, a Chicago-based market research firm. Halls, which is owned by Deerfield-based Mondelez, leads the pack with more than $354 million in sales during the period. Ricola, a Swiss company, is No. 2 in the U.S. with nearly $125 million in sales.
But Smith Bros. is making a serious run at the category leaders with its new television campaign by spending about $3 million over the next three months. Last year, Halls spent $6.5 million and Ricola $3.8 million on television advertising, according to Kantar Media.
The campaign, created by former Grey Advertising executives Steve Hardwick and Robert Skollar, seeks to contemporize the Smith brothers' history, embodied in the bearded visages that have adorned the company's products for more than a century. Brothers William and Andrew Smith, who cooked up the cough drop recipe, developed packaging in 1872 with a logo bearing their profiles. Trademarked five years later, the word "Trade" appeared under William's head, and "Mark" beneath Andrew's, renaming the brothers for posterity.
Initially, Silk planned to resurrect the brothers in a modern-day advertising campaign, but decided instead to introduce a new spokesman — Zack Smith, a fictional fourth-generation Smith brother with a prodigious beard and a passion for evolving the family business.
"We felt that bringing a descendant of the Smith brothers back was a better way to connect to consumers and reveal the brand personality today," Silk said.
0
In the TV commercials, the younger Smith, looking much like a Wicker Park hipster, pays homage to his predecessors, their spirit of innovation and their "great beards," while appealing to a new generation of consumers, who may or may not have heard of the original Smith Bros. The spots play up natural ingredients and health benefits, seeking to distance the brand from modern competitors and the candylike image of yore.
"This is not about tangerine-flavored cough drops," Silk said. "This is about better health and wellness in a more natural way."
While its history gives Smith Bros. a place to start, moving beyond nostalgia is crucial to rebuilding the brand's appeal, according to Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management.
"It's not enough to just say we've brought this brand back to life," Calkins said. "You've got to give people a reason to care that the brand is still available. So they've really got to make sure they communicate a benefit about the product that is different and unique."
The ads will run on cable networks including TNT, TBS, CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, A&E, Food Network and Lifetime. The target audience for cough drops is ages 45 and older, Silk said, but he hopes the campaign will have broader demographic appeal.
Silk said the category leaders are ripe to see their market shares dissolve, at least a little, as the upstart original cough drop brand reinvents itself with new flavors and health benefits, from wild berry electrolyte drops with caffeine to strawberry zinc boost.
"A lot of these market leaders are really not innovating nor spending in a way to really build the category, and I think we can do that," Silk said.
A Harvard MBA who moved to Chicago in 1999 to become president of processed meats at ConAgra, Silk has been down this road before. As president of Hebrew National hot dogs from 1996 to 1999, he turned a moribund brand into the fastest-growing hot dog by bringing back the "We Answer to a Higher Authority" campaign, working with Skollar on the creative.
"We started that Hebrew National revival with a million dollars of advertising," Silk said. "Six years later, we were the second-largest spender in the hot dog category and had won a Clio and were a national network advertiser. I would expect the same here."
Smith Bros. remained a family-owned business until 1964, when it was sold to Warner-Lambert. It was acquired by Chicago-based F&F Foods in 1977, a privately held company that manufactured branded and private label candies, mints and cough drops. By 2009, annual sales of Smith Bros. cough drops had dwindled to less than $1 million, and parent company F&F was placed into assignment for the benefit of creditors, an insolvency proceeding under state law.
In 2010, the assets of F&F were acquired by the current owner, an affiliate of New York-based private equity firm York Capital Management, for about $10 million. The firm invested another $11 million to upgrade the Chicago facility.
Some 250 employees work at the factory and headquarters in Chicago's Brighton Park neighborhood.
Sales, including private label brands, are projected to reach $50 million in 2015, up from $40 million this year, with higher-margin Smith Bros. products accounting for about a fourth of revenue, Silk said.
As the company grows, and grows more profitable, it is increasingly likely that it will be acquired by a larger competitor, Silk said, calling it a "natural evolution" for many private equity investments, including Smith Bros.
"Someday, as we fill in the distribution and we really continue to ramp up the innovation, there's going to be a big pharma-type company that figures out it can take the brand to a different plateau," said Silk, who has an equity interest in Smith Bros. "There's some moment when the brand should be handed off to a larger strategic player in this space."
When that day comes, no doubt even the stone-faced Smith brothers may crack a smile.

CBI defends court summon of Sunil Bharti Mittal  Ravi RuiaSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Describing them as the “mind and nerve-centre” of the accused companies, the CBI on Wednesday justified a decision of the 2G trial court to summon Bharti Cellular CMD Sunil Bharti Mittal and Essar Group promoter Ravi Ruia in a case over allocation of additional spectrum in 2002.
“The fact that they were the controlling minds of the company are the matter of evidence. They have been summoned and they have an opportunity to seek discharge before the trial court. A person or a group of persons, who have been the guiding force behind a company, are responsible for the alleged criminal act of the company,” CBI counsel K K Venugopal told a bench led by Chief Justice H L Dattu.
He said that “guilty minds of directors or managers constitute the criminal offence of a company too” and that the CBI had evidence of Mittal’s meetings to get additional spectrum for Bharti Cellular Ltd. Venugopal said that such evidence was not available in Ruia’s case but the agency could investigate further.
The bench is hearing by Mittal and Ruia against an order of the 2G trial judge to summon them although the chargesheet did not name them. They have sought quashing of the summoning orders. The court will resume hearing on Thursday.
TAGS: 2G Scam Ravi Ruia Sunil Bharti Mittal
More from companies

Hindustan Zinc valuation process begins  stake sale likely by March endHindustan Zinc valuation process begins, stake sale likely by March end
Dheeraj Tiwari & Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(There is no legal hurdle,”…)
NEW DELHI: The finance ministry is stepping up efforts to sell the residual stake the government holds in Hindustan Zinc, majority owned by the Vedanta Group, as it looks to rein in the fiscal deficit to the targeted 4.1% of GDP in the year ending March. "It is on the agenda...
There is no legal hurdle," a finance ministry official told ET. The company was among those in which the government sold stakes in its 2002 disinvestment round.
The finance ministry has already initiated the process for valuation of the remaining stake and the sale could be completed within the financial year with all legal hitches cleared. Buoyant market conditions make this the right time for the government to divest the stake, experts said. "The valuations that the government will get at this time will be far better and this will also help it to meet the revenue shortfall it is staring at," said Sunil Sinha, principal economist, India Ratings, adding that the government's only concern should be that the valuation be done in a transparent manner.
In the July budget, the government looked to get Rs 15,000 crore from residual stake sales over and above Rs 43,000 crore estimated from disinvestment in the current fiscal year. The sale of the residual 11.7% stake held by the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India in Axis Bank could help the government raise more than Rs 13,000 crore. The 29.5% holding in Hindustan Zinc could yield more than Rs 20,000 crore going by the stock's Wednesday close of Rs 162.70 on the National Stock Exchange.
The government is expected to opt for an auction to get the best possible price, given that the company has cash reserves of aboutRs 25,000 crore.
The Anil Agarwal-promoted Vedanta group has evinced interest in buying out the stake and is also open to participating in the auction as well. Then known as the Sterlite group, it bought a 26% holding in the company in the 2002 asset sales, besides picking up stakes in Balco the previous year.
Its Sterlite Opportunities arm exercised an option to acquire another 18.92% stake in Hindustan Zinc in 2003 and a subsequent open offer has taken the group's stake to 64.92%. About 5.58% is held by the public.Finance minister Arun Jaitley has made it clear that fiscal consolidation remains a top priority for the government and his team of officials has begun to look for additional resources that could make up for any likely shortfall in indirect tax revenue.
The government said last week that India's fiscal deficit had hit 89.6% of the full-year by the end of October.
In his July budget, Jaitley stuck to the ambitious revenue estimates presented in the interim budget by predecessor P Chidambaram.
However, meeting the target of 20%-plus growth in indirect tax revenue may be an uphill task with an economic recovery still uncertain.
The finance ministry has already initiated belt-tightening measures to ensure there is no fiscal slippage.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Action Jackson  hottie Manasvi Mamgai!Photo uploaded by Hitesh Sharma
on Nov 14, 2014 , 03:13 pm
4342 Views  |  2  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
A former beauty queen, Manasvi Mamgai shot to fame when she was crowned Femina Miss India April 2010.
A former beauty queen, Manasvi Mamgai shot to fame when she was crowned Femina Miss India April 2010.

South siren Daisy Bopanna s HOT photosPhoto uploaded by Richa Sen
on Dec 03, 2014 , 02:05 pm
1847 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Hailing from Kodagu (also known by its Anglicised former name of Coorg), Daisy Bopanna is  a well known name in Southern cinema. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Hailing from Kodagu (also known by its Anglicised former name of Coorg), Daisy Bopanna is  a well known name in Southern cinema. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Marsh added to Australia s Test squadBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:28 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 2:37 pm
Australia fast bowler Ryan Harris has declared himself a certain starter for the first Test against India but cannot say the same for all of his team mates a day after Phillip Hughes’ funeral.
Harris wrote in a column for Fairfax Media that Wednesday’s funeral in batsman Hughes’ hometown of Macksville, New South Wales, had reminded him that, despite the solemn occasion, people wanted the team to play.
“Seeing the green and gold streamers was a reminder these people want to see some cricket played, want to see us get out there and beat the Indians,” he said in comments published on Thursday, referring to Australia’s national sporting colours.
“One thing I noticed late on Wednesday was how the mood in the group had begun to shift. There were a few conversations about getting back to playing. The funeral was a bit of a milestone. As well as to pay your respects it gives you a bit of closure.
“I know some guys have really struggled — some haven’t even picked up a bat or ball yet since it happened. They’re just not going to know, until they pick a bat or ball up, whether or not they’re going to be capable of playing.”
Harris spent most the year recovering from knee surgery and missed the 2-0 Test series defeat against Pakistan in United Arab Emirates, but said he felt fit and ready for India.
“My knee that got operated on after the South Africa series is going really well — so well it’s almost scary,” he said.
Most of Australia’s players arrived in Adelaide on Thursday on the same day they were originally to start playing the first Test in Brisbane.
The Brisbane match was postponed until after Adelaide, which was brought forward to start on Tuesday.
MARSH BROTHERS
Batsman Shaun Marsh has been called up, joining his brother Mitch in the squad, in a possible indication that captain Michael Clarke is still an injury doubt.
Clarke, who has been suffering from a hamstring problem, took a leading role in comforting the Hughes family after the death last week of his friend and former team mate from injuries suffered in a domestic match.
Shaun Marsh, 31, has played nine Tests for his country since his debut in 2011 and was dropped after failing to score a single run while batting at number four in the second Test against South Africa in February.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann said in a newspaper column that he accepted that next week might still be too soon for some of his players to return to action.
“We hope the boys can find the inner strength to play the game in the way Phillip would have wanted in Adelaide next week and that they can honour what he had done,” he wrote in The Australian.
After their preparations were disrupted in the wake of Hughes’s death, India continued…

Sahara s big task could be Rs 36K cr liability of co-operativeIt’s understood that the credit society owns a 42% shareholding in the corporate entity that holds Sahara’s prized Amby Valley property.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Next to the CCTV surveillance cabin in Tihar Jail and opposite the superintendent's office, is a well-lit, windowless visitors' room where, sitting on a sofa, a slimmer and "visibly older" Sahara chief Subrata Roy meets his lawyers and directors over dhokla and butter-milk. It's a part of Roy's morning chores, said one of the regular visitors. But even as they discuss legal strategies, ways to cobble together funds to secure Roy's release, and life after Tihar, the men in the room are aware of another story that's brewing. It's about Sahara Credit Co-operative Society, a multi-state society where millions of savers have parked money; an entity that has no legal association with the Sahara Group, but could nonetheless engulf it in a different way. How?
It's learnt that the society's total liability has touched Rs 36,000 crore — almost twice the amount raised by two Sahara property firms whose run-in with capital market regulator Sebi had sparked a bitter court feud and eventually landed Roy in Tihar.
Two sources told ET that a predominant part of this money has been invested in Sahara Group companies and projects.
It's understood that the credit society owns a 42% shareholding in the corporate entity that holds Sahara's prized Amby Valley property.
The society has 2.6 crore nominal members and 92 lakh regular members with voting rights.
While a Sahara spokesman did not respond to ET's email query, a senior official of the society said the society holds many high-quality assets, including 2,000 acres of land which, according to a leading realty broker, is valued at Rs 6,400 crore. Besides, all investments are strictly as per provisions of Section 64 of the Multi-State Co-operative Societies Act, 2002, he said when asked whether there was a violation in any of the norms and bye-laws while deploying the funds of the society. "The society undergoes departmental inspection and we expect the liability to come down to Rs 26,000 crore after a year. At present we are going slow on fund raising... it's a conscious decision. We have no problem if there are new regulations," he added.
Despite the funds being stuck in illiquid, even if valuable, assets, the official said the society does not envisage any problem in repaying depositors on time-.
The activities of Sahara Credit, originally initiated by Sahara employees, multiplied in the years after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) forced Sahara to shut down its residuary non-banking finance company in 2008. The army of Sahara agents, mobilising savings through its daily deposit schemes - programmes that accept deposits of even one rupee a day - moved seamlessly into garnering funds for the co-operative society.Unlike the more familiar credit co-operatives for employees of an organisation or a group, general multi-state societies can open shop across the country to attract savings and are regulated by the central registrar of co-operative societies under the ministry of agriculture.
Their reach can be as extensive as large banks. As per the law, such a society is allowed to invest in other co-operative banks, certain approved securities, shares of other co-operative societies, bank deposits and "such other mode as may be provided in bye-laws."
Speaking on condition of anonymity, an official with the agriculture ministry told ET that there is a thinking within the government to amend the law and plug loopholes, if any, in the regulations.
"Some time ago we had asked the registrars of co-operatives in different states to take a close at the some of the large cooperative credit societies... But we have to be careful. It will be good if societies can be amalgamated with banks.
There are 300 multi-state societies and thousands of state-level societies... Taking any hasty decision will spark a run and lakhs of small savers would be severely impacted," he said. Sahara knows this better than anyone else. Its immediate priority is to meet the conditions of the apex court and keep Sebi at bay. According to the group, a large part of the Rs 25,000 crore that the Supreme Court had directed it to refund has already been repaid to investors. The Rs 10,000 crore (including bank guarantee) that needs to be paid for Roy's bail has to be deposited in a designated account and is being raised through selling some of the land parcels Sahara holds.
"Of the 24,000 acres of land bank, we have sold 750 acres so far. Instead of selling precious assets like the Grosvenor House in London or some of the other valued hotel properties, we can leverage these to raise additional loans from overseas. There will be enough funds left after repaying existing lenders like Bank of China ," said a Sahara official. Sahara intends to use the Mauritius subsidiary which holds the offshore assets to raise foreign currency loans. Managing the credit society's large deposit liability, albeit from a distance, will possibly be Sahara's next challenge.
While Sahara officials remain apparently unruffled by the task ahead, there will be a question mark on whether it can generate adequate cash flow from the properties or sell them at an agreeable price. For a group that has cut employees' salaries and is battling a cash crunch, no one knows how this story will play out in the days to come. Sahara Credit Co-operative Society Managing Director Shantanu Mukherjee did not respond to calls and text messages while Sahara officials said Subrata Roy was unable to make a statement.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sahara likely to sell Rs 1 200 crore land to realty companySahara Group likely to sell Rs 1,200 crore land to realty company M3M India Ltd
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 12.25AM IST
Tags:
Ahmedabad
(M3M, which is scheduled…)
NEW DELHI: Sahara group is believed to be selling a large land parcel for over Rs 1,200 crore in the outskirts of the national capital to Gurgaon-based realty firm M3M India Ltd .
M3M, which is scheduled tomorrow to "announce one of the biggest acquisition in the real estate industry in recent history", was tight-lipped about the deal.
Sources, however, said that it may be acquiring Sahara's land at Chauma in Gurgaon and the deal size could be over Rs 1,200 crore.
There was no official confirmation of the deal from either of the parties.
The Supreme Court yesterday permitted the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrato Roy .
The court allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai and following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI's counsel.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crores which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non- refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which earlier had raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI , has told the court that out of nine domestic assets it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crores which has also gone into account of the market regulator.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Lupin with target of Rs 1 600: KotakRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
Our checks suggest that at least one generic filer for Suprax suspension is likely to be delayed to H2FY17, belying our conservative Suprax assumptions for FY16/17 and giving Lupin enough time to launch brands in the US through in-licensing or internal development (one pediatric cough and cold product in Phase III). We raise our estimates by 3.5% and 8.5% for FY16 and FY17 and reiterate ‘buy’ with a revised target price of R1,600.
The US FDA’s approval cycle has seen little improvement with the number of ANDA approvals for CY14 likely to be lower than in CY13 and the past three-year average. Given the sharp rise in the ANDA backlog, which exceeded 3,700 in July 2014, the timing of Suprax generic competition is unclear. We believe the cephalosporins market is unlikely to see new competitors and among existing competitors, we believe there are two filers for Suprax powder for suspension formulations though there is only one generic filer for the tablets formulation. Our earlier assumptions factored in sharp erosion for Suprax, and our channel checks suggest that at least one generic filer is likely to see delays beyond H2FY17.
We now estimate aggressive generic erosion for Suprax in FY18, which gives Lupin headroom of another two years. By this time we expect it to receive approval for its pediatric cough and cold product, which is likely to enter Phase-III in coming months.
Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: Lupin
More from markets
Falling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets Apprehensions of a possible repeat of the 1998 Russian financial crisis following a 20% fall in the rouble.

Aaron s 4/41 rattles CA XI; India lose Dhawan  Pujara earlyBy: Associated Press | Adelaide |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:20 pm
Varun Aaron took four wickets as India held a Cricket Australia Invitational XI to 243 runs on Thursday’s opening day of a two-day match in preparation for the first Test against Australia.
In reply at stumps Thursday, India were 99-2, with opener Murali Vijay 39 not out and Virat Kohli with an unbeaten 30.
The 25-year-old Aaron has played only three Tests due to a number of injuries, but Thursday’s performance could see him start when the first Test begins at the Adelaide Oval on Tuesday.
The right-arm paceman was the leading wicket-taker when the two sides met in a two-day match at the same Glenelg Oval in suburban Adelaide last week.
Aaron dismissed opener and captain Ashton Turner for a duck in the second over when Turner dragged the ball onto his stumps. Tasmania opener Jordan Silk and Alex Keath put on a stand of 71 runs after the hosts collapsed to 3-34.
Aaron returned to break the partnership, with Silk out edging for 58. Aaron finished with figures of 4-41 from 14.3 overs.
Mohammed Shami struck twice with the new ball, removing Ryan Carters and Matthew Short in his six-over spell.
India’s tour game at the Adelaide Oval last week was canceled after Phillip Hughes’ death while playing for South Australia. Cricket Australia wanted to give the visitors a replacement match before the rescheduled four-Test series starts in Adelaide – the first Test had initially been due to begin on Thursday at Brisbane’s Gabba.
There was no toss at the start of Thursday’s match, with the India side granted its wish of bowling first under overcast skies.
That gave Kohli, Vijay and Rohit Sharma time to return from New South Wales state where they attended Hughes’ funeral and still have an opportunity to bat.
The two sides lined up for a minute’s silence before play, while both sides wore black armbands to honor Hughes. The scoreboard carried the tribute “RIP P HUGHES 408”, referring to the fact that Hughes was the 408th Test player for Australia.

CIL given target of 1 bn tonnes coal output by 2020CIL given target of 1 billion tonnes coal output by 2020, says Power Minister Piyush Goyal
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:26 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-miner Coal India (CIL) has been given a gross output target of one billion tonnes of coal by 2019-20, which is around double the current production, Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal said Thursday.
"To produce 1,000 million tonnes of coal, the expected growth is to come from identified future projects," Goyal told the Lok Sabha in a written reply.
"The envisaged growth is possible in brown-field as well as green-field areas and is expected to be achieved through timely completion of new railway infrastructure projects, faster environment clearances and improvement in the law and order situation, apart from technology improvement in mining and related infrastructure," he added.
At an event in New Delhi on Wednesday, Goyal had said the coal target was not a fanciful one and a detailed plan had been prepared to realise it.
CIL, which has near-monopoly, produces around 490 million tonnes of coal out of the total domestic annual production of 565 million tonnes. The company missed its output target of 482 million tonnes for 2013-14, producing 462 million tonnes during the period.
Its target for the current financial year has been set at 507 million tonnes.
In reply to another question, Goyal said a range of options are available for private players for investment in the power sector for generation of electricity that include the Design-Build-Finance-Operate-Transfer (DBFOT) and Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) models.
He said the Centre has notified guidelines and model bidding documents in 2013-14 for procurement of electricity by amending earlier guidelines notified in 2005 due to inadequate treatment of fuel risks and termination provisions.
"For the DBFOT mode of power procurement, the project assets are required to be handed over to the utilities after successful completion of the concession period," the minister said.
"An option has also been given to the developer to take project assets on lease basis up to 99 years on successful completion of contract," he added.
For other modes of procurement, the project assets continue to be owned by the developers after completion of contract period.

World Cup probables: Indian selectors opt for youth over experienceBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 4, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 9:44 pm
India’s out-of-favour senior cricketers like Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh and Gautam Gambhir were omitted from the 30-member probables list for next year’s World Cup with the selectors reposing faith on the young guns to retain the title in Australia and New Zealand.
Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh and pacer Zaheer Khan, who were a part of the 2011 World Cup winning team along with Sehwag, Yuvraj and Gambhir, were also left out of the list, putting a question mark on their future given that none of the five have featured in an ODI for the last one year.
Apart from the famed five, pacers Ashish Nehra and Munaf Patel, spinner Piyush Chawla and all-rounder Yusuf Pathan were also among the players axed from the list announced by BCCI Secretary Sanjay Patel after a meeting of the selection committee.
Jammu and Kashmir all-rounder Parveez Rasool, Uttar Pradesh spinner Kuldeep Yadav, batting duo of Manish Pandey and Kedar Jadhav along with spinner Axar Patel benefitted from the overhaul, riding on their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.
With the selectors opting to ignore the out-of-favour seniors, there were no major surprises on offer in the list of probables.
The selectors included all-rounder Stuart Binny and in-form batsman Manoj Tiwary and young wicketkeeper batsman Sanju Samson in the list which would be further pruned to 15 in early January ahead of the World Cup starting February 14.
Eleven players from the 2011 World Cup-winning squad will not be seen in action when the team goes Down Under to defend the trophy. While most of them have been ignored for poor form, Sachin Tendulkar has retired and pacer S Sreesanth has been banned for spot-fixing.
Of all the players ignored, Yuvraj’s journey has been the most dramatic. The left-handed batsman was named Player of the Tournament for his fantastic run in the 2011 World Cup but his career took a hit after he had to undergo treatment for rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs.
His attempts at a comeback were not too successful and he was eventually pushed to the sidelines.
Of the selected players, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja picked themselves after delivering consistently.
Among the bowlers, pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda got the selectors’ nod by virtue of their fine performances in both the international and domestic circuit.
Apart from Dhoni, the list has two wicketkeepers in Wriddhiman Saha and young Sanju Samson, who has also impressed with his batting in the domestic arena.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who is regarded a Test specialist, Pragyan Ojha, Dinesh Karthik and Naman Ojha were among the other notable omissions.
Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu and Robin Uthappa, who have been in and out of the national squad in recent times have also found a place in the probables list.
The list of 30 probables: MS Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, continued…

Australia would want to win the series for HughesBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:05 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 3:52 pm
Warning that Australia will play a “hard game” to win the Test series for their departed teammate Phil Hughes, Pakistan pace legend Wasim Akram has said India will certainly find it tough against the hosts who will go all out to come up trumps.
“The Australians will certainly play a hard game. And India should be ready for it. They would want to win the series for Phil Hughes and will go all out in their efforts to come up trumps. They have got a good team and India will certainly find it tough against them,” Akram told PTI ahead the much-awaited Test series.
India are set to face Australia in Adelaide on December 9 after the four-match series was re-scheduled post Hughes’ tragic demise.
The left-handed batsman was hit on the head by New South Wales pacer Sean Abbott in a domestic game in Sydney on November 25 and succumbed to his injuries two days after in a city hospital.
Describing Hughes’ fatal injury as a “freak incident”, Akram said as a pacer, he feels for Abbott, the bowler.
“You feel for the young guy (Abbott). But I would just tell him to ease up. It could have happened with anybody. It’s not his fault at all. He is being counselled and I guess he will bounce back,” the former Pakistan captain said.
Asked if the Indians and Australians might go easy on bowling bouncers after the on-field tragic incident that claimed Hughes’ life, Akram said, “I don’t think the Australian or the Indian bowlers will stop bowling bouncers and stuff like that.
“But yes it will be emotionally very demanding for the Australians to get back on the field but once a few days pass by and they start bowling or batting things will become normal. As I said it’s a freak incident.”
Talking about the phyche of a fast bowler when he bowls a bouncer, Akram said, “The intent of the bowler is to intimidate the batsman. Primarily it’s not about picking a wicket, if it comes your way then its fine. But just to create that fear in the batsman’s mind, not really to hurt him but to keep him on the backfoot.”
Asked if the Indian and Pakistani players were more vulnerable to the short ball due to the equipment available in the domestic circuit of the two countries, he said, “I don’t know about India but equipment standards have certainly improved all over the world.”
“There are certain prescribed guidelines that are to be followed by the equipment makers and suppliers. In domestic cricket I don’t know whether they follow these guidelines or not. But by and large the cricketing gear used now is of highest quality,” he said.

Airport spotting: Aamir Khan  Ranbir Kapoor  Sridevientertainment
Airport spotting: Aamir Khan, Ranbir Kapoor, Sridevi
'PK' actor Aamir Khan looked mighty happy to see the paparazzi at the airport. Aamir Khan was returning from New Delhi.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ranbir Kapoor was spotted at the airport, with a clean-shaven look, as he made his return to Mumbai from Shimla, where he was shooting for ‘Tamasha’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actress Sridevi was chic in a maroon blouse, light coloured pants and pumps. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Ayushmann Khurrana was cool in a tee shirt, leather jacket and ripped denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Christmas is already here! Controversial babe Rakhi Sawant was also spotted in a red sweater and skinny jeans. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Meanwhile, Shahid Kapoor’s younger brother, Ishaan was seen catching a movie. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ishaan was dressed in a vest with a hoodie, denims and sneakers. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

 SAIL Share Sale Floor Price Fixed at Rs 83SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: The government has set the floor price for the sale of a 5 per cent stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) at Rs 83 per share, through which it hopes to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, an official said on Thursday.
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, adding the government expected to raise Rs 1,500-Rs 1,700 crore from the sale. The official declined to be named as the information is not yet public.
The SAIL offering on Friday will kick off the Narendra Modi-led government's ambitious disinvestment programme, under which it aims to plug the budget deficit by raising about $9.5 billion through stake sales by March 2015.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

ECB slashes inflation  growth forecasts for euro zoneJohn O'Donnell and Paul Carrel     Frankfurt   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 21:13 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The European Central Bank on Thursday slashed its forecasts for growth and inflation over the next two years, saying the outlook had deteriorated since its last staff forecasts were published in September.
The ECB forecast 2014 inflation at 0.5 per cent, rising slightly to 0.7 per cent in 2015 and 1.3 per cent in 2016.
The central bank's staff cut their prediction for economic output in the euro zone to 0.8 per cent in 2014, 1.0 per cent in 2015 and 1.5 per cent in 2016.
In September, ECB staff had predicted that inflation would stand at around 0.6 per cent in 2014, then rise to 1.1 per cent and 1.4 per cent in 2015 and 2016 respectively.
The euro zone central bank had also forecast in September that gross domestic product (GDP) would grow by 0.9 per cent in 2014 and by 1.6 per cent and 1.9 per cent in 2015 and 2016 respectively.
By lowering its forecasts, which show how the ECB expects the economy to develop, the euro zone central bank will heighten expectations that it will take further steps to bolster the bloc's flagging economy.
ECB President Mario Draghi recently threw the door open for drastic measures to prevent growth and inflation from sliding further and expectations are rising that a move could come as soon as the first three months of 2014.
(Reuters)

James Bond to return in Spectre  armed with nostalgiaJames Bond to return in Spectre, armed with nostalgia
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, December 04, 2014
First Published: 19:43 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:09 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Keeping to the slick style that marks James Bond movies, award winning director Sam Mendes announced the title of the 24th Bond movie at a launch event at the Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire live to a global audience on Thursday: Spectre.
Daniel Craig will play 007 for the fourth time in the film scheduled for release on 23 October 2015. The title stands for ‘Special Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion’.
The cast include Andrew Scott, as an MI5 employee called Denbigh and Dave Bautista, playing a henchman called Mr Hinx. Italian actress Monica Bellucci and France’s Lea Seydoux have been unveiled as the new ‘Bond girls’, named Lucia Sciarra and Madeleine Swann respectively.
The car that Bond will drive in the film was also unveiled at the event attended by Craig, 46, and other cast members: an Aston Martin DB10. The film will be shot in London, Mexico City, Rome and locations in Morocco.
According to the film studio, the plot will see “a cryptic message from Bond’s past send him on a trail to uncover a sinister organisation. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind Spectre.”
Mendes said, “All of them are amazing places. I’m very excited to be going to these locations over seven months, which is how long we’ll be shooting.”
Bond producers Michael G Wilson and Barbara Broccoli said they were “excited to announce Daniel’s fourth instalment in the series”, and added that they were “thrilled that Sam has taken on the challenge of following on the success of Skyfall with Spectre”.
The last Bond movie, ‘Skyfall’, was the highest grossing film of all time in the UK, making 705 million pounds at the worldwide box office.

My first love would be to play as an opener: Robin UthappaBy: Press Trust of India | Bengaluru |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:56 pm
Hoping to make the final cut after being named in the 30-man probables list for the 2015 World Cup, Karnataka batsman Robin Uthappa on Thursday said that he would love to open the innings for India but would not mind being included as a wicketkeeper-batsman.
“My first love would be to play as an opener, but will not mind playing as a finisher donning the wicketkeeper’s gloves. If picked up as a wicketkeeper-batsman, I can open up two-three slots, for others to get selected. However, everything depends on selectors,” Uthappa told PTI.
Uthappa said he is hopeful of making it into the 15-probable list as he has been getting heaps of runs in the domestic circle.
“Absolutely I have hopes to get in. I have done well in last two seasons. I am the highest run-getter in the Ranji Trophy as well as the IPL. Extremely confident of my ability as far as ODI is concerned. So, definitely looking forward to an opportunity,” he said.
Uthappa is keen to hone his skills in Ranji matches as defending Champions Karnataka kickstart their campaign against Tamil Nadu starting December 7 at Chinnaswamy stadium.”I would utilise the opportunity of playing in Ranji
“I would utilise the opportunity of playing in Ranji matches to hone my skills further and increase my confidence level,” he said.
Asked about Pravin Amre’s influence on him as a changed batsman, Uthappa said he understands the technique better after he made some technical adjustments under the tutelage of the Mumbaikar coach.
“I understand the technique better after Amre sir helped me change my technique a bit. Now, I play a lot more straighter, and have made some adjustments in body movements while batting,” he said.
“I wouldn’t like to speak much about Amre sir. No matter how much I speak, words will not match his abilities. I have said a lot about him in the past,” Uthappa added.
Earlier, interacting with the media at the unveiling of the ICC World Cup trophy, Uthappa said the tag of defending champions will bring responsibility on the Indian team.
“There will be pressure, and pressure is there always in any match, but the tag of defending champions will bring added responsibility on to our team, which is good. We do good when the chips are down,” he said after the beautiful trophy reached here as part of the six-city tour courtesy MoneyGram, a leading money transfer and payment services company.
Asked which other teams have the chance to lift the World Cup, Uthappa said that India are well equipped to defend the title, but Australia and South Africa are also among the favourites.
“Australia have a chance because they will be playing in their home conditions and South Africa are also a good team.
However, the clear picture about the favorites will emerge continued…

Four IIT-Kanpur students turn down salary offer of 1 crore per annumComments
Four students of IIT Kanpur have turned down job offers which would have paid them more than Rs. 1 crore yearly. Two of them have given priority to professional fulfilment while the other two want to pursue higher studies.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs. 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them -- three boys and a girl student -- at the premier technological institute in Kanpur is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made on Wednesday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of US $150,000, or close to Rs. 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs. 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI on Thursday.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs. 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs. 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs. 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till December 24.

Barack Obama s India visit: Layer after layer of police to shield the US PresidentThe USSS experts will hold consultations with a team of Delhi Police besides senior officials on the route that the president will take from airport. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A team of the US Secret Service (USSS) that protects American presidents and vice-presidents will be in Delhi in the next few days to conduct a recce of Rajpath where the Republic Day parade would be held, as Barack Obama would be the chief guest for the event. The USSS experts will hold consultations with a team of Delhi Police besides senior officials on the route that the president will take from airport to the hotel where he will be staying, besides the route on which Obama will travel to various venues in the city, official sources told ET.
The visiting team will also visit the five-star hotel where the President will stay to take stock of the security arrangements and suggest additional requirements if any, sources pointed out. A senior government source said the security arrangements at Rajpath will be of "unprecedented level" given the presence of two of the most well-protected personalities, Barack Obama and Narendra Modi at the function.
"The presence of the US President at an open-air function is expected to be a top security priority for the USSS. We are preparing for a detailed briefing to them on how security will be handled at Rajpath during the event," the source said. The IB Chief, Delhi Police Commissioner and the Union Home Secretary have been asked to "personally oversee" the security arrangements this time.
A key challenge for both US and Indian security officials will be the open air venue at Delhi's Rajpath where Republic Day parade is organised. The Republic Day celebrations are given air cover and snipers are posted in high rises near the venue, sources said, adding, this architecture will be strengthened for the next parade where Obama will be present.
The officials, however, refused to divulge details. "There is a possibility that over two dozen government buildings around Rajpath may be sealed two days in advance rather than one day which has been the precedent," a source added. An advanced security team will arrive a fortnight ahead of President's touch down in Delhi.

Tanks from Tata Motors  torpedoes from PipavavBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The decks have been cleared for some leading Indian companies to pour billions of dollars into domestic defence production, with a designated panel over the past few months clearing a flurry of proposals involving the manufacture of highly capital-intensive equipment and integrated systems that have hitherto remained out of bounds for them.
India’s capital spending in the defence sector has risen one-and-a-half times over the last four years (see graphic), and is projected by CII-BCG to rise five times by 2025 — over 70% of India’s needs are met through imports.
Many of these proposals will be supported by the India-US Defence Trade and Technology Initiative and will pave the way for technology assimilation for Indian companies in high-tech areas like integrated defence systems, main battle tanks, unmanned aerial vehicles and sophisticated submarines, official sources told FE.
Defence production wings of leading domestic conglomerates like Reliance, various Tata firms, Mahindra & Mahindra and a host of others with interest in the sector like Larsen & Toubro, Bharat Forge, Pipavav Defence and Punj Lloyd secured clearances for one or more of defence production projects over the last two meetings of the licensing committee of the department of industrial policy and promotion.
A total of 35 projects were listed for consideration of the committee on Tuesday, and most are believed to have been cleared.
Among the big projects cleared are a 2010 proposal from Tata Motors to overhaul all armoured fighting vehicles as well as to make a battle tank. Tata Motors is not the only company wanting to make tanks. Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering also has a proposal pending since 2012 to manufacture tanks, armoured fighting vehicles and gun turrets.
Pipavav also got a clearance for manufacturing missiles and rockets, torpedoes and also structural parts for aircraft. A total of seven projects from Pipavav were considered by the licensing committee. Punj Lloyd Aviation had applied for permission to manufacture aircraft as well as drones. Piramal Systems & Technologies has also applied to make drones while Bharti Shipyard applied for a licence to produce warships and submarines.
As part of the process of expediting Make-in-India for defence, the Defence Acquisition Committee (DAC) has, since July 19, cleared over Rs 150,000 crore worth of projects for a combination of buying and make-in-India.
Among the big-ticket items are the purchase-cum-manufacture of replacements for Avro transport carriers at a cost of roughly Rs 15,000 crore, 814 mounted gun systems for the army at a cost of Rs 15,750 crore and six submarines for Rs 50,000 crore.
In the case of the guns, while the first 100 are to be bought off-the-shelf, the rest are to be manufactured in India. In the case of the replacement for the Avros, the DAC has decided to take some more time to clear the Airbus-Tata Advanced System bid for production — in this case, the first 16 aircraft are to be supplied by the foreign vendor while the rest will be manufactured locally within eight years.
Some of the projects that have now been cleared will require the Foreign Investment Promotion Board’s approval for the foreign direct investment part. The government in August notified a hike in foreign investment limit in defence production to 49% from 26% and said even beyond the new limit of 49%, foreign investment would be considered on a case to case basis by the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) provided it was prima facie felt that such investments would lead to technology transfers.
The biggest stumbling blocks for projects looking for industrial licences so far were the clause that no FII investments were to be allowed, and that the largest Indian shareholder had to have at least a 51% stake in the company.
As a result, Reliance Aerospace, which had submitted a proposal to produce rocket launchers as well as flight control systems, could never get a clearance — the FII ownership in the parent Reliance Industries was 17% and so, since Reliance Aerospace was a wholly-owned subsidiary of a wholly-owned subsidiary, it was treated as having FII holdings.
In the case of Tata Advanced Materials, similarly, a small FII stake proved to be the bottleneck. And in the case of Punj Lloyd, though it met the FDI criterion — at 26% before the NDA raised it to 49% — it could not make the cut as the largest Indian shareholder held just a 40% stake.
TAGS: Pipavav Defence Reliance Tata
More from economy

Make in Maha : State relaxes land & labour laws | Quality standards for  Make in IndiaAfter Rajasthan & Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra the third BJP state to loosen up land, labour laws
By AKSHAY DESHMANE , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.57AM IST
0
Share More
Among the notable changes, factories employing up to 300 workers can be closed without government permission, compared with the earlier floor of 100 employees.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Modi government may not have been able to expedite amendments to the land acquisition or the Industrial Disputes Act, but BJPruled states are pushing ahead on this front. After Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra is moving to amend both laws as part of a drive to woo investments under its 'Make in Maharashtra' campaign, which is a state-level adaptation of the PM's 'Make in India' campaign.
Nearly a fortnight ago, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis held separate meetings with top state officials and prominent industrialists, including Mukesh Ambani and Ajay Piramal, to discuss ways and means of boosting the state's manufacturing sector.
The newly elected state government has subsequently decided to work around the strict provisions of UPA's 2013 land acquisition Act by proposing the Centre to include the state's own MIDC Act in the list of exempted laws under which land can be acquired for specific purposes. In case of MIDC, the acquisition will be for industrial purposes.
At this stage, though, it remains unclear if the exemption can be brought into effect by a government notification or if the proposal would require an amendment to the original Act, which would have to be cleared by Parliament.
Officials who attended the meetings confirmed these plans. "We are not against the formula of compensation to land owners decided by the present Act. But we have prepared our case saying that special Acts supersede the general Act; that is our interpretation. Thus, the special Act — in this case the MIDC Act which came into effect in 1961 for orderly establishment of industrial districts to maintain the state's industrial balance — should prevail," said MIDC CEO Bhushan Gagrani.
Gagrani pointed out that this exemption was necessary because acquisition of land for industrial purposes — even for setting up projects on land already under MIDC's control — has been barred under the new land Act.
Another official who attended the CM's meeting said a comprehensive review of labour legislation is also underway. The change will be along the lines of the amendments to the Industrial Disputes Act effected in Rajasthan.
Among the notable changes, factories employing up to 300 workers can be closed without government permission, compared with the earlier floor of 100 employees.
"The proposal mooted first in 2001 for amending the Industrial Disputes Act has been revived.
In fact, a draft of the amendments had received approval from the government of India in 2001 and this will need clearance by the Cabinet and the assembly. Other law being reviewed is the Mathadi Act," said Industries Secretary Apurva Chandra. He acknowledged that the amendments in Rajasthan and MP are being considered as templates while working on the draft amendments to be presented to the Maharashtra assembly.

Ex-Royals targetting new buyers for luxury p...Erstwhile royals targeting new buyers for promoting luxury products like pashmina shawls, hand-painted saris
By Vijaya Rathore , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
While most of the retailing so far has been conducted through museum shops running within old forts and palaces, attempts are being made to reach out to a larger audience.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Royalty and luxury often go together, especially in a market like India where the luxury consumption story began with the royals splurging on things such as Bulgari jewellery , LV trunks and Rolls Royce cars.
In a role reversal of sorts, the erstwhile royals and their descendants are targeting new buyers of high end products ranging from pashmina shawls to hand-painted saris and expensive leather footwear.
Many are promoting handicraft products made by the artisans of their erstwhile kingdoms under the banner of trusts and NGOs, while others are created items such as precious jewellery, home decor stuff and artworks as pure commercial activity.
While most of the retailing so far has been conducted through museum shops running within old forts and palaces, attempts are being made to reach out to a larger audience by exploring new avenues such as corporate tie-ups, online and even international exhibitions.
Last year, Maharaja Gaj Singh II of Jodhpur commissioned English perfume house Penhaligon's to develop a special fragrance named after his granddaughter - Vaara - and inspired by his hometown Jodhpur. The product — priced at Rs 12,500 for 100 ml, more than many leading international brands — was, however, not created for personal consumption alone, but to be commercially retailed.
"We have already sold 700 bottles," said Maureen Liebl , project director of the museum shops in Jodhpur run by the family. Going ahead, the plan is to promote the brand to a wider audience. "We are exploring retail tie-ups and getting the brand positioning right," she said. Like the Jodhpur royal family, heirs and descendants of other royal lineages are doing something similar.
Radhika Raje Gaekwad of the Baroda royal family is promoting hand-woven Chanderi saris priced at Rs 20,000 and upwards per piece, besides other articles such as cushion covers, coasters and even mugs, inspired by the collection of more than 40 Raja Ravi Varma paintings owned by the family.
"There's a lot of curiosity among the general public about the royal families and how they lived," said Gaekwad, who insists that it was "not just a commercial activity or business for the family but to carry forward the tradition and the legacy by supporting the craftsmen".
She has struck a venture with the Taj Group of Hotels to retail through the Taj Khazana shops.
Besides operating through retail stores, Gaekwad and a clutch of other erstwhile royals also participate in exhibitions such as Royal Fables and interact directly with new-age buyers of luxury on a one-on-one basis.
This month, a group of 45 royal scions are visiting Morocco to showcase their products to buyers in cities such as Casablanca and Marrakech. The group will not only showcase their range to the outside world, but also exchange notes with the international icons of the luxury world, like Pierre Berge, cofounder of Yves Saint Laurent Couture House.
Back home, Vidita Singh, daughter of Manvendra Singh of Barwani in Madhya Pradesh, is exploring tie-ups with retailers, both online and offline, to sell artworks inspired by automobiles.
Having sold paintings — she is an artist herself — worth Rs 25,000 toRs 2.5 lakh, Singh is experimenting with other products such as scarves, ties, cushions and more.
"Passion for automotives and cars has been handed over to me as legacy and I want it to reach out to a larger set of audience through my artworks," said Singh.
"The word royalty has an imagery connotation and means indulgence," said Abraham Koshy, professor of marketing at the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad.
"Many people from royal backgrounds are appropriate symbols to exemplify products that are ultra-luxurious and differentiate them from other highend products."
It's a promising business model as there are huge margins, he added.
Though these royals do not share numbers on sales, volume and profitability, there is huge potential both in the domestic and international markets for the new consumers and purveyors of luxury.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Candy Crush to launch designer clothes  hand...Candy Crush to launch designer clothes, handbags; inks licensing deal with Dream Theatre
By Ratna Bhushan , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.20AM IST
0
Share More
 King Digital Entertainment Plc, has signed licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush products across South Asia.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Developers of Candy Crush Saga , perhaps the world's most popular online and mobile game, plans to cash in on its popularity in India by launching high-street designer clothes , handbags , shoes and, of course, candies under the Candy Crush brand.
King Digital Entertainment Plc, the London-based owner of Candy Crush, has signed an exclusive licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush branded products across South Asia.
"Since women between 18-25 years have been identified as the primary consumers of Candy Crush, our core focus for extending the game to products is women's fashion clothing, accessories, handbags, footwear and even home furnishing," said Jiggy George, founder and CEO of Dream Theatre, an entertainment, sports, fashion licensing and brand management firm.
Dream Theatre is close to signing a contract with a top Indian fashion designer, he said, but refused to name the person.
In July, fashion designer Manish Arora had showcased a fall/winter collection for Amprapali jewellery inspired by Candy Crush.
George said Dream Theatre will also partner a confectionery player to leverage the obvious synergy between Candy Crush and confectionery by launching Candy Crush candies and confectionery.
Candy Crush Saga, a match three-puzzle video game developed by King Digital in 2012 on Facebook, and later as a mobile app for smartphones, surpassed Farmville 2 as the most popular game on Facebook last year, with over 46 million average monthly users. Candy Crush has been installed over 600 million times on Facebook and iOS/Android devices, and was the most downloaded iOS app last year.
It enjoys huge popularity in India too. "The Candy Crush is like a new-age virus - whatever its pros or cons may be," said Shailendra Singh, joint MD of entertainment and sports marketing firm Percept.
He said recently at a function in Meerut he saw one of the people manning a sweets stall playing Candy Crush on his mobile.
The brand licensing market in India is estimated at $450 million, or about Rs 2,780 crore, at retail sales. It's not even 1% of the global market estimated at $200 billion, but is growing about 20% a year, helped by online retail and organised retail.
Licensing content and characters emanating from digital games and applications is a fast accelerating trend, replacing television and cartoon characters.
Angry Birds, the first such success, has so far been the biggest hit with two billion downloaded games worldwide. Angry Birds has followed the original game with multiple extensions, animation shorts and an upcoming movie in 2016.
For the Indian market, Dream Theatre, which also has licensing rights for Angry Birds, has launched products across 14 categories, including toys, board games, apparel and stationery.
Angry Birds' branded products are now available across 1,500 stores besides multiple online platforms.
George said with rights to licences for three digital properties — Candy Crush, Angry Birds and Talking Tom app — Dream Theatre was targeting Rs 150 crore of retail sales within three years.
Globally, the gaming market is forecast to grow to $103 billion by 2017 with mobile gaming doubling its share to 34%.
King Digital's latest results showed profits down by 20% in the July-September quarter compared to last year, and it has been trying to increase market share in an intensely competitive mobile game industry.
King Digital's stock-market debut in March this year was among the worst in the US. The company said it was diversifying beyond its core Candy Crush game and that its 'non-Candy Crush' game portfolio is now contributing 49% of its revenues.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Japan seeks patent term extension at RCEPJapan seeks patent term extension at Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership
By Dilasha Seth & Soma Das, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
RCEP is a proposed free trade agreement among the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Australia, China, India, Japan, South Korea and New Zealand.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Japan is pressing for an extension of monopoly rights by up to five years for a patented drug if the innovator firm loses out a chunk of its patent term during the process of gaining marketing approval from a drug regulator, according to the country's draft text submitted on Wednesday as part of the ongoing negotiation at the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP).
RCEP is a proposed free trade agreement among the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Australia, China , India, Japan, South Korea and New Zealand. The current round of talks is ongoing in Greater Noida.
According to government officials, Japan is being backed in its efforts by Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore and other fellow countries in the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), another proposed regional free trade agreement under which these countries are negotiating with the US. India is not budging from its stated position of not going beyond its global commitments made under Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights ( TRIPS ), and is instead pushing for protection of traditional knowledge.
Japan is also pushing for patents to be granted for incremental innovations, even when they don't show any improved efficacy over an existing invention, the latest Wednesday draft reviewed by ET shows. This is a direct attack on Section 3(d) of India's patent law, which forbids patenting of frivolous innovations dubbing them attempts at 'evergreening'. This clause was upheld by the Supreme Court last year, when it turned down Swiss drug innovator Novartis' plea for patenting its cancer drug Glivec .
Groupings of public health activists and patients holding protests in Delhi against such provisions being put forth at the RCEP, warn that giving into such intellectual property provisions could severely restrict access to low-cost medicines for people in developing countries.
"Japan, a close ally of the US in TPP, is aggressively negotiating for patent term extensions and lower patentability criteria in RCEP as well. This can extend monopoly protection beyond global commitments and create new kinds of monopolies" said Leena Menghaney, regional head for South Asia at Doctors without Borders Access Campaign, an international public health group. This could threaten India's role as the pharmacy for developing countries at a time when Doctors without Borders alone procures 80% of its global requirement of HIV medicines from here, she added.
Another patent expert said: "I know of a Japanese pharma giant which was granted a patent here for a TB drug in 2011. They are yet to seek marketing approval from the drug regulator. Delay in getting marketing approval can be from the company's side as well. Also such indirect attempts at patent linkage (linking patent grant process to drug marketing approval system) will put unwarranted pressure on the drug regulatory authorities to hasten their process of approval."

Sensex rangebound  Nifty holds 8550; SAIL drops 2%Sensex rangebound, Nifty holds 8550; SAIL drops over 2%
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 09.24AM IST
0
Share More
Market opens flat; SAIL, Axis Bank down
Market opens flat; SAIL, Axis Bank down
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped marginally in red, but was trading above its crucial psychological level of 8550
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: After a strong close in the previous trading session, the S&P SBE Sensex failed to keep the momentum going on Friday. The index was trading in a range with a positive bias, led by gains in ITC, ICICI Bank , RIL and Bharti Airtel.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped marginally in red, but was trading above its crucial psychological level of 8550, weighed down by losses in IT, pharma and IT stocks.
At 09:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28632.62, up 70 points or 0.25 per cent. It touched a high of 28651.75 and a low of 28567.84 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8577 up 13 points or 0.15 per cent. It touched a high of 8588.35 and a low of 8560.30 in trade today.
SAIL slipped as much as 2.1 per cent in trade to hit its intraday low of Rs 83.50, after the government set the floor price for the sale of a 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) at Rs 83.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.33 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.51 per cent.
GAIL India (up 1.4 per cent), BHEL (up 1.4 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 1.3 per cent), M&M (up 1.1 per cent) and L&T (up 0.68 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 0.78 per cent), Wipro (down 0.55 per cent), Cipla (down 0.51 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.49 per cent) and Tata Motors (down 0.45 per cent) were the major index losers.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

North Korea bans use of leader s name Kim Jong UnSEOUL, South Korea, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 09:47 IST
North Korea bans use of leader's name Kim Jong Un
AP
A file photo of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
TOPICS
North Korea
In North Korea, there can be only one Kim Jong Un.
A South Korean official said on Wednesday that Pyongyang forbids its people from using the same name as the young absolute leader.
The measure appears meant to bolster a personality cult surrounding Mr. Kim, who took over after the death of his dictator father Kim Jong Il in late 2011. Seoul officials have said Pyongyang also banned the use of the names of Kim Jong Il and the country’s founder, Kim Il Sung.
The South Korean official said Kim Jong Il in early 2011 ordered citizens with the same name as his son to get new names and demanded that authorities reject birth registrations of newborn babies with the name.
The official requested anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to speak publicly. He refused to disclose how the information was obtained.
Mr. Kim Jong Un made his international debut in late 2010 when he was awarded a slew of top political jobs. His father, who reportedly suffered a stroke in 2008, was seen as moving fast to hand over power so his family could rule for a third generation.
Kim Jong Il inherited power in 1994 when his father Kim Il Sung died.
North Korea enforces strict, state-organized public reverence of the Mr. Kim family, which serves as the backbone of the family’s authoritarian rule of the impoverished country. The North is locked in a long-running international standoff over its nuclear ambitions.
All North Koreans are required to wear lapel pins bearing the images of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il and to put the leaders’ portraits on the walls of their homes. Their birthdays are considered the most important holidays in North Korea.

KFC  Sagar Ratna rice unsafe  HC toldKFC, Sagar Ratna rice unsafe, HC told
Soibam Rocky Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 01:00 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:47 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Two popular restaurant chains, KFC and Sagar Ratna, are serving rice dishes that have been found to be “unsafe” due to the presence of harmful artificial colouring, the Delhi government’s food safety department has said in a report submitted to the high court.
The “unsafe” dishes mentioned are fast-food giant KFC’s Rizo Rice served at its restaurant at Scindia House in Connaught Place, and some rice recipes from South Indian favourite Sagar Ratna’s outlet in Guru Teg Bahadur Nagar. Both chains operate scores of restaurants across the Capital.
Random samples were taken from the two restaurants and tested between January 2013 and October 2014. “Legal action has been initiated against them by the department,” the report said.
The report also said action has been initiated against a third restaurant, Bikanerwala, after “one sample of fruit and vegetable chutney was found to be sub-standard”.
Both KFC and Sagar Ratna denied the allegations.
 
“We only use natural colour (beta carotene) sourced from highly reputed international suppliers in our Rizo Rice meals. The recent rice sample collected by FSSAI (Food Safety and Standards Authority of India) has also been analysed at an NABL-accredited independent lab at the same time and it confirms that tartrazine or any other synthetic colour is not present in the product. We are confident of our product quality and are working closely with the regulatory authorities,” said a KFC statement released to HT.
Similarly, Sagar Ratna CEO Murali Krishna Parna said, “Sagar Ratna has had a lineage of providing great quality food and good service in a clean ambience to a large customer base, several of whom have been our loyal customers for years. We are aware of this visit to our outlet by FSSAI officials in February 2013. We have been very cooperative throughout the entire inspection. The sample picked up by FSSAI was primarily the raw uncooked rice. We source this rice from various known brands of rice producers. The raw uncooked rice is first washed and cleaned thoroughly, boiled properly and then only is it cooked according to different recipes and served to customers. This is a standard and stringent procedure adopted at all our outlets. The matter is currently sub-judice.” Attempts to elicit a response from Bikanervala went unanswered.
In March, the high court had observed that some fruits and vegetables sold in the Capital were “unfit for human consumption”, basing its remark on an expert committee report that said 5.3% of vegetables and 0.5% of fruits had pesticide traces above the maximum residue limit. The report claimed pesticides such as chlordane, endrin, heptachlor, ethyl and parathion — that can cause neurological problems, kidney damage,  cancer and other diseases — were being liberally used in growing a number of vegetables.
As part of its safety drive, the Delhi government department also tested 648 samples of fruits and vegetables sold in the city’s markets. Two fruit samples (mosambi or sweet lime and pear) and one vegetable sample (beans) showed residues of a pesticide, fenthion, that were above the permissible limit prescribed in the FSS (Contaminants, Toxin and Residue) Regulation, 2011, the report said. It went on to say that a number of ghee samples collected and tested over the past two years from various outlets “were of sub-standard quality and ‘misbranded’ to mislead the public”. Of the tomato ketchup samples examined, one sample of vegetable sauce was “unsafe” and another “misbranded”.
HT had reported Monday that reports of alarming levels of pesticide residue in farm produce has prompted the Centre to work on a “grow safe food campaign” that could entail policy initiatives on pesticide use.

J-K: Militants attack army camp in Uri  gunfight onTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Snowden files: UK spy agency hacked Reliance cables  accessed dataComments
British intelligence hacked into two major undersea cables owned by Reliance Communications compromising millions of users, including those from the Indian government, reveal the latest scan of documents leaked by Edward Snowden, the US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor-turned-whistleblower. This security breach took place sometime between 2009 and 2011.
A private company, bought by telecom major Vodafone in 2012, helped the British intelligence agency General Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) in hacking the Reliance cables and 27 others that converged in the UK, reveal the documents.
These revelations were made in the last week of November by UK’s Channel 4 and German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung that jointly investigated the Snowden cache.
The Reliance cables carry internet and data traffic between Asia and Europe, and Europe to the American continent. Indian users compromised by this breach include those who don't necessarily use a Reliance connection as the cables carry data from a multitude of internet service providers in multiple countries.
The website of Reliance Globacom, part of Anil Ambani’s Reliance Telecom group, describes itself as being one of the world’s “largest private undersea cable system spanning 67,000 km route.”
Renamed Global Cloud Xchange (GCX) in March, it owns two key undersea cables — FLAG, which connects Europe to Asia, and FLAG Atlantic 1 (FA1), which connects the American continent with Europe. Both cables meet at a junction in southwest UK and are connected by the local area network operated by Vodafone subsidiary Cable & Wireless.
The FLAG Europe-Asia undersea cable has landing stations in Egypt, the Arabian peninsula, India, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, mainland China, Taiwan and Japan. It was a key target, the documents show, since it carries data from countries that the US and UK are most interested in, like Middle East countries, India and also China.
The documents showed that the GCHQ had a secret financial arrangement with Cable & Wireless to use its facility in Skewjack Farm in southwest England to hack into the 29 undersea cables. This was part of a major operation codenamed “PFENNING ALPHA”, a computer exploitation network run jointly by the US’s NSA, and GCHQ. In separate documents, this operation has also been identified as the NSA’s “fourth-largest” information collection exercise from the global Internet.
In August 2013, Süddeutsche Zeitung accessed the Snowden papers to reveal the code names given by British intelligence to private telecom companies that cooperated with GCHQ for tapping internet communications. Cable & Wireless was identified by the codename ‘GERONTIC’ while British Telecom (BT) is referred to as ‘REMEDY’. Both companies were part of an elaborate spying programme code-named ‘TEMPORA’.
The documents also reveal how GCHQ used a secret software known as ‘XKeyscore’ to pull out data to analyse the data it was intercepting. The filtering of the Internet was carried out using technology developed by a Boeing subsidiary company, Narus. It would pull out packets of information that included phone numbers, emails, and IP addresses in real time.
Reliance Communications declined to reply to HT’s queries.
Ben Padovan, the official spokesperson of Vodafone in the UK, said in a statement: "Cable & Wireless was not owned, operated or controlled by Vodafone until 2012. We examined the past history of Cable & Wireless compliance prior to its acquisition by Vodafone and found no evidence that would substantiate these allegations…
The statement ends saying that Vodafone is legally bound not to disclose “any information regarding warrants received and the processes and systems in place to respond to such warrants” and the penalty for doing so is five years in prison.

http://usat.ly/1CJMmH0FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Services firms growing more quickly
The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October.
Post to Facebook
Services firms growing more quickly The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zQiKlq
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Services firms growing more quickly
John Boak, AP 10:19 a.m. EST December 3, 2014
A worker prepares to align blocks during the construction of a new building in Miami Beach.
(Photo: Alan Diaz, AP file)
CONNECT 2 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — U.S. services firms expanded at a faster pace in November, a signal that overall economic growth should remain robust.
The Institute for Supply Management says its services index rose to 59.3 last month, up from 57.1 in October. The index reached 59.6 in August, the highest in eight years. Any reading over 50 indicates expansion.
The ISM is a trade group of purchasing managers. Its survey of services firms covers businesses that employ 90 percent of the American workforce, including retail, construction, health care and financial services firms.

http://usat.ly/1yX17CqProductivity grew at 2.3% rate in 3Q
Labor costs also fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported.
Post to Facebook
Productivity grew at 2.3% rate in 3Q Labor costs also fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFeLxW
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Productivity grew at 2.3% rate in 3Q
Martin Crutsinger, AP 10:33 a.m. EST December 3, 2014
Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter.
(Photo: Lynne Sladky, AP)
CONNECT 3 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — U.S. workers' productivity increased in the July-September quarter at a slightly faster pace than previously estimated while labor costs declined for a second straight quarter.
Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3%  in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday.
In its first estimate, the government had put productivity growth at a slightly slower 2% and said labor costs had risen a tiny 0.2%. The strengthening of productivity growth combined with a faster drop in labor costs should reassure the Federal Reserve that there is little threat of unwanted inflation pressures harming economic growth any time soon.
Greater productivity is the key factor determining rising living standards. It enables companies to pay their workers more without having to increase prices.
Monthly Markets Checkup: 6 things for December
The slightly faster productivity growth compared to an initial estimate one month ago reflected revisions the government made to the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services.
Last week, the government revised GDP for the third quarter up from its first estimate of 3.5% to a stronger 3.9%. Greater growth in output translated into stronger growth in productivity and lower labor pressures.
In the five-and-a-half years since the recession, when millions of workers lost their jobs and found it difficult to secure new ones, labor costs have remained well contained.
Over the past year, labor costs have risen 1.2%, a modest increase that is well below the long-run average of 2.8%. Productivity, the amount of output per hour of work, increased at an annual rate of 2.3% in the third quarter while labor costs fell at a rate of 1%, the Labor Department reported Wednesday. in annual gains. That suggests that wages and salaries are not rising fast enough to spur inflation.
The Federal Reserve keeps a close watch on productivity and labor costs for any signs that inflation may be accelerating.
Productivity over the past year has increased by a modest 1%, well below the long-run average of 2.2%.
In the two years after the recession, productivity surged. Companies cut jobs faster than their output was falling, driving productivity higher as fewer workers did more. Productivity grew 3.2% in 2009 and 3.3% in 2010.
But in the past three years, productivity growth has averaged just 1% per year as hiring has picked up. Economists at JPMorgan, however, are looking for a slight improvement in productivity growth next year, forecasting a gain of 1.5% in 2015.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFeLxW
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

PM s Ambitious Disinvestment Programme Kicks Off TodayChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
The government's ambitious disinvestment programme, under which it aims to plug the budget deficit by raising about $9.5 billion or nearly Rs 59,000 crore through stake sales by March 2015, kicks off today.
The government has set the floor price for the sale of a 5 per cent stake in Steel Authority of India (SAIL) at Rs 83 per share, through which it hopes to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore ($275 million), an official said on Thursday.
The government will give a discount of 5 per cent to retail investors in the offering, a senior finance ministry official said, adding the government expected to raise between Rs 1500 crore and Rs 1700 crore from the sale. The official declined to be named.
Experts say signs suggest India will fall well short of its privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors.
The government has so far raised Rs 51.8 crore, less than one thousandth of its target from the sale of shares in companies in which the state has majority and minority stakes.
The budget assumes that sell-off proceeds will generate 5.6 per cent of total revenues.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious selloff agenda has met with some resistance from labour unions for the Cabinet's proposal to sell a 10 per cent stake in Coal India that could help raise nearly Rs 19,000 crore ($3 billion), about a third of the annual divestment target.
The Coal India offering would follow a 5 per cent stake sale in state-controlled Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), worth nearly Rs 17,500 crore or $2.8 billion and slated for December.
The government's also plans to raise Rs 15,000 crore by selling its minority stakes in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO face a legal challenge from trade unions that have gone to the Supreme Court.
($1 = Rs 61.8925)

Capitals at Hurricanes: Game 25 discussion threadBy Alex Prewitt December 4 Follow @alex_prewitt
Capitals defenseman John Carlson notched the first two-goal game of his career Tuesday against Vancouver (AP Photo/Alex Brandon).
RALEIGH, N.C. — Bludgeoned on the penalty kill twice in two games, the Washington Capitals (10-10-4, 24 points) hit the road trying to solve their inconsistencies before the calendar year closes. Nine of their next 12 games come away from Verizon Center, starting Thursday night here at PNC Arena against the Carolina Hurricanes (8-13-3, 19 points). These two teams already met Nov. 8, when Nicklas Backstrom’s overtime goal helped the Capitals overcome a third-period collapse, when their 3-1 lead disappeared. Plenty happened for Washington in the almost four weeks since, but Coach Barry Trotz’s team hasn’t stopped hovering around .500 and fourth place in the Metropolitan Division.
Now, the Capitals shipped south hoping to break a two-game losing streak, during which they allowed six power play goals and 10 total.
“Our penalty kill hasn’t been that bad, but it goes in times during the year,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “When you get lit up, you get lit up a lot. When you’re able to stop teams, you stop them a lot. We’ve gone through a patch here that’s been pretty messy for us on that end.”
They have dealt with messy situations before, like an early-season affinity for costly defensive zone turnovers, or a string of goaltending miscues against the Devils and Blues, or even-strength scoring droughts, each loss seeming to pivot on one glaring issue. This week, as the Capitals packed for Carolina and New Jersey, a certain urgency emerged in the locker room. Time is far from running out, but with an already sizable gap formed between the Islanders and Penguins and the rest of the Metropolitan Division, the Capitals know this month could prove vital.
“Too many times where we only have half, three quarters of the guys going,” defenseman Karl Alzner said. “You can’t win like that. You need everybody to go every game. That’s up to each of us to figure out on our own. I know I’ve had some off nights and I go right back to the drawing board. You try to make it better. That’s all we can really do. We have great systems, we have the right coaching, we have all those things in place. It’s us who falters too often.”
In meeting with reporters Thursday, Trotz said he would rejigger his bottom six, so the lines listed below might look different once pregame rushes take place. Otherwise, the goaltending matchup, injuries and links hold up. The Capitals fly to New Jersey and practice Friday in Newark at 2:30 p.m. Thanks for following along.
LINES
Alex Ovechkin–Nicklas Backstrom–Tom Wilson
Marcus Johansson–Evgeny Kuznetsov–Troy Brouwer
Brooks Laich–Eric Fehr–Joel Ward
Jason Chimera–Michael Latta–Jay Beagle
Defemsemen

Asian shares down; US jobs data awaitedAsian shares down; US jobs data awaited
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 5:  
Asian shares drifted while the dollar marked time on Friday ahead of the key US jobs report later in the session that could help it retake ground lost to the euro overnight.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 per cent, on track for a weekly loss of 0.8 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei stock average slipped 0.2 per cent, but was on track for a weekly gain of more than 2 per cent.
Major Wall Street indexes inched down on Thursday, but the Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose to set a record intra-day high.
Payrolls data
The US nonfarm payrolls report is expected to show that employers added 230,000 new jobs last month, and the unemployment rate is seen remaining unchanged at 5.8 per cent, according to analysts polled by Reuters. The figures are scheduled for release at 1330 GMT.
“The US dollar has struggled to rally even on good US data recently so this could be the case again. Yet the multi-day/week outlook for USD remains positive,’’ Sean Callow, a currency strategist at Westpac, said in a note.
ECB stimulus
The dollar gave up ground against the euro on Thursday, after first ascending to a two-year peak of $1.2279, when the European Central Bank refrained from detailing any expansion of its stimulus programme.
But additional actions are still expected next year. In his clearest language yet, ECB President Mario Draghi underlined the central bank’s commitment to supporting the euro zone economy. Draghi also made the case for buying assets such as state bonds, a step opposed by Germany.
Euro vs dollar
The ECB’s lack of immediate action put a floor under the single currency and gave investors a reason to trim their short positions, sending the euro as high as $1.2457. It was last at $1.2383, steady on the day.
The greenback was flat against the yen at 119.79 yen after breaking above the 120-yen level on Thursday for the first time in over seven years, rising as high as 120.25.
Crude oil
Oil remained under pressure after Saudi Arabia announced deep cuts on Thursday to the prices it charges its Asian and US buyers, a week after refusing to support output cuts championed by some members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
“It's another sign that they want to maintain production levels,’’ said Tony Nunan, a risk manager at Mitsubishi Corp.
US crude was down about 0.4 per cent at $66.54 a barrel, though it kept some distance from a five-year low of $63.72 hit a week ago.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

All that you need to read on PSU divestmentAll that you need to read on PSU divestment
SI Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 09:13 AM IST
The government’s divestment programme kicks off today with SAIL’s offer for sale (OFS) today. The government expects to mop up around Rs 1,700 crore through this exercise. Following the stake sale, the government holding in the company will come down from 80 per cent to 75 per cent.
Here is all that you need to read up on PSU divestments.
Govt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL OFS today
The government will kick off its Rs 58,000-crore disinvestment programme for 2014-15 today, with dilution of a 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL)   Click here to read the story
SAIL OFS: Only long-term investors should apply
Steel Authority of India (SAIL)’s offer for sale (OFS) comes at a time when the demand and pricing environment for steel is subdued, both in India and globally. Plus, domestic supplies are expected to increase faster than demand over the next 12-18 months   Click here to read the story
Divestment delay cost the Modi govt Rs 4,700 crore
What explains the delay? An analysis of newspapers points to two events after the Cabinet decision - the finance minister's hospitalisation and the shuffling in North Block, when top officers were replaced en masse. The Street terms this a concentration risk - too much riding on too few   Click here to read the story
LIC ready to buy shares in govt divestment programme
State-run insurance behemoth LIC has invested Rs 45,000 crore in equity markets so far this fiscal and is ready to purchase more shares when government undertakes its divestment programme, Chairman S K Roy said  Click here to read the story
Buy ONGC, CIL, NHPC during govt stake sale: Analysts
Analysts suggest though these stocks remain good long-term bets, one must treat each company on own merits. The possibility of a discount to retail investors in the share sales, however, could be a near-term dampener for these stocks, they say.   Click here to read the story
Divestment contenders beat Street
Stocks of government probables for divestment or stake sale such as Steel Authority of India (SAIL), Mahanagar Telephone Nigam (MTNL), National Aluminium Company (Nalco) and Container Corporation (Concor) have outperformed the markets in the past one year  Click here to read the story
Will the govt hit its stake sale target this time?
The Narendra Modi government is all set for India's biggest ever divestment programme. The finance ministry has identified over a dozen public-sector units, or PSUs, which can hit the market in the eight months that remain in 2014-15. The target is to raise Rs 58,425 crore - 269 per cent higher than Rs 15,819 crore mopped up last year.  Click here to read the story

24th James Bond movie titled SpectreBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:15 am
James Bond’s 24th adventure will be called ‘Spectre’ where 007 will be seen uncovering secrets of a sinister terror organisation, director Sam Mendes announced at Pinewood Studios today.
Daniel Craig, 46, is returning as Ian Fleming’s famous fictional spy for the fourth time while it is Mendes’ second Bond film after ‘Skyfall’.
‘Sherlock’ star Andrew Scott, Oscar-winner Christoph Waltz and Monica Bellucci are joining as new cast members along with other actors. ‘Spectre’ will release on November 6 next year.
“We are very excited and I think I speak on behalf of all of us to say that we cannot wait to bring this movie to you in just under a year’s time. We hope you like it,” Mendes said as he announced cast and crew details with producer Barbara Broccoli at Pinewood where the principal photography will begin from Monday.
The film will be shot in England, Mexico City, Rome, Tangier & Erfoud, Morocco, Solden, Obertilliach and Lake Altausee (Austria).
In the new movie, a cryptic message from Bond’s past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organisation (Spectre). While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind Spectre.
The title is named after the shadowy terrorist organisation created by Fleming which first appeared in his
novel 1961 ‘Thunderball’. Spectre stands for Special Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion.
“We’ve got an amazing cast and, I think, a better script than we had last time. We started something in Skyfall, it felt like a beginning of something. This feels like a continuation of that. We’re going to put all of those elements in, and much more,” Craig said.
‘Django Unchained’ star Waltz, whose name was rumoured in the cast as villain Blofeld, will play Oberhauser though not much was revealed about his character. David Bautista will play henchman Mr Hinx.
Scott, best known for his role in TV drama ‘Sherlock’ where he played Sherlock’s nemesis James Moriarty, will play Whitehall newcomer Denbigh.
Bellucci, 50, is the new Bond girl Lucia Sciarra with ‘Blue is the Warmest Color’ star Lea Seydoux as Madeleine Swann.
Ben Whishaw, Naomie Harris and Ralph Fiennes are returning as Q, Moneypenny and M respectively. Fiennes was introduced as new Bond boss in ‘Skyfall’ after the death of Judi Dench’s character in the end.
Aston Martin has continued its 50-year-old relationship with the spy drama and Mendes launched the new DB-10 version of the car that Bond will be seen driving in the movie.
The writing team behind ‘Skyfall’ — John Logan, Neil Purvis and Rob Wade are returning for ‘Spectre’ as well.
The film is produced continued…

Silenced Sadhvi syndrome grips BJPs starspeakersWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:13 am
The BJP has put its choice bunch of campaign MPs in the locker room after the furore over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon speech forced her reprimand by the Prime Minister in Parliament on Thursday.
Party sources said it has been decided to pull out the “fiery” speakers who can further embarrass the leadership while the Parliament session is in full swing.
A quick reflection of this hasty pullback was in evidence on Thursday when leaders like Lallu Singh and Niranjan Jyoti did not appear at rallies.
“Directions have come to put such MPs on hold who could say things that will embarrass the party. It will be hard to tackle another ‘objectionable’ comment. Our PM was forced to comment on Sadhvi’s speech in both Houses,” a senior party leader said.
Lallu Singh, MP from Faizabad, was supposed to speak at Najafgarh. His meeting was axed. Aligarh MP Satish Gautam was scheduled to speak at Harkesh Nagar jansabha in South Delhi but he was sent to Gole Market as Sadhvi’s replacement.
Party sources said Sadhvi will not be holding any poll meetings till fresh approval from the Central leadership, which is unlikely till the end of the winter session of Parliament on December 23. She along with some other MPs may be called back for election speeches ahead of Assembly polls once they are declared.
Parliamentary furore aside, for party workers at Gole Market, the cancellation of Sadhvi’s programme came as a disappointment. “We have put up hoardings and publicised that Sadhvi would be addressing this jansabha but it is now Aligarh MP Satish Gautam who would be speaking here. We got to know about her not coming only around 5 pm,” a worker present in the meeting said.
Meanwhile, as another fallout of the Sadhvi saga, the Delhi unit has requested TV news channels to invite only the official BJP spokesperson for debate.

China to end use of prisoners organs for transplants nextmonthBy: Reuters | Beijing |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:06 am
China, the only country that still systematically takes organs from executed prisoners for use in transplant operations, plans to end the controversial practice from next month, a state-run newspaper said on Friday.
The government has over the last year flagged plans to end the practice, which has drawn criticism from rights groups, who have accused authorities of taking many organs without consent from prisoners or their families, a claim Beijing has denied.
The official China Daily said that human organ transplants will from Jan. 1 rely on voluntary public donations and on donations from living relatives.
“Harvesting organs from executed prisoners for transplants is controversial, despite written consent being required from donors and their relatives,” Huang Jiefu, head of the China Organ Donation Committee, was quoted as saying.
“The Chinese government has always been resolute in making efforts to end such a practice,” added Huang, a former vice health minister. “Donations by the public should be the only source of organs for transplants.”
Supply of human organs falls far short of demand in China, due in part to a traditional belief that bodies should be buried or cremated intact. An estimated 300,000 patients are wait-listed every year for organ transplants, and only about one in 30 ultimately receives a transplant.
That shortage has fuelled the illegal trade in organs, and in 2007 the government banned transplants from living donors, except for spouses, blood relatives and step- or adopted family members.
“The most severely ill get donations under the system, regardless of their social status and wealth,” Huang said. “Judicial departments are not entitled to decide where the organ donations go.”
China does not publish the numbers of people it executes, though the World Coalition Against the Death Penalty, a grouping of more than 150 non-government bodies, bar associations and other groups, estimates it was about 3,000 last year.

BSE Sensex rises 88 pts on capital inflows  mixed globalcuesBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:03 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:46 pm
The benchmark Sensex today closed nearly 105 points down at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the BSE Sensex surged to the day’s high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points or 0.37 per cent. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
The gauge had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points. This is its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 constituents of 30-share Sensex including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
On similar lines, the 50-share Nifty index ended 26.10 points, or 0.30 per cent, lower at 8,538.30. Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE barometer.
It moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
“In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed indices in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government’s 5 per cent stake sale in steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorally, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.

Indian-American scientist appointed as US ScienceEnvoyBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:52 am
A top Indian-American scientist from Stanford University has been appointed as one of the Science Envoys of the US.
Arun Majumdar, a professor at the prestigious university, along with three others Peter Hotez, Jane Lubchenco and Geri Richmond would serve as US Envoys beginning January next year, the State Department said on Thursday.
Like their nine predecessors, these distinguished scientists will engage internationally at the citizen and government levels to develop partnerships, improve collaboration, and forge mutually beneficial relationships between other nations and the US to stimulate increased scientific cooperation and foster economic prosperity, the Department said in a statement.
Science Envoys travel as private citizens and advice the White House, the Department of State, and the scientific community about potential opportunities for cooperation.
This year the Department announced the first Science Envoy for the Ocean, building on the momentum created at the Ocean Conference held at the State Department in June.
An IIT-Bombay alumnus, Majumdar is a material scientist, engineer, who was President Barack Obama’s nominee for the Under Secretary of Energy between November 30, 2011 and May 15, 2012.
He formerly ran the Environmental Energy Technologies Division at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, where he was also the deputy director of LBNL as well a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.

Sonakshi Sinha not interested incricketBy: Indo-Asian News Service |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:51 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:52 am
Cricket is quite popular in the country, but actress Sonakshi Sinha has no qualms to admit that she is not into the game.
Sonakshi Sinha confessed that she does not know how to play the nation’s most favourite game, cricket, at the opening ceremony of a sports reality show – “Box Cricket League”.
The actress was present on the sets to promote her upcoming movie “Action Jackson” along with director Prabhudheva.
Although the date of the Sony Entertainment Television show hasn’t been locked yet, it is expected to premier mid-December.
The actress was seen talking about other sports she knows on “Comedy Nights with Kapil”, which included volleyball and basketball. But cricket didn’t find a spot in the list.
However, the ‘ Dabangg’ actress didn’t shy away from trying her hand at batting and bowling when she mingled with the teams of “Box Cricket League”.

Arvind Kejriwal flies business class to Dubai  draws flak from BJP CongressBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:21 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:13 pm
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal on Thrusday flew business class to Dubai to attend a felicitation event, sparking strong reaction from the opposition which said his “real face” has been “exposed”.
The Aam Aadmi Party, however, came to Kejriwal’s defence, asking whether it was a crime to travel business class, a facility provided by the organisers.
The AAP chief left for a five-day visit to Dubai and New York on Thursday afternoon. In Dubai, Kejriwal will receive the award for Asia’s most inspiring and young social change maker at the World Brands Summit.He will also address the Abu Dhabi chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).
Pointless hue & cry on @ArvindKejriwal traveling business class. Pointlessness he reduced the political narrative to pic.twitter.com/ZSKDpJLBCG
— Pawan Khera (@Pawankhera) December 4, 2014
Kejriwal will then proceed to New York, where he will deliver a lecture at the prestigious Columbia University and dine with his party supporters.
Kejriwal, a former bureaucrat, is known for his simple lifestyle even when he became the Delhi Chief Minister. He preferred to travel in his Blue Wagon R and opted for a flat as his official accommodation.
Taking a jibe at Kejriwal, Union Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy said when he met the former chief minister of Delhi at the Republic Day parade, he was surrounded by policemen.
“I had a privilege of taking his photograph and asking Mr Kejriwal- ‘You are a common man and you are surrounded by 60 odd Delhi Police personnel’,” Rudy said.
“They do not have any agenda anymore and it is merely a lip service and he stands thoroughly exposed because he does not have anything to speak now. He is a man who prefers to fly business class and that is not very unusual and the people of Delhi must know this,” Rudy said.
Congress too mounted attack on Kejriwal, saying his real face has been exposed.
“AAP is completely exposed and the real face of the party has been revealed. AAP does not do what it says and does what it does not say. On one hand they talk about the common man and on the other their chief travels in the business class to collect donation. This clearly shows the intention of the party,” Congress spokesperson Shoba Oza said.
After the attack from Congress and BJP, the party rallied behind its leader. “The AAP makes it clear that entire programme details for Kejriwal’s five-day trip has already been made public and the ticket for his entire tour has been arranged by his IIT batch mates and organisers.
“The party is surprised at the attempts to rake up an unnecessary issue when all details are in the public domain and all details about the trip have already been provided,” AAP said in a statement.
Defending Kejriwal, AAP Delhi convener Ashutosh said his party chief had expressed desire to travel in economy class, but the organisers continued…

#Express5: A cataract surgery that went wrong; Mamata does aU-turnWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:20 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:59 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1. BLINDED
At least 15 people, all residents of Gago Mahal village in Amritsar district, are reported to have lost their eyesight after they were operated upon at an eye camp held in Ghuman village, in Gurdaspur, last month.
At least 15 people blinded after undergoing cataract surgery at Punjab eye camp by Anju Agnihotri Chaba
2. TMC’S U-TURN
In a U-turn that has paved the way for implementation of the long-pending Land Boundary Agreement with Bangladesh, the ruling TMC in West Bengal on Thursday declared its support to the accord with party supremo saying she wants a “speedy solution to the enclave problem”.
Mamata Banerjee does a U-turn; supports land boundary pact for ‘speedy solution to enclave problem’ reports Madhuparna Das
3. JUSTICE V R KRISHNA IYER
Justice Iyer’s views, “The mortality of justice at the hands of law troubles a Judge’s conscience and points an angry interrogation at the law reformer.The humanist rule that procedure should be the handmaid, not the mistress, of legal justice compels consideration of vesting a residuary power in judges to act ex debito justitiae where the tragic sequel otherwise would be wholly inequitable…. Justice is the goal of jurisprudence.”
Justice V R Krishna Iyer: The tallest of tall oaks, a beacon for India’s judiciary by Utkarsh Anand
4. OPINION
The Prime Minister was forced to break his silence on the hate speech made by his minister, Niranjan Jyoti, by the strong protests of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha. He had to come on record against such speeches.
Prime minister’s choice writes Brinda Karat
5. SPORTS
In the aftermath of the Phillip Hughes tragedy, many had wondered whether the short-pitched delivery had become a hazardous liability. Or whether it would make an appearance at all during the Tests.
Bouncebackability by Bharat Sundaresan

SAIL OFS commences at Rs 83/share; stock down over 2%SAIL OFS commences at Rs 83/share; stock down over 2%
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.33AM IST
0
Share More
At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading 1.23 per cent lower at Rs 84.30. The stock hit a low of Rs 83.50 and a high of Rs 84.70 in trade today.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) Ltd slipped as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Friday as the government launched its one-day offer-for-sale (OFS) at a floor price of Rs 83. The base price was set at a discount of about 2.75 per cent to Thursday's closing price of Rs 85.35 on the BSE .
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official.
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) today.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal, ET reported.
Of the total, Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake, added the report.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Swaralaya awards announcedUpdated: December 5, 2014 10:21 IST
Swaralaya awards announced
Hariprasad Chaurasia
Shivkumar Sharma
Shiv-Hari, the music director duo of Santoor player Shivkumar Sharma and flute maestro Hariprasad Chaurasia, have been chosen for this year’s Swaralaya Devarajan National Award for their contribution to the field of classical music.
Veteran playback singer L.R. Eswari is the recipient of the Swaralaya KPAC Sulochana Award, instituted to recognise the contribution of female artistes.
The winners were announced at a press meet held by former Cultural Affairs Minister M.A. Baby, who chaired the award jury this year.
Shiv-Hari will be presented with Rs.75,000 and a plaque, and Ms. Eswari will receive Rs.50,000 during an award ceremony in the capital city in January.
The award jury comprised Carnatic vocalist and music teacher K. Omanakutty, poet Prabha Varma, journalist and music critic Ravi Menon, and G. Sankar.
Composer and singer M. Jayachandran, who was present at the press conference, spoke of the commitment to classical music shown by Mr. Sharma and Mr. Chaurasia in their individual capacities and in collaboration with each other.
The fine work they had done over the decades they had been performing professionally consistently held on to the classical traditions even when they composed scores for Hindi films, he said.
The stunning repertoire of Lourde-Mary Rajeswari Eswari was also lauded. The singer is renowned for showcasing her vocal abilities in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada, Hindi, and English. From traditional songs to more upbeat film music, Ms. Eswari has made her mark in various genres, a press release from Swaralaya said. She has also produced several records of devotional music.
Swaralaya cultural organisation’s Kerala chapter chairman G. Rajmohan, general secretary E.M. Najeeb, and treasurer Thomas Phillip were present.

JPMorgan continues run as top ranked investment bankDec 05, 2014, 09.54 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
JPMorgan continues run as top ranked investment bank
In a ranking compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition, US banks dominated the top spots, with Goldman Sachs coming second. The only European bank to make the top three was Deutsche Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JPMorgan continues run as top ranked investment bank
In a ranking compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition, US banks dominated the top spots, with Goldman Sachs coming second. The only European bank to make the top three was Deutsche Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
US bank JPMorgan retained its crown as the top performing investment bank in the first nine months of the year, having made revenue of USD 17.1 billion in the year-to-date, new data showed on Friday.
In a ranking compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition, US banks dominated the top spots, with Goldman Sachs coming second.
The only European bank to make the top three was Deutsche Bank , which shared third place with Citigroup and Bank of America Merrill Lynch .
Coalition, which only reports revenue figures for the top-ranked banks, said that total investment bank revenue earned so far this year was 6 percent lower than a year earlier, driven largely by a downturn in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) divisions.
The top two investment banks in FICC - JPMorgan and Citi - have earned USD 8.9 billion this year from those divisions, compared to USD 10.1 billion in the same period last year, Coalition's data shows.
Most investment banks have seen trading revenues slump over the past year amid a low interest environment and tougher regulations requiring them to hold more capital, which have driven down returns.
Equities divisions have performed much better, with the top bank Morgan Stanley making revenue of USD 4.5 billion in the year-to-date, 15 percent more than the top bank did a year earlier. Last year's leaders JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs dropped to second.
Revenue at investment banking divisions, whose staff advise on deals, also rose. First-place JPMorgan's year-to-date revenue was USD 4.4 billion, almost 5 percent more than the Wall Street bank made by the same time last year.
Coalition tracks the performance of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays , BNP Paribas , Citi, Credit Suisse , Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and UBS - the 10 largest investment banks globally.
RELATED NEWS

SEBI bars 91 cos from markets for converting black money
CA Director Kasprowicz thanks India for understandingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Trader body calls Prez book deal  monopolistic
Sensex rises 35 points; consumer durables  capital goods stocks gainThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys on track for industry level growth by June 2016  Sikka says - CLSAThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Reliance Industries inks pact with Mexico s PemexThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

There is a government agency called serious fraud investigation office...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Why do your think the stock should trade at current levels please e...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Ap can blast any time. ..target 60 till december endCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sensex trading flat; US jobs data eyedSensex sheds 104 points; European shares rally ahead of US jobs data
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
Equity markets failed to hold on the early gains of the morning, with profit booking in the last half hour taking the Sensex down 104 points (0.37 per cent) to 28,458.10 and the Nifty down 26 points (0.3 per cent) to 8,538.30.
Mid-cap indices took a day-end beating, with the BSE index closing down 27 points (10,498.29) and the CNX mid-cap down nearly 69 points to 12,667.80.
All major sectoral indices also closed the last session of the week in the red, with FMCG and realty the only exceptions.
The biggest individual gainers on the NSE were DLF (up five per cent), Ambuja Cements (up over three per cent) and M&M (up 2.36 per cent). Dr Reddy’s (down 2.44 per cent), TechMahindra (2.42 per cent) and TCS (2.39 per cent) lost the most on Friday.
Volatility was pronounced on Friday, with the India Vix index down 3.98 per cent to 11.95.
Asian markets, on the other hand, ended the week on a high. Hang Seng moved up 170 points while the Shanghai Composite index was up nearly 40 points.
Global markets
European shares rebounded on Friday, recouping some of the sharp losses suffered in the previous session, as investors positioned for strong US jobs data which would underpin expectations about growth in the world's largest economy.
Asian shares drifted while the dollar marked time on Friday ahead of the key US jobs report later in the session that could help it retake ground lost to the euro overnight.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 per cent, on track for a weekly loss of 0.8 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei stock average slipped 0.2 per cent, but was on track for a weekly gain of more than 2 per cent.
Major Wall Street indexes inched down on Thursday, but the Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose to set a record intra-day high.
Brent crude slipped below $70 a barrel on Friday and was set for a second weekly fall, with Saudi Arabia cutting prices in another indication it would maintain output in an oversupplied market.
Gold was heading for its biggest weekly gain in nine months on Friday as a modest bounce in oil prices boosted the demand for the metal as an inflation-hedge, but investors were nervous ahead of a key US jobs report that could trigger sharp moves.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Militants attack army camp in Kashmir; six killedMilitants attack army camp in Kashmir; six killed
IANS | Srinagar Dec 05, 2014 10:18 AM IST
Six people, including two soldiers, were killed Friday in an ongoing gunfight between the security forces and separatist guerrillas in Jammu and Kashmir's Baramulla district, police said.
A senior police officer said two policemen and two militants were also killed in the gun battle near Uri border town.
"Two policemen - a head constable and a constable, two soldiers and two militants have been killed in this encounter which is still going on," a senior police officer said.
"Militants attacked a field ordnance camp of the army at Mohra (Uri) early today (Friday) morning," the officer told IANS here.
"A group of two to three militants are believed to have entered the camp where intense firing is going on," the officer added.
There are reports of a fire from the camp but fire tenders are unable to go inside because of the ongoing gun battle.

Indian politicians  SECRET wealth revealed!Photo uploaded by Kripa Parekh
on Dec 03, 2014 , 12:03 am
29212 Views  |  24  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Though the erstwhile scion of Gwalior and present BJP MP, Yashodhara Raje Scindia only has Rs 15,400 cash in her hand, she owns a dinner set worth over Rs 1.54 crore, according to the affidavit she filed in 2013.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images. http://goo.gl/9PHRYH
Though the erstwhile scion of Gwalior and present BJP MP, Yashodhara Raje Scindia only has Rs 15,400 cash in her hand, she owns a dinner set worth over Rs 1.54 crore, according to the affidavit she filed in 2013.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images. http://goo.gl/9PHRYH

Kotak deal shifts focus to bank consolidationStory
United we expand
The merger of Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank has brought back the focus on consolidation in the Indian banking sector.
Anand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
In the last one-and-a-half decade, there have been only a dozen bank mergers in India. But no deal involved two large banks; either two mid-sized banks would merge or one large lender acquire a much-smaller bank going through difficult times. For instance, state-run Oriental Bank of Commerce acquired Global Trust Bank in 2004 while HDFC Bank took over Centurion Bank of Punjab in 2008. The recent merger of Kotak Mahindra Bank , a new generation private-sector lender, and ING Vysya Bank, an old private-sector lender, follows the same pattern as both are of similar size. Like in previous occasions, the merger has revived talk of consolidation  in India's banking sector.
The merger has made Kotak Mahindra Bank the fourth-largest private-sector lender in the country, after ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank. Kotak has also taken a lead from YES Bank - both got the banking licence around the same time a decade ago - with a balance sheet of close to Rs 2,00,000 crore. YES Bank has total assets of Rs 1,09,016 crore. "The objective of this merger is growth," said Uday Kotak, Vice Chairman and MD of Kotak Mahindra Bank, while announcing the deal. The deal has helped Kotak meet his target of having 1,000 branches by 2016 earlier than planned. Also, the Kotak group, with interests in insurance, mutual fund and other financial services, will be able to better use the expanded branch network.
90
The number of commercial banks operating in India
Why are bank mergers in India so few and far between? "It is partly because of restrictions imposed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), especially on foreign banks, on M&As and also the public sector nature of the banking system," says the CEO of a private-sector bank who does not wish to be named. Today, state-run banks dominate the banking system with three-fourth market share in deposits and loans.
The number of commercial banks operating in the country has risen to 90 from 84 in 2005/06 thanks to the entry of some foreign lenders. In the past, foreign banks have shown interest in M&As but the RBI is not comfortable as these banks operate as a branch of their parent companies. The RBI has issued guidelines that allow foreign banks to operate or convert into wholly-owned subsidiaries of their parent companies in India, thereby opening the door for selective M&As .
RBI'S NEW APPROACH
Differentiated banking licence is the short answer
Banking licence to dedicated infrastructure institution IDFC
For the first time, a microfinance institution, Bandhan, has been granted a bank licence
New payment banking licence to retailors, banking correspondents, mobile players
Small bank licence to create strong regional players
Proponents of consolidation argue that there are too many banks in India. The counter-argument is that Brazil, another emerging-market economy, has more than 160 banks while the UK has more than 300 banks and the US has thousands of lenders. There can be no two opinions, however, that no Indian bank is of a global size. State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, has assets of about $300 billion. This is less than a tenth of the $3.2 trillion assets of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, the world's largest lender. The largest UK bank, HSBC, has assets of close to $2.8 trillion while the biggest US bank, JP Morgan, has assets of $2.5 trillion.
Clearly, the only way Indian banks can expand rapidly and reach global size is by M&As. Another problem of the Indian banking system is that after SBI there is a huge drop in size; ICICI Bank, the second-largest lender, is one-third the size of SBI in terms of total assets.
The Kotak-ING Vysya deal has sparked speculation that some other old private-sector banks could be the target of large lenders . Old private-sector lenders, including Dhanlaxmi Bank, Lakshmi Vilas Bank, Karur Vysya Bank, and South India Bank have a share of around five per cent in deposits and advances. So even if one large private bank acquires half a dozen such lenders, it won't create a meaningful size for the acquirer. C. Jayaram, Joint MD at Kotak Mahindra Bank, says consolidation has been talked about for a long time. "Hopefully, this [Kotak-ING merger] will set off some thinking both in the private as well as the public sector," he says
Old private banks could be M&A targets of big banks
In fact, for more than a decade, there has been talk of encouraging consolidation to create a few banks of the size of SBI. But there has been little action on the ground. The only exception being IDBI, which was allowed to acquire United Western Bank in 2006. SBI, too, had made some progress in merging with itself two subsidiaries - State Bank of Saurashtra and State Bank of Indore - but there are still five units left to be merged.
There are expectations from the new government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi that bank consolidation will gather steam. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in the Union Budget in July, talked about the government being open to suggestions for consolidation of state-run banks. But merging large state-run banks is easier said than done. There are legacy issues; staff too old to adapt, overlapping of branches and products, and resistance from employee unions, among others.
There are some who question the merits of consolidation. The size and scale shouldn't be the sole criterion for M&As, and customers should be the focus of banking services. They say the RBI's differentiated licencing is the way forward. The RBI's decision to grant bank licences to infrastructure lender IDFC and Bandhan Financial, a microfinance institution, and the intention to set up payment banks and small banks will take banking services to a whole new customer set. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan also recently cautioned on merging weak banks. "If two unhealthy banks were merged, then the created entity will also be unhealthy and could create a bigger problem in the economy," he said.

Obama praises Modi for shaking  bureaucratic inertiaUS President Barack Obama praises PM Modi for shaking India's 'bureaucratic inertia'
PTI Dec 4, 2014, 09.28AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Last month in Myanmar on…)
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama today praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi's efforts to shake up the "bureaucratic inertia" in India, less than a month after he described the Indian leader as a "man of action".
However, Obama said that this was a long-term project and one would have to see how successful Prime Minister Modi is in his efforts.
"Modi has impressed me so far with his willingness to shake up the bureaucratic inertia inside of India. But that is a long-term project and we'll have to see how successful he is," Obama told a business roundtable, which was attended by top corporate leaders of the country.
The roundtable was organised to discuss the current economic condition of the US and across the globe.
Last month in Myanmar on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit , Obama in his brief interaction with Modi had told him that he is a "man of action".
On his return from the 10-day trip to the Asia Pacific region that took him to Beijing , Myanmar and Australia, Obama announced that he has accepted an invitation to be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day Parade in New Delhi on January 26 next year.
In his interaction at the business round table, Obama said the US, over the last six years, has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and the rest of the advanced world combined.
The growth of emerging markets have been slower than anticipated, he noted.
"The overall global picture is people continue to look to America for economic leadership. We need some other engines to be pulling the global economy along and we're pursuing diplomatic policies and consultations to try to encourage that," Obama said.
The United States stands out as an economy that is going strong at the moment, he said, adding that is not the case with other countries of the world.
"Japan is contracting in a way that has surprised many analysts and I know surprised Prime Minister Abe. He's got new elections. There's a delay in the consumption tax, the second phase of it, that was slated to go into effect. They're pursuing fairly aggressive monetary policy," Obama said.
"But I don't know whether they're going to be able to pull out of the current variation on what's been a pretty long-term slump any time soon, and they've still got some debt overhang that they've got to address," he said.
Obama pointed out that in Europe, the debate has generally been framed as austerity and prudence promoted by the Germans versus a desire for a looser set of fiscal policies among the southern countries.
"If you look, the truth is, is that Spain, France, to a lesser extent Italy -- most of the big countries in the south have been engaging in some pretty serious structural reforms. They haven't done everything that they need to do in terms of providing labour flexibility, for example, but they are making strides in addressing many of those issues," Obama said.
"But right now, what you've got is an environment in which the dangers of deflation and really weak demand in Europe chronically, over a long period of time, I think are more significant than dangers of overheating economies and inflation in the European Union," he said.
China, he noted, is trying to shift away from a model that was entirely export driven to a model that recognises they need stronger demand inside the country.
"And they've got a nascent, but growing middle class starting to have enough confidence to spend some money," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi s foreign trips promote cooperation: Sushma SwarajLok Sabha
(Making a suo motu statement…)
NEW DELHI: The government has moved with "rarely seen" speed and resolve to rebuild India's partnerships across the world, setting new milestones, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said today.
Making a suo motu statement in the Lok Sabha , she said Prime Minister Narendra Modi's foreign visits have advanced the pursuit of a secure and stable environment that India needs to accomplish its development goals.
These visits will contribute in a significant measure to the mission of accelerating economic growth, boosting investment, creating jobs and transforming the quality of life of our people, she said in a statement on the recent trips of Modi to the US, Myanmar, Australia, Fiji and Nepal.
Swaraj gave details of the engagements and outcome of these visits along with foreign policy engagement ever since the NDA government came to power in May.
"In the past six months, we have moved with speed and resolve, rarely seen in Indian external engagement, to rebuild our partnerships across the world," she said.
The government has "set new milestones and reached new frontiers in India's foreign policy. The global response has been just as unparalleled," the Foreign Minister said.
Giving an overview of the recent developments in India's foreign policy, she said, "In the last few months, Prime Minister has laid out a clear vision of India's role and place in the world; signalled willingness to assume leadership expected from the world's largest democracy; and demonstrated ability to turn commitments into action and convert opportunities into outcomes."
Swaraj said the Modi government has revived important relationships that have "long suffered from neglect" and "we have shown our will to speak clearly on our security interests and defend them robustly. Our pursuit of global aspirations has been accompanied by global engagement."
She noted that during the past few months, Modi had met around 45 international leaders from every continent.
"Prime Minister has consistently advocated a proactive and innovative approach to foreign policy that is aligned with our government's primary goal of accelerating national economic development.
"India needs access to capital, technology, resources, energy, markets and skills; a secure environment, a peaceful neighbourhood and a stable world; and an open and stable global trading system," the External Affairs Minister said.
Talking about Modi's visit to the US, she said the government's engagement with that country "helped secure" India's interests on food security in the WTO and advance the negotiations on the Doha Development Round of WTO.
"This initiative has contributed to strengthening the global trading regime, which is of direct interest to India, without any way diluting our fundamental obligation to protect the interests of our poor," Swaraj said.
She said that at the heart of the Prime Minister's engagements abroad has been efforts to promote cooperation on skill development, advance medical research for diseases, like the agreement on research for malaria and TB with the US.
About the region, she said Modi's strong belief in a shared future of India's neighbourhood reflected in several concrete steps like participation of leaders from neighbouring countries at the swearing in ceremony on May 26, his choice of Bhutan as his first foreign destination, and his visit to Nepal, "which was sadly, the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister in 17 years to our closest neighbour".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama administration to focus next 2 yrs on India-US trade ties: US officialChina
(The top Treasury official…)
WASHINGTON: Over the next two years, the Obama Administration would focus significantly on India-US economic and financial partnership and support the reform effort of the Indian government , a US official has said.
Describing this as "a win-win" proposition, the official said, the partnership would also encourage greater opening of India's economy to US firms and improving the climate for US investment in the country.
"Over the next two years, we plan to focus significant attention on the US-India Economic and Financial Partnership - the US Treasury's main vehicle to engage on economic issues with India.
"Through this Partnership, we will support India in its growth and reform efforts and encourage the greater opening of India's economy to US firms," Treasury Undersecretary Nathan Sheets said.
"This is, again, a "win-win" proposition," Sheets said. "We can create new growth and employment opportunities in the United States by further opening this growing market for US exports, improving the climate for US investment in India, and levelling the playing field for US companies," he said.
"For India, faster growth, deeper financial markets, and greater openness to trade and foreign investment promise to raise incomes, reduce poverty, and bring many more Indians into the global middle class," he added.
The top Treasury official said the US has an important window of opportunity to deepen its economic engagement with India.
"India and its people share with the United States an entrepreneurial spirit, a commitment to a vibrant private sector, and a record of economic growth built largely on domestic demand," Sheets said.
He said one of the top priority of the Obama Administration is engagement with the world economy's emerging giants, notably China and India in Asia, as well as Mexico and Brazil in Latin America.
"We are committed over the next two years to finding ways to continue to strengthen our bilateral relationship with China - such as by advancing negotiations on a high-standard bilateral investment treaty - and to work together in multilateral settings," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Red wine can prevent head  neck cancerBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New York |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:04 am
Researchers have found that a compound known as resveratrol in red wine and grape skin may prevent head and neck cancer.
Alcohol bombards our genes. The body has ways to repair this cell damage but with enough alcohol, some cells become dangerous.
“Resveratrol challenges these cells – the ones with unrepaired DNA damage are killed so they cannot go on to cause cancer. Alcohol damages cells and resveratrol kills damaged cells,” said Robert Sclafani, investigator at University of Colorado’s cancer centre.
The body metabolises alcohol by converting it first to acetyl aldehyde and then the body uses aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) to further convert it to acetic acid which is excreted.
The partially processed state of alcohol, acetyl aldehyde, is a carcinogen and produces “cross links” in DNA.
With enough alcohol, the body can get behind and end up with a backlog of acetyl aldehyde.
“Increased exposure to alcohol, loss of the ALDH gene that helps the body process alcohol, and loss of the ability to repair DNA cross links all result in increased cancer risk,” Sclafani said.
In red wine, resveratrol blocks the cancer-causing effect of alcohol.
“Resveratrol takes out the cells with the most damage – the cells that have the highest probability of being able to cause cancer,” he said.
Resveratrol, however, is not a magic bullet that can completely undo the cancer-causing effects of alcohol.
“But by killing the most dangerous cells, it may decrease the probability that alcohol use will cause cancer,” Sclafani added.

Female IIT-B graduate in top 3 recruits with Rs 1.4 cr Facebook offerFacebook
(Two of the five students…)
MUMBAI: One of the three students who bagged the highest package of Rs 1.42 crore each offered by Facebook at the premier IIT-B on the first day of the placement season is a woman. In fact, two of the five students hired by the social networking giant this year from the campus, including those hired during the pre-placement process, are women. At Kharagpur, too, a woman is among the three IITians who got the top deals.
Most students who bagged premium packages this year are into coding. Students from the computer science department usually bag the top offers; however, the number of women in this department are always less.
"This is the main reason why fewer women manage to get the top deal. This year, there are only five women in the batch and most of us have managed to get a good deal," said Deepali Adlakha, who got a position in San Francisco. "I did a lot of coding in the last few months which helped me bag the offer of my choice," she added.
Shree Meghana Thotakuri, who bagged an offer from Google , will also get a base package of Rs 65 lakh, similar to that of Facebook, besides a joining bonus and other benefits.
However, the variable component of the latter is higher than the rest of the leading firms, said a placement co-ordinator at IIT-B.
At IIT-B, along with Adlakha, Ved Ratn Dixit and Rohan Das got the highest offers, also from Facebook. Two others, Aastha Agarwal and Rahul Singhal, got the same package, but as pre-placement offers. The firm offered the highest package of Rs 1.42 crore this year at the IITs, of which over 50% is one-time incentive and stock benefits (variable component). However, the base pay for most coding profiles offered by leading firms was almost the same for international positions - Rs 65 lakh. Visa Inc took around 28 students from IIT-B, the highest. Goldman Sachs hired 11 students from the campus.
Dixit, who also got the Facebook offer, is placed in California. "The highest offer does not mean much as we go by the base salary offered. It is more important for me to get into a company that I always wanted to work with." The leading firms which hired from IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi were similar to those at IIT-B. At IIT-Delhi, two students were hired by Facebook. Samsung Korea offered the second highest overall package (Rs 93 lakh).
More offers poured in on the first two days of placements at IITs this year, compared to last year. At IIT-Madras, the numbers went up from last year's 95 on day one to 158 this year, claimed placement co-ordinator Babu Vishwanathan. The highest offer made at Madras was around Rs 80 lakh. Facebook did not visit IIT-Madras campus this year.
Punj Rajan from IIT-Kharagpur said the placements this year looked very promising even as 350 companies registered, much higher than last year. At IIT-Roorkee, four students bagged international offers, from Google, Oracle and Microsoft , claimed co-ordinator Kunal Punjabi. "Software companies have gone up and some start-ups which did not come to the campus last year are also hiring from our campus," he added.
At IIT-B, the number of day one offers went up from 182 to 215 this year, including pre-placement offers. By the end of the second day, the number of offers made by close to 70 companies was estimated to be around 350. On day two, Oracle, Amazon, Cisco, Samsung India, Yahoo Japan, were some of the companies which visited the campus. Most of the e-commerce firms and start-ups are lined up on Wednesday. The third day will also see more core engineering firms visiting the campus, said placement co-ordinator Mohak Mehta.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Over 10% of IIT graduates likely to join startups this yearCodeNation
("Students rate these companies…)
MUMBAI: At least one in every 9 students graduating from the 2015 batch across IITs is likely to join an ecomm firm/startup.
Data collated on Tuesday (day 2 of placement season) from prominent recruiters as well as campus placement cells at many IITs suggests that ecommerce firms/startups will roll out a minimum of 1,000-1,200 offers during the next 3-4 months of placements.
About 9,000 students will graduate out of 16 IITs this year.
Four big players — Flipkart (200-220), Ola-Cabs (200), Snapdeal (100-plus) and Housing.com (100-150) — alone will make around 670 offers at IIT campuses. These four companies hired only 213 grads last year — a 215% increase this year.Acombination of the hectic startup activity — an estimated 800 ventures launched every year — and billions of dollars pumped into consumer Internet ventures from big names like Tiger Global and SoftBank have contributed to this huge surge in hiring.
"Our growth plans are so aggressive that we need top talent to drive growth. Our hiring plans are a function of the pace at which we are growing," said Saurabh Nigam, VP-HR, Snapdeal.
Snapdeal has quadrupled its hiring targets from the IITs this year.
Ola is visiting the IITs at Delhi , Kanpur, Madras and Bombay and plans a 10-fold hiring increase from year last. "We are expanding aggressively into newer cities and going deeper in cities we are already present.
Continuous influx of great talent can help us grow faster and smarter," Anand Subramanian, director - marketing communication, said.
Several other startups, including CodeNation , TaxiForSure , Indus Insights, LimeRoad, Knowlarity Communications, Fuzzy Logix, Vizury and BrowserStack among others, are planning to hire anywhere between 10 and 50 students each across IITs. "Students are excited by these companies, for their work culture, the independence and even the compensation structure," says Parth Vaswani, overall placement coordinator, IITKanpur.
"For many, they probably rank right behind the software sector in terms of the pecking order," he says.
Several of these companies also recruit for IT-software roles.
Vaswani expects at least 150 such offers this year compared to 60-odd last year.
At IIT-Bombay, around 60-70 companies -- almost 20% of the total that have signed up so far --fall in the ecommerce/startup bracket.
Students rate these companies highly, which is why several of them get slotted in the first few days of campus placement, Mohak Mehta, BTech student representative for IIT-Bombay said.
Across IITs, these ecommerce/startup companies are hiring across a variety of roles for salaries that range between Rs 10-18 lakh, going up to a maximum of Rs 24 lakh from the likes of Code-Nation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Changing a term in Insurance Bill may help pass itModi government determined to get Insurance Bill passed, may give in to opposition demands of raising overseas investment limit
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 01.46AM IST
Tags:
Foreign Direct Investment
(This (FII) will only come…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government is determined to get the long pending Insurance Bill passed in the winter session of Parliament and may even, as a last resort, concede an Opposition demand for riders to be put in place in the legislation aimed at raising the limit on overseas investment in the sector to 49% from 26%.
To be sure, most members of the select committee that met on Wednesday for a clause-by-clause discussion on the Bill have agreed to a composite cap of 49%, but this could still be reconsidered to take all Opposition parties on board, a senior government official told ET.
Some members want this to be limited specifically to foreign direct investment (FDI), which means only insurers would be allowed in, the worry being that portfolio investment flows would be volatile.
The government could drop the controversial 'foreign investment' clause and replace it with 'FDI' to get the Bill passed.
"This can be looked at as a measure of abundant caution," the official said.
In its present form, the Bill seeks to allow overseas investments both in the form of FDI and foreign institutional investment (FII) amounting to 49% in the insurance sector.A senior executive at a private life insurer said a composite limit was preferable, since restricting this to FDI would make the sector less attractive."
The government should not bind itself with only increasing the foreign investment cap through FDI route.
There should be a composite cap on the foreign investment giving profitable insurers the avenue to tap capital markets ," he said-.This point was addressed by another government official, who's aware of the deliberations."
This (FII) will only come into play when insurers start approaching markets. So far there hasn't been any progress on that front. So this can wait," he said.
Asection of the government also holds the view that an agreement on increasing the limit only through the FDI route may be revisited at a later stage, gaining from the experience of opening up the sector.The government had set up a select committee under BJP MP Chandan Mitra to review the insurance amendment Bill, whose deadline was extended to December 12.
The panel is expected to give its report before that. A FDI cap of 49% will ensure that only longterm money flows into the insurance sector, and address the concerns of some members that 'hot money' through the FII route may impact the life savings of customers. Two members of the select committee told ET that the government has agreed to consider their suggestion that only FDI should be allowed in the sector.
"We are dead against any foreign portfolio investment," he added.Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his July budget speech that insurance was investmentstarved and several segments of the sector need to expand.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi government shelves anti-tobacco billAnanth Kumar
(“The tobacco growing…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government has shelved the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Amendment) Bill — which had sought to tighten restrictions on cigarette sales — due to the adverse impact it would have on tobacco growing farmers of Andhra Pradesh and areca nut growers of Karnataka.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu held a meeting on Wednesday with Health Minister JP Nadda, Chemicals and Fertiliser Minister Ananth Kumar , MoS for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman , MoS for Agriculture Mohanbhai Kundariya and some MPs from Andhra and Karnataka to discuss the issue.
The outcome of the meeting was that the bill would not be introduced till farmers shifted to alternative crops. Since this was unlikely to happen in the near future, the bill had been indefinitely shelved, as per people aware of the matter.
"The tobacco growing farmers have requested that without providing a suitable alternative crop they should not be deprived of their livelihood," Naidu said. He later discussed the issue with Agriculture Minister RM Singh and told him since farmers in many parts of India are dependent on these two cash crops, they should not be penalised by introducing "drastic measures" till suitable alternative cash crops to replace tobacco and areca nut are found.
The government appeared inclined to go ahead with the anti-smoking legislation as recently as November 25. It had accepted the recommendation of an expert panel to ban the sale of loose cigarettes and moved a Cabinet note to amend the anti-tobacco law, Nadda had informed the Rajya Sabha on that day, sending tobacco stocks tumbling with the country's largest cigarette maker ITC closing 5% down.
In the meeting on Wednesday, Naidu referred to representations from tobacco and areca nut growers in AP and Karnataka respectively arguing that the proposed amendments to the COTPA Act, 2003, would adversely impact their livelihood. The farmers said stricter tobacco control laws will force them to stop cultivation of tobacco.
In the meeting, it was also pointed out the proposed amendments to COTPA, 2003, will only result in shift in consumption from cigarettes to other cheaper tobacco products like bidis. India is the second largest tobacco producer in the world. Further, tobacco exports generates `6,000 crore worth of foreign exchange annually.
The areca-nut growers of Karnataka have also demanded a relook at the proposed amendment to COTPA, 2003, on the grounds that areca nut, along with betel, is an integral part of Indian tradition and is being widely used since ancient times in religious activities, marriage functions and festivals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Getting into language row all too often in ParliamentGetting into language row all too often
Nistula Hebbar, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.08AM IST
Tags:
Lok Sabha
(Semantics, in a House of…)
NEW DELHI: Semantics, in a House of debate can be everything, as minister of state for food processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyothi is finding out to her cost. Even as the Parliament remained jammed for a second day in a row over her rather offensive speech during a public meeting in Delhi on Monday, she can draw heart from the fact that it doesn't take much to be on the wrong side of the parliamentary thesaurus. According to the booklet of Parliamentary expressions brought out by the Lok Sabha, to be used by parliamentary reporters while taking down the proceedings, even phrases like "Burger King" and "dipstick" and "face saving" can be termed unparliamentary.
While there is no doubt that Sadhvi Niranjan Jyothi's speech was uncontravertibly offensive, the booklet put out by the Lok Sabha (version 2011) is a fascinating collection of words which have at some point or the other been deemed unparliamentary. These words have been drawn not just from the debates in the Indian Parliament but also from across the democratic world. A large number of the entries are from Australia, where the state legislatures in fact are given to very colourful expressions, which make even innocuous words like "Dill" (a rather bland spice) offensive. An example of this is from the Queensland assembly in June 2009, where a member hectored the state government thus: "Is he in charge or is the dill next to him still in charge?" needless to say the heat of the exchange ensured that even bland little "Dill" was expunged from the proceedings.
"The biggest challenge is the fact that language is constantly evolving and new expressions have to be understood and accommodated, or expunged, if offensive. In this case the Speaker's discretion is the most important," said P D T Achary former secretary general of the Lok Sabha. "In most cases," he adds, "normative view is taken. For example to say that someone is a liar is unparliamentary, while you can say that the member spoke an untruth."
Such sophistry however is unlikely to save the minister from the current contretemps, questioning someone's parentage is offensive in every language and form.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Regional parties to unite to form  Samajwadi Janata DalBJP
(5 parties which were once…)
NEW DELHI: Five regional parties which were once part of the ruling Janata Dal of 1990 will resolve to merge and form a single party, tentatively called the Samajwadi Janata Dal , at a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. The five parties are Mulayam Singh's SP , Lalu Prasad's RJD , Om Prakash Chautala's INLD, Nitish Kumar's JD(U) and Deve Gowda's JD(S).
Leaders of these parties will meet in New Delhi on Thursday, where they will pass a resolution announcing their resolve to merge into a single political entity and set a time-table to complete the formalities at the earliest. Mulayam is likely to be the leader of the new party, with Sharad, Nitish, Abhay Chautala and Gowda likely to be given important responsibilities.
Ajit Singh's RLD, however, is expected to stay out of the latest experiment due to his unresolved differences with Chautala's party over the leadership of Jat politics. BJD, another splinter party of the Janata Parivar will also not be part of this latest unity experiment of the Socialists.
Following BJP's victory in the respective strongholds of these parties, they had recently decided work as a group against BJP . After the formation of the new party, the leaders are expected to announce an agitation against the Modi government and will call upon for the larger unity of all like-minded opposition parties, including the Congress, Trinamool and Left parties. The merged party will be the second largest opposition bloc after Congress in the Rajya Sabha .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opposition brings House to halt again as PM Modi heads to RSOpposition brings House to halt again as PM Narendra Modi heads to Rajya Sabha
ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.04AM IST
Tags:
M Venkaiah Naidu
(Opposition parties held…)
NEW DELHI: A united opposition did not allow the Rajya Sabha to conduct any business on the second straight day on Wednesday as it vociferously demanded that Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Niranjan Jyoti be sacked for her controversial remarks, leading to worries in the government that crucial bills may get stuck if the deadlock continues.
Congress, TMC and SP trooped into the well of the Upper House and shouted slogans demanding the removal of Jyoti for saying at a public meeting that the people should choose whether 'sons of Ram' or 'illegitimate sons' should form the government in Delhi.
The House was adjourned several times before adjourning for the day without transacting any business. Opposition parties held meetings in the lobby of the Rajya Sabha to act in unison and not allow any business. Congress sources said the Opposition would continue to disrupt proceedings in the Upper House - where the ruling NDA is in a minority - in the coming days.
All eyes are now on what happens in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday as PM will be present in the House. Opposition has been demanding that he too should apologise for the minister's remarks. Jyoti has already expressed regret in both Houses.
"All the legislative agenda of this government will go for a toss," a senior Congress leader said.
BJP leaders maintained that Congress and TMC leaders have got away without tendering any apology in the past for unparliamentary remarks.
"UPA Minister Beni Prasad Verma had called Narendra Modi a murderer earlier this year (April 20). He refused to apologise and then PM Manmohan Singh apologized on his behalf," Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After Pepsi & ITC  Balaji Wafers to now challenge McCainAfter PepsiCo's Lays and ITC's Bingo, Balaji Wafers to now challenge McCain India in the potato snack segment
Shramana Ganguly, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Balaji Wafers
(Neel Kotak, MD and CEO at…)
AHMEDABAD: Balaji, one of the largest regional potato wafers and snacks brand, will soon foray into French fries and other frozen potato specialty products, a top company official said.
"Our French fries plant would be ready by May 2015," said Chandu Virani, MD of Balaji Wafers . Currently, McCain Foods (India), a wholly-owned subsidiary of its Canadian parent, rules the potato specialty market with frozen products such as French fries, aloo tikka, McCain Smiles and McCain Potato Cheese Shotz.
Balaji will enter this space through Iscon Balaji Foods , which currently manufactures ready-to-cook potato flakes. The firm, which has a strong backend supply of potatoes, will manufacture french fries near Ahmedabad. "French fries is future... everyone is eating that," said Virani who recently visited machinery manufacturers in Germany for the new project costing about Rs 50 crore.
Neel Kotak, MD and CEO at Iscon Balaji, said, "We will have a number of potato speciality products, including Indianised innovations to compliment french fries."
While french fries plant would be up and running by May, other products would be launched by October. The products would be made available for quick service restaurants and institutional buyers, apart from selling directly to consumers at organised retail stores.
Balaji, which withstood competition from PepsiCo's Lays and ITC's Bingo in the Rs 3,000-crore Indian potato wafers market, plans to enter the capital market next year by offloading about 10% stake and raise about Rs 400 crore.
The Rajkot-based company earlier this year shelved plans of a stake sale after talks with private equity funds broke down due to valuation differences. A person familiar with the negotiations said, "They (the PE) reworked on initial valuations by EY (Rs 4,000 crore) and brought it to Rs 3,650 crore and finally, quoted afigure of Rs 2,600 crore."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mediterranean diet your ticket to healthy ageingMediterranean diet your ticket to healthy ageing
By IANS | 3 Dec, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Researchers have found that women who eat a Mediterranean diet can keep age-related diseases at bay and live longer than others.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Researchers have found that women who eat a Mediterranean diet can keep age-related diseases at bay and live longer than others.
The Mediterranean diet is rich in fruits, vegetables, fish, legumes and heart-healthy fats and greater adherence to such a diet is associated with longer telomeres, the biomarkers of ageing, the findings showed.
"To our knowledge this is the largest population-based study specifically addressing the association between Mediterranean diet adherence and telomere length in healthy, middle-aged women," said Immaculata De Vivo, an associate professor at the Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH) in the US.
Telomeres are repetitive DNA sequences at the ends of chromosomes that get shorter every time a cell divides.
Shorter telomeres have been associated with decreased life-expectancy and increased risk of ageing-related disease, while longer telomeres have been linked with longevity.
"Our results further support the benefits of adherence to this diet to promote health and longevity," De Vivo added.
The study involved 4,676 disease-free women.
The researchers found that a greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and even small changes in diet, were associated with longer telomeres.

Akshay Kumar  Rana launch Baby trailer with beauties Tapsee  Madhurimaentertainment
Akshay Kumar, Rana  launch ‘Baby’ trailer with beauties Tapsee, Madhurima
Bollywood's Khiladi Akshay Kumar launched the trailer of his much-awaited film, ‘Baby’ along with co-stars Rana Daggubati, Tapsee Pannu and Madhurima Tuli on Wednesday (December 3) in Mumbai. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Akshay Kumar was his macho self at the launch in full black attire. “Wait 4 the #BabyTrailer finally ends!Have a look & do let me know ur thoughts coz #Baby is very close to my heart,” tweeted the actor. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actor gave us a peek at his tattoo bearing his son ‘Aarav’s name. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Telugu actor Rana Daggubati, who was seen in ‘Dum Maaro Dum’, strikes a pose along with actress Tapsee Pannu who is also a part of ‘Baby’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Kay Kay Menon, who plays a baddie in the movie, was smart in a crisp white shirt and denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Former TV actress Madhurima Tuli, who plays Akshay’s wife in the film, cut a slim figure in a white bodycon dress. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Veteran actor Danny Denzongpa was suave in a suit. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Tapsee Pannu, seen here with actress Madhurima Tuli, plays a pivotal role in ‘Baby’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Akshay Kumar catches up with producer Bhushan Kumar. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Filmmaker Neeraj Pandey, who has earlier directed films like ‘Special 26’ and ‘A Wednesday’, joins Akshay and Bhushan on stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The ‘Baby’ team: Kay Kay Menon, Danny Denzongpa, Tapsee Pannu, Madhurima Tuli, Rana Daggubati and Akshay Kumar. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Akshay Kumar later posted on Twitter after the trailer launch. “A great night at the #BabyTrailer launch! Thanks to the media for sharing in on the excitement!!” (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Sharp drop in gossip from anonymous Lutyens accounts(The only notable tweet of…)
NEW DELHI: Sample these:
A very senior minister has met an astrologer and he's been told he will be PM in three years
There were a few secret meetings between Modi's ministers
A senior Sangh/BJP leader was in a bit of a hot water because the parivar apparently wasn't thrilled that he was spotted drinking champagne at an upscale Delhi establishment
How familiar is BJP chief Amit Shah with Hanuman Chalisa and the Art of War
There's a little-publicised group of economists the PM seeks out for advice on policy
A frontrunner for a PMO job lost out as he was a kleptomaniac
A minister did several pujas before the Cabinet reshuffle
There's a spendthrift, foreign visits-addicted chief minister who has a big corporate friend When
Arvind Kejriwal was going for his latest vipasana session, he met some Cong leaders...
These are tweets, peddling political gossip about VVIPs.
The tweets are among 500-odd posts that came from four Twitter handles which are about a month old: @RealLutyens, @LutyensSpice, @LutyensInsider and @LutyensMasala.
Is the political establishment contemptuously ignoring these Twitter gossipmongers? Not quite. The establishment is starting to take note of these gossipy tweets — and, interestingly, the volume of tweets from the four 'Lutyens' handles have come down sharply of late.
@RealLutyens, @LutyensSpice and @LutyensInsider are posting in dribbles instead of in volumes. RealLutyens has posted just about five tweets in the past week, and the nature of the gossip has changed — from VVIPs to hacks and generalised stuff about parties.
The only notable tweet of RealLutyens in the past few days was the one about the minister and the astrologer. Lutyens-Spice has not tweeted anything ever since it posted on November 19 that it is taking a break from Twitter because of "pressure from agencies". Before that day, its tweets ranged on subjects from Shah's health to intra-PMO politics to "paranoia" in Rajnath Singh and Sushma Swaraj "camps".
Similarly, it's been almost 10 days since LutyensInsider, known for posting Congress and AAP-related content, tweeted. The appearance of these political gossip-peddling Twitter handles could be explained partly by supply meeting demand in a gossip-starved Capital, which now hosts a confident government that keeps tight control on authorised information flow and an even tighter control on "leaks".
But what explains the sudden drop in gossipy tweets? One account said "pressure from agencies". But senior officials of the Intelligence Bureau told ET these gossip handles are not being investigated.
Political parties ET spoke to lambasted these tweeters but also said they haven't asked for any action.
A senior member of BJP's information technology cell, who didn't want to be identified, said these accounts are being monitored because of their "mischief potential". "They are targetting our party... social media is important," he said.
This IT specialist said the party "can't do anything about these Twitter handles" but that "it's closely watching them".
Shahnawaz Hussain, BJP leader, said Twitter must come up with a mechanism to monitor "these handles that tweet defamatory gossip without any credibility". "They are using lies to bring down the reputation of leaders. This is not right," Hussain said.
BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said, "It's pretty clear some of these handles are operating with an agenda, to defame politicians who are doing good work." Congress' Manish Tewari was more critical.
"These are basement sweatshops manipulating social media under the cover of privacy.
Many of them are malicious and even subversive to national security.
Since the servers are elsewhere, you don't even know if the tweets are being posted from a country where there are no laws for virtual defamation." Twitter very rarely practices censorship, and it doesn't have an automated process to block and remove accounts.
Requests for blocking a handle go into a queue that moves slowly. Twitter officials, ET has learnt, have received a large number of requests for action against these accounts. The company's official response, when contacted for this report, was: "We don't comment on individual accounts."
In a written reply on Wednesday to a parliamentary question, Communications & IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said 45 cases have been registered against fake/duplicate social media accounts.
He also said the cyberspace is "borderless and anonymous". That's a problem for regulators. Breaking down the anonymity barrier in Twitter is almost an impossible undertaking for most.
How credible are these gossip tweets? There is no truth standard in Twitter, these and other similar tweets are assessed only by the fuzzy word-of-mouth verdicts in Delhi's incestuous politicalmedia circles.

Why Jayant Sinha is mistaken about the benefits of Inheritance taxWhy Jayant Sinha is mistaken about the benefits of reinstating Inheritance tax
LUBNA KABLY, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 08.28AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(By not re-introducing estate…)
A hint of the possibility of the reintroduction of estate tax has sent ripples of alarm among the upper echelons of society. The very thought of their heirs being saddled with such a tax is unpalatable. When our newly inducted minister of state for finance Jayant Sinha aired his views in a public forum that estate tax - also referred to as an inheritance tax - will take away at least some of the advantage that dynastic business people have right now and help in levelling the playing field, it was bound to cause more than just anxiety.
Even a tweet from Sinha hasn't helped much. On November 11, in a twitter-reply to a concerned taxpayer he said, "Relax, any inheritance tax would only apply to very large inheritances - say over Rs 25 crore."
Perhaps, 'relax' is not the right word to use here - not when our business scene is dominated by family-run enterprises. According to the CII, nearly 95 per cent of all Indian companies are family-run. About half of the 30 companies on the BSE Sensex are controlled by their founding families. Moreover, it appears that the gross output of these businesses accounts for 90 per cent of India's industrial output, 79 per cent of organised private sector employment, and 27 per cent of overall employment, superseded only by the government and PSUs.
Perhaps our young Harvard-educated minister has drawn a leaf from the estate tax regime in the US. Here a graded system prevails, with the highest rate of estate tax being 40 per cent. However, the threshold of exemption is high. An exemption is available of $5 million (indexed each passing year for inflation - it was $ 5.25 million - translated into Rs 30 crore for 2013). However, any attempt to follow suit could be counter-productive.
India abolished the archaic and draconian Estate Duty Act, 1953 in 1985. It was a complex piece of law with different valuation rules for different assets resulting in endless bouts of litigation. The estate tax was payable by the executors of the estate of a deceased. Inheritance exceeding Rs 20 lakh attracted the highest rate of 85 per cent.
India is not alone in having abolished estate tax. Several developed countries including Australia, Austria, Sweden and Singapore have chosen to abolish it. Sinha points out at the dynasty regime in business houses. But in this globally-competitive arena Generation Next has to toil hard to keep the business running and successful. As pointed out earlier, a large chunk of Indian businesses are family-run. Yet not all may be rich in terms of liquid cash. Having to divest assets to pay off heavy estate tax would be counter-productive.
Further, re-introduction of estate tax could prompt many to lose interest in India's growth, with a flight of capital to more friendly regimes, be it Singapore or Dubai. Worse, an estate tax may boost black money transactions. Surely, this government cannot afford to lose the battle against black money?
In the absence of estate tax, entrepreneurs are motivated to earn more, inherited wealth helps the next generation to be more productive, explore new markets, set up new business ventures. Business entities meeting certain financial criteria already contribute towards the mandatory CSR contribution. High networth individuals pay the super-rich income tax rate (they bear a 10 per cent surcharge), which has not been abolished and may continue.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has said that he isn't in favour of burdening the salaried and middle classes with more taxes, but would rather go after the evaders in widening the tax net. This is good news for many. At the same time, any idea to impose a new tax on the rich or super-rich must be finalised bearing in mind long-term implications.
By not re-introducing estate tax, India can pitch to overseas high networth individuals of Indian origin to return and invest in India. 'Make in India' needs a push, not estate tax. Is our FM listening?
(For a counterview, read FirstBiz's 'Inheritance tax: Jayant Sinha is bang on, but that's only half work done' at goo.glorkBF2 )
FEATURED ARTICLES

The next big climate question: Will India follow China(One critical question now…)
By Michael Greenstone
For more than 20 years, international climate talks have been dominated by a schism between those who created the problem of climate change (largely the United States and nations of the European Union) and those who would greatly contribute to it moving forward (largely China and India). But as climate negotiators meet in Lima, Peru, this week and next, and news reports are full of gloomy predictions that the negotiations will produce little, there are increasing signs that this stalemate may have been broken. This emerging shift is due in large part to China and its decision to break ranks and join the United States in making commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
One critical question now is whether India - the country that has stood by China's side in climate talks and is now the world's third-largest emitter - will follow suit in a meaningful way at the Lima negotiations. And there seems to be a surprisingly high chance that India will.
China and India share a common domestic problem - one that has motivated China's leaders to act, and could motivate India's. That is, the fossil fuels that cause climate change also produce local air pollution. This has risen to deadly levels, with all of the Chinese and Indian cities that the World Health Organization monitors for air pollution failing the organization's test for acceptable levels of airborne particulate, widely believed to be the most dangerous air pollutant for human health. More than half of these cities also fail their own countries' particulates standards.
This pollution shortens lives and, in the process, undermines the economic growth emerging economies urgently need, as I and other researchers concluded in a recent study. Comparing China's pollution in the north - where it's worse, because of subsidies for coal heating in the winter - with the south, we found the north experienced reductions in life spans of about five years. That means people living in northern China are losing many billions of years of life expectancy because of heavy pollution. Keep in mind that southern China also has high pollution levels, which very likely reduces life spans there, too.
Because of this pollution, Chinese citizens have called for change, speaking out online and holding protests. The government has responded with actions, perhaps most notably the declaration by Li Keqiang, China's premier, of a "war on pollution."
The leaders have realized that cleaner air decreases rates of sickness, in turn reducing health care costs, increasing time at work and presumably making people more productive while they are there. It also increases life spans, meaning more years citizens can contribute to the economy.
The result is that China's policies to reduce particulates air pollution for the well-being of its people has been a part of, not counter to, its economic agenda. Moving away from coal and other fossil fuels also reduces the greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change, which has allowed China to confront two problems at once.
India could be next. Over the last several weeks, India's prime minister, Narendra Modi, has publicly recognized his country's serious pollution problem, which may actually be worse than in China. First, he announced his intention to make air quality data available to the public. Last week, his administration said it would announce new emissions standards for power plants.
 
India, like China, has a tremendous opportunity to improve the well-being of its citizens. If the regions of India that violate its own particulates air pollution standard were brought into compliance, the 660 million people currently living in these higher-pollution areas would see their life expectancy increase by an average of 3.2 years, for an overall gain of roughly 2 billion life years, according to our study. This action can in turn be part of India's economic strategy, contributing to a healthier, longer-working labor force and reduced medical bills.
For years, climate negotiations have involved richer and poorer countries telling each other what they must or should do for the common good. I find it unlikely that American negotiators suddenly found the right words to persuade China to announce a new policy. Far more likely, an increasing awareness of the high levels of air pollution and its costs inside China caused the leadership to conclude that moving away from fossil fuels was in its own interest. Whatever the climate benefits for the planet, and they're potentially large, they are not driving China's decision.
But results matters more than motives. If India follows China - and the countries make good on their pledges - it's possible that history books will ultimately judge this moment as a turning point when the world first collectively took meaningful actions to confront climate change.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Viral video 2014: CCTV captures ghost in a pubCCTV captures 'ghost' in Sydney pub
by Sunrise 0:29 mins
487,100 views
CCTV at a Sydney pub has captured wine bottles flying off shelves, sparking claims that the odd incident could be the workings of a ghost.
Link

Opposition create hurdles in Parliament on Sadhvi issue  accuses BJPYou are here: Home > Collections > Parliament
Opposition creating hurdles in Parliament on Sadhvi issue, accuses BJP
PTI Dec 3, 2014, 08.28PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(BJP today slammed Opposition…)
NEW DELHI: BJP today slammed Opposition parties for creating pandemonium in Parliament over the controversial remarks of Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti , saying they were "insensitive" as they tried to scuttle the statement by Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Naxal attack.
"Opposition created hurdles in the functioning of Parliament for the second day today. Their behaviour was improper," BJP spokesman Sudhanshu Trivedi said.
Referring to the walkout staged by Opposition in the Lok Sabha, he said it was an "insensitive" act as the Home Minister was to make a statement on the Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh in which 14 CRPF personnel were killed.
"At least, the Opposition should have listened to what the Home Minister had to say. But they chose to keep their narrow political agenda above the martyrdom of security personnel," he said.
For the second day, Opposition disrupted Parliament resulting in washout of Rajya Sabha's proceedings, as it created uproar to press for sacking of Jyoti for her controversial remarks but the government rejected the demand.
In both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha, trouble started as soon as the Houses met for the day at 11 AM with members of Opposition parties like Trinamool Congress, Congress and RSP shouting slogans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Essel Group acquires Rs 400 cr worth property in MumbaiEssel Group acquires Rs 400 crore worth property in Mumbai
Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Dec 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bandra-Kurla Complex
(“Essel Group has identified…)
MUMBAI: The city's second-biggest ever office purchase marks stunning recovery from lows for its beleaguered commercial property market and may portend a period of rapid growth amidst rising demand and shrinking inventory.
In one of the largest front-office transaction, Essel Group, widely known for its media and entertainment business Zee Entertainment Enterprises , has acquired 2.20 lakh square feet commercial space in Marathon Futurex complex at Lower Parel in Mumbai for overRs 400 crore, said two persons familiar with the development.
The group will be shifting headquarters from Worli to this new office spread over top seven floors of Marathon Realty's tower II. "Essel Group has identified certain premises in Marathon Futurex at Lower Parel. This is still under process," said Mukund Galgali, Executive Vice-President, Essel Group, in response to ET's email query.
The transaction assumes significance as it signals a dramatic recovery for Mumbai's commercial property market after three years of sluggish growth. A dull show in the first two quarters of the year was more than offset by a sale plus lease of 1.8 million sq ft in the third quarter alone. This is half of total nine month sales plus lease of 3.6 million sq feet concluded in Mumbai.
Both capital values and lease rentals for office spaces have been weakening across the country for over three years now. But optimism about the new government's economic programme has prompted buyers to take advantage of the weakness in the commercial property market. Purchases on outright basis and long leases have climbed in recent months as prices continue to be competitive and easing of inventory levels for commercial spaces, said property consultants.
The Zee deal is also a major vote of confidence for Lower Parel, Worli and Prabhadevi localities which have emerged as competitors to BKC as a business district despite transport bottlenecks and flooding problem during the monsoons.
This is the second largest outright commercial space transaction based on both area and value terms after Citigroup's purchase of 2.97 lakh sq ft in Bandra-Kurla Complex more than two years ago. Most office transactions including the Goldman Sachs and Flipkart's deals in Bangalore, have since been concluded on a lease basis.
"The deal was signed and concluded recently. Fit outs and interiors work has also been commissioned and Essel Group is expected to shift its headquarter by the end of next quarter," said one of the persons mentioned above.
An email to Marathon Realty did not elicit any response. Transaction advisor JLL India declined to comment. Currently, these three areas (Lower Parel, Worli, Prabhadevi) have office space stock of 11 million sq ft. Of this around 1 million sq ft is available now as inventory against 4million sq ft three years ago.
"Commercial market has shrugged off the sluggishness witnessed since last three years. Enquiries have gone up and deals are taking place smoothly particularly after June since when the new stable government was formed," said Rajiv Jain, a broker operating in south and central Mumbai.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Takers for DDA flats despite five years ruleSome allottees who say they are unhappy with the size or location of their flats are now planning to dispose them of.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Despite DDA's best efforts to keep speculators out of their latest housing scheme, successful applicants are receiving offers for their flats based on a General-Power-of-Attorney (GPA) transfer of rights. Some allottees who say they are unhappy with the size or location of their flats are now planning to dispose them of.
Based on location and size of the flat, allottees are getting offers from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 40 lakh to transfer legal rights to the property dealers. DDA had introduced a clause in its latest housing scheme preventing successful applicants from selling their flats for five years, by denying them ownership rights for that period.
Ganesh Murthy (name changed) is disappointed with the state of his flat in Dwarka's Sector 29 and is now considering offers that have already come from a few property dealers. "I didn't know how small the flat 340 square feet LIG flat was going to be but, as soon as I saw it, I knew moving here was out of the question. Three property dealers have approached me which I'm now considering," Murthy said.
A property dealer has approached him with an offer for Rs 6 lakh. "I was told that the person who got the flat opposite mine wants to buy my flat and have two flats, which would be more convenient for him. So if I get a good price I'm ready to sign the GPA."
Property dealers say the 2,300 EWS flats in Dwarka, despite their small size, are attracting premiums of Rs 8 lakh to Rs 15 lakh. Similar prices are being offered for LIG flats in Rohini's sectors 34 and 35. Best deals are in store for flats in the best locations, like Mukherjee Nagar. "For a two-bedroom flat in Mukherjee Nagar, which was offered for Rs 70 lakh in this scheme, a seller could easily fetch Rs 30-40 lakh if he transfers his legal rights to the allottee and sells it at the end of five years," a property dealer added.
Officials from DDA advise people against making such deals. "DDA will hand over possession only to the original allottees after the five-year period. If any transaction takes place during the intervening time that will be illegal," Neemo Dhar, spokesperson, DDA, said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Real Estate on Twitter Follow

Finance Minister for more global cooperation to check tax evasion  smugglingDec 04, 2014 at 11:51am IST
Finance Minister for more global cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
10
0
New Delhi: Calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said free trade should also mean fair trade.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to "check tax evasion and smuggling."
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference here, the Minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that "free trade remains fair trade."
The Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to "check tax evasion and smuggling."
#arun jaitley #finance ministry #tax evasion #smuggling
Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding "world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance."
He said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the "incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down."
India has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations.
1

IITs: Intn l recruiters roll out 40 crore-plus salary offersFacebook
(Oracle is leading the charge,…)
MUMBAI: Top international recruiters Facebook, Oracle and Google have rolled out at least 40 offers with total compensation packages higher than Rs 1 crore at the end of only the second day of IIT campus placements, according to campus sources.
Such a large number of crore-plus offers — including cash and stock — are being offered for the first time. Oracle is leading the charge, offering up to 4,800 stock units worth $200,000 (Rs 1.24 crore), besides a $125,000 (Rs 77.5 lakh) cash component. Sources from IITBHU (Varanasi) confirmed these figures.
Sources from IIT-Delhi , IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kanpur said some 4,000 stock options had been indicated as part of the overall package by the American multinational computer technology corporation.
Google, for Mountain View postings, rolled out a salary of $130,000 (Rs 80.4 lakh) and 250 stock units worth approximately $134,500 (Rs 83 lakh), IIT-BHU officials said.
The institute added that one student has been selected by Oracle US, and another for Google US.
Average domestic salaries at IIT campus placements this year have been in the range of Rs 10-12 lakh. Placements at the older institutes started on December 1.
Stock options are typically rolled out by companies as a retention measure and are often vested only after employees remain with the company for a specified period.
As already reported by ET, Facebook has made offers of $250,000 (Rs 1.55 crore, all-inclusive) to students at IIT-Bombay, IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Delhi.
A student at one of the IITs who bagged an offer from Oracle said it was communicated to him that he would get a $100,000 base pay, $15,000 joining bonus and $10,000 relocation allowance.
"I was intimated that over and above this, there was also a stock component which I would get to know in the offer letter," he said.
While IIT-BHU has information on the stock options offered by Google, other placement cells said the search engine giant has not yet communicated the relevant numbers to them. However, they said Google would have a stock component in its package and Microsoft was also likely to have the same. ET could not independently reach out to Google at the time of going to print.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s World Cup probables list todayMore
2015 World Cup Squad — spotlight on seniors
Although the likes of Sehwag, Gambhir, Harbhajan & Yuvraj may make it to the 30 probables, it will be hard for them to make the 15-member squad.
Mail Today –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014 12:01 PM IST
Tweet
0
On a sticky wicket.New Delhi: Virender Sehwag was vice-captain of the Indian team when it lifted the World Cup in 2011. Four years down the line, poor performances has seen the selectors ignore him — he last played for India in the shorter - format in 2013.
But Sehwag made it clear on Tuesday that he still harbours hopes of being a part of the team picked for the 2015 World Cup.
And with the national selectors — led by Sandeep Patil — set to meet in Mumbai on Thursday to pick the 30-member probables for the upcoming World Cup, the likes of Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir , Harbhajan Singh , Yuvraj Singh and Zaheer Khan will have their fingers crossed.
While they were all an integral part of the World Cup winning squad in 2011, lack of form and fitness has seen them drop down the pecking order of the selectors and skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
The only exception in this case is lanky pacer Ashish Nehra .
While injuries have ensured that Nehra has spent more time off the field than on it, the 2013-14 season saw him working overtime on his fitness and the result was there for all to see during the Champions League T20 tournament earlier this year.
Turning out for Chennai Super Kings, he had opposition batsmen on their toes and if sources in the BCCI are to be believed, Nehra could be on the flight to the World Cup — he last played for India in the semi-finals of the 2011 World Cup, against Pakistan in Mohali.
Even though the likes of Sehwag, Gambhir, Harbhajan and Yuvraj may still make it to the 30-member squad, it will be very hard for them to make the cut when the selectors pick the final 15-member squad next month.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

PM Modi leading in Time s Person of the Year pollPM Narendra Modi leading in Time's Person of the Year poll
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 10:05 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is leading the ongoing Time's Person of the Year poll after temporarily losing position to Ferguson protestors.
Narendra Modi, who took over the charge of country's 15th prime minister on May 26, 2014 has made a lot of positive noise on the global platform.
Recently, the PM crossed 8 million followers on Twitter and 25 million on Facebook.
Currently, Narendra Modi is leading the poll with 13.2%, followed by Ferguson protesters (10.1%) and Hong Kong leader Joshua Wong (7.4% votes).
Voting closes at 11:59 pm on December 6, and the combined winner of the reader polls will be announced on December 8. TIME's Person of the Year will be announced on December 10.
Other contenders for the title include Nobel Peace Prize 2014 winner Malala Yousafzai, who also happens to be the youngest person to receive this prestigious award, Russia's President Vladimir Putin, and Alibaba Group's Founder Jack Ma, among others.
 
The Person of the Year is selected by TIME's editors. However, the readers comment are also taken into account on any TIME's Facebook post or its Twitter account using the #TIMEPOY hashtag.

Ranbaxy s drugs from MP plant banned in EuropeRanbaxy's drugs from antibiotic injectables unit banned in Europe
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 16:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Ranbaxy Laboratories has been banned by the European Union from exporting from a factory unit in Madhya Pradesh that makes injectable antibotics, after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the home-grown drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at Ranbaxy's Dewas plant, in Madhya Pradesh, in June and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable Cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a filing to the stock market on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, the drugmaker said, adding that Ranbaxy had decided to stop producing Cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
"We wish to state that Ranbaxy's decision to discontinue manufacture of Cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business," Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy's domestic factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site. The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated November 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable Cephalosporin antibiotics units.
An EMA spokeswoman said the German regulator's 'non-compliance' report meant that "certain aseptically prepared sterile products" made at the Dewas unit could not be imported into the European Union.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, has previously said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the bans by regulatory authorities lifted.
The domestic drug major gets more than half of its revenue from the US. Western Europe accounted for about 8 per cent of its global sales in the 15-month period ended March 31, 2014, according to company filings.
(Reuters)

Sensex ends 120 pts up  Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%Dec 04, 2014, 03.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 120 pts up, Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 120 pts up, Nifty below 8600; ITC gains 6%
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market closing
After hitting record highs, the market turned flat to ends with some gains. The Sensex closed up 120.11 points at 28562.82, and the Nifty was up 26.75 points at 8564.40. About 1489 shares advanced, 1459 shares declined, and 124 shares were unchanged.
ITC was star of the day, with a hefty gain of 6 percent at close. Other gainers in the Sensex include Sesa Sterlite, Cipla, HUL and HDFC Bank.
Among the top losers were Bharti Airtel, Hindalco, Tata Power and BHEL.
03:15pm Shipping stocks in focus
Shipping stocks see huge buying interest on hopes of relaxations in rules for the sector. Bharati Shipyard rallied nearly 14 percent followed by ABG Shipyard, Varun Shipping, SCI, Shreyas Shipping and Pipavav Defence with 4-5 percent gains.
The government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry. The government also asked RBI and finance ministry to sanction special dispensation for 5 years.
Meanwhile, for the revival of the industry, the government on Monday also launched the PM JalMargYojna and projects for setting up dry and satellite ports, besides converting riverways into waterways.
03:00pm Market Update
The market gained strength in late trade with the Sensex rising 154.78 points to 28597.49 and the Nifty climbing 34.10 points to 8571.75 led by banking & financials and FMCG stocks.
ITC stayed strong with 5.3 percent gains as report suggests that the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term. Sesa Sterlite extended gains, up 3.4 percent followed by Cipla with 2.7 percent upside.
Shares of HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, State Bank of India and Axis Bank advanced 0.7-0.9 percent whereas Infosys, L&T and Reliance Industries were marginally under pressure.
02:45pm ONGC in News
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), India's biggest explorer, will next week sign a deal to acquire stake in two Siberian oilfields, including the strategic Vankor, during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to India.
ONGC Videsh, the overseas arm of state explorer, will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for acquiring the stake in Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye fields, government officials said.
The MoU is part of Putin's energy engagement as he seeks to expand trade links with Asian nations to counter sanctions from the US and its allies.
Putin is set to arrive here on December 11.
Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered to sell 10 percent stake in the strategic Vankor oilfield in Siberia to OVL, reports PTI.
02:25pm Europe Update
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index edged up to trade near a 2-1/2-month high, with an improving US economic outlook and expectations of further stimulus from the European Central Bank helping the market.
Investors' focus was on ECB President Mario Draghi, who will present the bank's updated forecasts for growth in output as well as inflation at a policy meeting later in the day.
The ECB could extend a scheme to buy rebundled debt to purchasing corporate bonds, but it is unlikely to announce any radical immediate move such as printing money to buy government bonds, reports Reuters.
02:00pm Market Check
The market continued to see consolidation after touching record high in the early trade. The Sensex gained 43.98 points at 28486.69 and the Nifty fell 0.05 point to 8537.60. The broader markets gained 0.3 percent.
The market breadth remained marginally positive. About 1444 shares have advanced while 1313 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
ABB climbed 13 percent as ABB Global CEO told CNBC-TV18 that they have no plans to delist subsidiary ABB India. He says that they have plan to double exports from India in next 3-5 years.
Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries posted gains of 4 percent and 2.5 percent, respectively. The government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near-term as the proposal will hurt tobacco farmers. The health and agriculture ministries will now conduct a study on the same, say sources.
Sadbhav Engineering gained 2 percent after the company's subsidiary Sadbhav Infra filed a DRHP with Sebi to undertake IPO . Sadbhav Infra will issue 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore in an IPO. Sadbhav Engineering owns 80 percent of Sadhav Infra and the remaining 20 percent is owned by Norwest Venture Partners and Xander Group.
13:00

Markets live: Sensex ends flat; IT  TECk stocks major losersWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1-cr per annum offersIIT Kanpur students turn down salary package of Rs 1 crore
PTI     Kanpur   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 11:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IIT Kanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them - three boys and a girl student - at the premier technological institute in Kanpur is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made on Wednesday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
The offer to these four students was for a take home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum.
"Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly", Philip told PTI on Thursday.
The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs.
The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer", added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore.
IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying this brings unnecessary attention to the student.
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on December 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same.
The placement drive will continue till December 24. 

Viru  Gauti  Yuvi  Bhajji dropped from World Cup squad. End of an eraPlatinum Member
155 Followers
This time there are only 4 sixers in a row instead of 6x6. Of the lot its a pity that the fantastic talent of Yuvi was wasted, remained latent mostly and untapped
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
9.13 PM Dec 4th

Industry chiefs question Juncker investment planIndustry chiefs question Juncker investment plan
Sarah Gordon — Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1423a226-7bc1-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nasas Mars hope stays grounded for nowNasa’s Mars hope stays grounded for now
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d997792e-7bc6-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex on fire but public-sector index in freezeDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
As the NDA government kickstarts its disinvestment programme for 2014-15 tomorrow — with less than four months to go for the end of the fiscal — there seems little investor appetite for PSU stocks in an otherwise strong bull market for equities.
While the Sensex has rallied by over 16 per cent since the Narendra Modi-led government took charge on May 26, the PSU index — comprising 59 listed state-owned companies — has actually seen a nearly 3 per cent decline during this same period.
Click here for graph
This is as opposed to several other sectoral indices (see box) that have jumped anywhere between 10 and 50 per cent in the last six months.
The share price of SAIL, the first in the list to be on the block, has registered a decline by over 10 per cent since May 26. The disinvestment offer entails sale of 20.65 crore shares at a floor price of Rs 83, a shade below the closing of Rs 85.35 today. Its widely believed that in the absence of market excitement. government-owned financial institutions are expected to participate in the disinvestment process.
This lack of market enthusiasm for PSU stocks is attributed to no visible management reforms in these enterprises contrary to initial expectations. In fact, the wait for the new government to initiate policy changes to allow for more operational and managerial autonomyin PSUs goes on.
“There are some great public sector companies but the challenge is how do you turnaround the management or how do you make them professional. Unless you take it out of bureaucratic hands, it’s tough for them to compete in the market,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
As many as 17 PSUs are without a chairman including the likes of Coal India, Power Finance Corporation and National Hydro Power Corporation.
While ONGC, Coal India and NHPC are next in line where the government will divest up to 11 per cent of its holding, the share prices of the three companies have fallen by 8 per cent, 11 per cent and 21 per cent respectively which will result in a reduced realisation for the government from stake sales as compared to what it could have got six months back. Of course, has PSU shares rallied in line with the broader market, the realisation for the government from these stake sales would have gone up.
The head of a leading investment banking firm said another reason why the market does not have confidence in PSUs is because the government has not kept the commitment it made.
“For NTPC, they promised merchant power rate to NTPC, in case of ONGC they said defined subsidy-sharing formula, for NMDC they had talked about market pricing of iron ore. They made promises and then forgot about them,” said an investment banker who did not wish to be named.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Ajay Devgn  Sonakshi Sinha s much-awaited  Action Jackson hits screens todayWritten by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:30 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 8:46 am
It’s surely an exciting Friday as we have Bollywood’s macho man, Ajay Devgn ’s much-awaited action flick, ‘Action Jackson’ releasing today.
The film also stars desi belle, Sonakshi Sinha who has previously shared screen space with the ‘Singham’ actor in ‘Son of Sardaar’.
Directed by choreographer-filmmaker, Prabhu Dheva, the film is expected to live up to its name, making it a thrilling journey that will have you on the edge of your seat. Ajay Devgn is said to portray some impressive swordsmanship in ‘Action Jackson’, while romancing his ladylove on the side.
Both Ajay and Sonakshi, who share great onscreen chemistry, will also add humour to the action flick.
And of course, being a Prabhu Dheva film, ‘Action Jackson’ is sure to be high on the song and dance quotient. The film’s tracks have already become a hit with audiences.
Actress Sonakshi said her co-star is allergic to dancing, but he was prepared for the film thanks to director Prabhudheva. “Prabhudheva had told him, ‘You have to dance’. Prabhu is a great choreographer, so he gave Ajay steps according to his personality and not gave him any steps because of which he will be uncomfortable,” she added.

Is this India s own Kibbutz Model to skill e...Expat entrepreneur Freeman Murray gives coding lessons to college dropouts, unemployed engineers
By Evelyn Fok & Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Students at Gururaj Pagad Farm at the outskirts of Bengaluru.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Farms are normally synonymous with agriculture , but one on the outskirts of Bengaluru is nurturing a different kind of produce — skilled software talent for India's burgeoning startup ecosystem.
At the Gururaj Pagad Farm, a plantain farm in the southern fringes of India's technology capital, expat entrepreneur and angel investor Freeman Murray is teaching an unlikely bunch of college dropouts and unemployed engineers how to code better and communicate well enough to catch the eye of talent-hungry startups.
Murray's one-year-old venture, which has so far trained about two dozen aspiring techies, aims to generate readyto-hire employees in a city where starting up is easy but finding the right people to run an Internet venture is an everyday challenge.
"There is no magic silver bullet," said Murray, 42, who came to India from the US a decade ago after the sale of his ecommerce venture Kendara. He helped set up iAccelerator at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad and later founded a city-based co-working space Jaaga.
At the farm, each of the 20 students pays Rs 6,000 a month for the 'Jaaga Study' programme, just enough to cover basic living expenses.
They commit to living on the farm for a full year while attending tutorials, making small projects, trying to get clients and generally experimenting.
"What we really need to do is address this large number of very eager young people who don't yet have the skills," said Murray, who believes there are sufficient tools open to anyone who wants to master the skills needed to make a living off the Internet.
The software engineer — who has written code for Sun Microsystems and backed a string of Indian startups such as the job portal for semi-skilled workers Babajob, Recruiterbox and gaming firm Hashcube — raises money to fund the programme when he visits the US for two months every year. As for his wards, learning coding on the farm is a different kind of experience.
"In college you get bored listening to lectures," says Vaibhav Mule, a 19-year-old college dropout from Maharashtra who spends every day practising yoga and martial arts, taking online classes, learning from peers and being reviewed by industry mentors.
When Mule dropped out of a degree course in commerce last year, he was looking for a programming course that would help him work in a startup or launch his own venture.
Since enrolling at Jaaga Study programme last January, he has developed a price comparison website for online retailers that helped him land a coveted internship at tech startup DoSelect.com which helps companies recruit talent.
"We don't care about academic credentials," remarked Sanket Saurav, co-founder of DoSelect-.com, who said he was impressed with Mule's technical skills as well as his passion and ability to adapt and learn quickly. "As a startup, we don't have time and resources to equip the talent with these skills." DoSelect, which has a team of six people, plans to hire 10 more in the next few months.
Experts say more and more employers are looking beyond academic credentials to achievement credentials while hiring technology professionals.
At present, less than one-fifth of the six lakh Indians who graduate from engineering colleges every year are employable in the software and IT services industries.
Just 4% are ready to be deployed on professional projects, according to a study by employability assessment company Aspiring Minds.
"India can leverage this trend if youngsters are able to learn on their own and achieve self-mastery," said Sharad Sharma, co-founder of software product think tank iSpirt.
"In the tech world, you can only become an expert by doing. Freeman's farm is the first organised effort to enable young people to generate achievement credentials outside of a college or a corporate job," he added.
Most of the farm's wards, who have an average age of 25 years, are hired by startups. A few also plan to launch their own ventures.
Twenty-two-year-old Sneha Acharya, an electronics and communications engineering graduate from an institute in Madhya Pradesh, enrolled for the programme when she couldn't find a job because she didn't have the required skills. After a stint at the farm, she is making apps for smartphones.
To improve gender diversity — at present 10% of students are women — the programme offers a monthly stipend of Rs 10,000 to encourage more women to enrol.
"The biggest challenge was that everyone else was an engineering student when I had only taken some online classes in programming, but they all helped me out.
It's not difficult being a girl here," said Stephanie Browne, 24, a student from Assam.
The students have to find jobs on their own. But Jaaga also plans a graduation ceremony next month which will be attended by companies hungry for programming talent. Besides DoSelect.com, firms that have already hired Jaaga talent include Idea Bubbles and HasGeek.
"He (Freeman) has struck the right balance between structure and freedom, classroom and projects, self-motivation and peer pressure.
I'm very optimistic about the outcomes," said Sharma of iSpirt.

Nifty to hit 9 500 by end-2015 on flows: GoldmanGoldman Sachs bullish on Indian economy
Goldman Sachs bullish on Indian economy
Goldman Sachs said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Top US brokerage Goldman Sachs today said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country which is expected to become fastest-growing large emerging market economy in the 2016-18 period.
"We stay overweight on cyclical recovery and reform progress and expects Nifty to reach 9,500 at end-2015," Goldman Sachs Chief Asia Pacific Regional Equity Strategist Timothy Moe told reporters here.
The 50-share NSE benchmark index today ended at 8,564. "We forecast a large balance of payments surplus in 2015 driven by a narrowing of the current account deficit and strong capital inflows. We forecast mid-teens earnings growth in 2015-16 largely driven by banks, IT and a few cyclical sectors," he said.
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia's third largest economy.
FDI flows are to be driven by improving medium term growth prospects, removal of restrictions of flows and (investment) commitments by Japan, the US and China over the past few months. We estimate a balance of payments surplus of about USD 50 billion in 2015, it said.
"The headline CPI inflation likely to fall in 2015 to 5.8 per cent from 7.3 per cent in 2014, driven by lower commodity prices. This would provide some room for the RBI to cut policy rates by 50 bps in H12015," Goldman Sachs Chief India Economist Tushar Poddar said.
"We are also positive on the Indian rupee due to our expectation of a large balance of payment surplus, driven by somewhat narrower current account deficit as well as large FDI and portfolio inflows," Poddar said.
Expectation of an increase in investments in 2015 is based on easier financial conditions, government measures to remove red-tape and focus on boosting investment, he said.
The brokerage forecast the economy to expand by 6.3 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016.
"Our forecasts imply India will become the fastest growing large emerging market economy over the 2016-18 period, overtaking China," it said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83  may fetch Rs 1700 croreDec 04, 2014 at 08:06pm IST
SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs 83, may fetch Rs 1700 crore
25
0
New Delhi: Government's five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share on Friday, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
"Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent," an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the Finance Ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal. Retail investors would get a discount of 5 per cent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government.
#steel authority of india #sail #stake #arun jaitley
The floor price of Rs 83/share indicates a 2.75 per cent discount to the closing price of SAIL scrip that ended 0.35 per cent down at Rs 85.35 on the BSE. The sale of 5 per cent stake, or about 20.65 crore shares, of SAIL at the current market price would fetch the exchequer about Rs 1,700 crore.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of
disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake
sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
5

ECL Finance buys 2.26cr shares of Alok IndustriesDec 05, 2014, 08.33 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ECL Finance buys 2.26cr shares of Alok Industries
On December 04, 2014 ECL Finance Limited bought 2,26,42,893 shares of Alok Industries at Rs 10.80.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ECL Finance buys 2.26cr shares of Alok Industries
On December 04, 2014 ECL Finance Limited bought 2,26,42,893 shares of Alok Industries at Rs 10.80.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 04, 2014 Arum Investments Private Limited sold 2,26,42,893 shares of  Alok Industries at Rs 10.80 on the BSE.
However, ECL Finance Limited bought 2,26,42,893 shares at Rs 10.80.
On Thursday Alok Industries ended at Rs 12.14, up Rs 1.29, or 11.89 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 16.32 and 52-week low Rs 5.80 on 11 June, 2014 and 26 March, 2014, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 2.31 per share. (Sep, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 5.26. The latest book value of the company is Rs 39.25 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.31. The dividend yield of the company was 2.47 percent.
RELATED NEWS

No scientific evidence to prove GM crops harmful: Prakash Javadekar18
0
New Delhi: There is no scientific evidence to prove that Genetically Modified crops would harm soil, human health and environment, Government said on Thursday.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar's response came to queries in Rajya Sabha over the recent controversial decision of biotech regulator -- the Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee's (GEAC)--  granting approval for experimental field trials of 12 GM crops for the purpose of generating biosafety data.
There is no scientific evidence to prove that Genetically Modified crops would harm soil, human health and environment, Government said on Thursday
#prakash javadekar #gm crops #rss #centre
The 12 crops ready for field trials include cotton, rice, castor, wheat, maize, groundnut, potato, sorghum, brinjal, mustard, sugarcane and chickpea.
Javadekar said GM crops particularly GM corn, canola, soybean and cotton are being cultivated and consumed by human beings as well as animals in many countries the world over as food, feed and processed products.
"There is no scientific evidence to prove that GM crops would harm soil, human health and environment," the Minister said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
"GM crops have beneficial traits such as insect resistence and herbicide tolerance, stress tolerance, fungal resistance, disease resistence, salt tolerance, drought tolerance, enhance yield and nutrition etc., that may help in food security," Javadekar said.
He said in view of various concerns related to the safety, efficacy and agronomic performance of transgenic seeds, extensive evaluation and regulatory approval process takes place before any GM plant is approved for commercial cultivation.
The Minister's statement came even as two RSS linked outfits have sought a ban on field trials of genetically-modified crops, cleared by the GEAC.
Representatives of Swadeshi Jagran Manch and Bhartiya Kissan Sangh had met Javadekar in July after the GEAC had cleared proposals for confined field trials of rice, brinjal, chickpea, mustard and cotton.
The Manch and Sangh members had told the Minister that it is "not advisable" to allow GM Crops without proper scientific evaluation about their probable long term impact on human health and soil.
Last week, Javadekar had informed the Lok Sabha that there is no ban on GM crop field trials either by the Government or the Supreme Court.
51

Shakti Mills rape case: Bombay HC to take the final call on death sentence to accused today22
0
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court on Friday is scheduled to hear the death sentence confirmation petition of three convicts in the Shakti Mills gang-rape case.
In April, the sessions court had convicted Vijay Jadhav, Salim Ansari and Kasim Bengali, along with Siraj Khan, for the rape of a photo journalist in August 2013.
Three accused were given death sentence as they had earlier been convicted of raping a telephone operator in the same premises earlier.
Three accused were given death sentence as they had earlier been convicted of raping a telephone operator in the same premises earlier.
The three were held guilty under section 376 (E) of the Indian Penal Code which stipulates a maximum punishment of death penalty, and this is considered a landmark judgement since it is the first conviction under the amended section.
3

Sixteen people lose their vision after undergoing cataract operation in an eye camp in PunjabDec 05, 2014 at  08:58am IST
Sixteen people lose their vision after undergoing cataract operation in an eye camp in Punjab
28
2
Gurdaspur: Barely a month after 14 women were killed due to botched up sterilisation surgeries in Bilaspur in  Chattisgarh, 16 people have lost their eye sight after undergoing eye operation in an eye camp in Gurdaspur.
The patients from Amritsar had undergone a cataract surgery at the eye camp that was organised by an NGO last week. Soon after the unsuccessful operations, the victims were admitted to the ENT hospital in Gurdaspur on Wednesday.
An inquiry into the botched up surgeries is currently underway. "I got a representation from patient who claims to have lost their eye sight or developed other problems following which an inquiry committee was constituted which revealed that as many as 6 to 7 patients have lost their eye sight. Since the NGO belonged to Gurdaspur so they had written to Gurdaspur administration to take criminal action against the NGO," Deputy Commissioner Amritsar Ravi Bhagat said.
#cataract #eye camp #punjab #gurdaspur
Patients recalled their horrific tale at the medical camp. "The medical camp was held with help of a religious organisation. They took me to the camp early morning and when I was discharged I couldn't see anything," a patient Joginder Singh said.
Giving details, Civil Surgeon Amritsar, Rajiv Bhalla, said all the patients were operated at an eye camp in Ghuman village of Gurdaspur district around ten days ago. The incident emerged when all the 16 patients, who belonged to Amritsar, approached Deputy Commissioner Bhagat to lodge a complaint against the NGO and doctors concerned.
Bhalla said that cataract surgery in the eye camp was performed under "severe unhygienic condition". He said that before organising the eye camp, mandatory permission was required from the district Administration and Civil Surgeons of Gurdaspur and Amritsar but all the norms were not followed.
The incident comes days after 14 women died and 34 were reported critical after undergoing "faulty" sterilisation surgeries at a government-organised family planning camp in Bilaspur district of Chhattisgarh.
130

ECB keeps rates unchanged at 0.05%ECB keeps rates unchanged at 0.05%
ECB keeps rates unchanged at 0.05%
ECB leaves rates unchanged
December 05, 2014 08:20 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 04:23 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Bank of England keeps rates unchanged at 0.5%Bank of England keeps rates unchanged at 0.5%
Bank of England keeps rates unchanged at 0.5%
The Committee also voted to maintain the stock of purchased assets financed by the issuance of central bank reserves at ?375 billion.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/bank-of-england-keeps-rates-unchanged-at-0-5-114120500009_1.html
December 05, 2014 08:34 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 04:24 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Gold heading for biggest weekly gain in 9 monthsGold heading for biggest weekly gain in 9 months
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 5:  
Gold was heading for its biggest weekly gain in nine months on Friday as a modest bounce in oil prices boosted the demand for the metal as an inflation-hedge, but investors were nervous ahead of a key US jobs report that could trigger sharp moves.
The US nonfarm payrolls report is keenly watched as a gauge of economic strength and for its impact on the dollar and the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy.
US payrolls report
A strong report could prompt the Fed to raise rates soon and boost the dollar. Investors fear higher rates could dull the appeal of gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
The report is expected to show that employers added 230,000 new jobs last month, and the unemployment rate remaining unchanged at 5.8 per cent, according to a Reuters poll.
“Should tonight’s numbers exceed 230,000 it could send gold tumbling quickly,’’ said Howie Lee, analyst at Phillip Futures, adding that support could come in at $1,140.
“(A strong report) should set the tone for gold to languish below $1,200 for the rest of the year and leave gold to end the year in red territory.’’
Spot gold
Spot gold slipped 0.2 per cent to $1,202.60 an ounce by 0354 GMT. The metal was set for a 3-per cent gain for the week — its biggest jump since March.
In recent months, strong US data and a robust dollar had pushed gold close to four-and-a-half-year lows. The slump in oil prices to five-year lows has also added pressure.
ECB stimulus
Gold traders were also tracking developments regarding stimulus measures in Europe. On Thursday, the European Central Bank put off until next year a decision on whether to increase its stimulus, a delay that indicated rates will not be pressured lower for the time being.
The resulting rally in the euro knocked the dollar index from a 5-1/2 year high, providing some support to gold. In the physical markets, Chinese buying remained steady with premiums unchanged at about $1-$2 on Friday.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Euro jumps  bonds sag as ECB puts off stimulus decisionEuro jumps, bonds sag as ECB puts off stimulus decision
Reuters
Tweet
New York, Dec 5:  
The euro rebounded and European bond yields bounced off record lows on Thursday after the European Central Bank put off until next year a decision on whether to increase economic stimulus, suggesting interest rates won’t be pushed lower.
The ECB Governing Council was unanimous in its willingness to launch measures such as a government bond-buying programme with new money if necessary to help revive the euro zone economy.
Markets had hoped for clearer details on if and when the ECB would print money to buy government bonds. Such a step is opposed by Germany, the euro zone’s biggest economy.
Euro rebounds
Yields on euro zone government debt bounced further off record lows and the euro rebounded from a more than two-year low against the dollar after ECB President Mario Draghi failed to unveil plans for more stimulus.
Stocks in the euro zone fell more than 1 per cent and MSCI’s measure of global equity performance fell. Wall Street also traded lower, but only slightly.
“Investors were hoping for more substance on sovereign bond purchases, but Draghi hasn’t given investors anything that is really new,’’ said John Smith, senior fund manager at Brown Shipley in Manchester, England.
The euro gained 0.45 per cent against the dollar to $1.2365, after slipping to a more than two-year trough of $1.2284. The dollar last traded at 119.81 yen, up 0.03 per cent on the day.
German 10-year yields, the benchmark for euro zone borrowing costs, rose 3 basis points to 0.77 per cent, retreating further from record lows of 0.698 per cent on Monday.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury was last up 9/32 to yield 2.2534 per cent.
All-country world index
MSCI’s all-country world index, a measure of stock performance in 45 countries, slipped 0.23 per cent to 424.05.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares closed down 1.4 per cent at 1,380.77, its sharpest one-day drop in seven weeks.
Wall Street traded just below break-even.
Wall Street
The Dow Jones industrial average was down 21.65 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 17,890.97. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was down 2.82 points, or 0.14 per cent, at 2,071.51. The Nasdaq Composite Index was down 0.47 points, or 0.01 per cent, at 4,774.00.
Brent crude oil fell below $69 a barrel after Saudi Arabia announced deep cuts in selling prices for Asian and US buyers, a week after refusing to support output cuts championed by some members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Brent fell 28 cents to settle at $69.64 a barrel. U.S. crude settled down 57 cents at $66.81 a barrel, having fallen to 66.09 in early New York trade.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Tinyowl raises $3 mn from Sequoia  Nexus Venture PartnersTinyowl raises $3 mn from Sequoia, Nexus Venture Partners
Rajesh Kurup
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
TinyOwl, a location-based food ordering platform, has raised $3 million led by Sequoia and Nexus Venture Partners. The company will use these funds to deepen its presence in Mumbai and expand into other metros.
Founded in March 2014 by five IIT Bombay alumni, the TinyOwl app is available on Android and iOS platforms and allows users to order food from restaurants and have it delivered at their doorstep.
“We believe that the food ordering experience will make a quantum leap in the era of smartphones, and look forward to partnering with the TinyOwl team in their quest to make this a reality,” said Gautam Mago, Principal at Sequoia Capital India Advisors.
“The food ordering industry needs technological and operational solutions to help make the discovery, order taking and delivery of food more efficient. There is no better team in the country than TinyOwl to address this,” said Suvir Sujan, Co-founder & MD, Nexus Venture Partners.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Sharad Pawar to undergo surgery in Mumbai todayNationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief and former Union Minister Sharad Pawar underwent a surgery at a private hospital here today after he sustained a leg injury from a fall at his Delhi residence three days ago.
“Pawar, 73, underwent a surgery at the Breach Candy hospital this morning,” NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik said.
“Pawar sustained leg fracture after a fall at his Delhi residence. Doctors will perform a minor surgery and mend the injury point on his leg,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel had said.
He will be required to be in the hospital for seven-eight days, Patel had said.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and senior minister Vinod Tawde were among those who visited the hospital on Tuesday to enquire about Pawar’s health.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis Mumbai Sharad Pawar
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

Mangalore Chem up 14% on Zuari group open offerMangalore Chemicals rallies about 16% on Zuari group open offer
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.57PM IST
At 09:50 a.m.; Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd was trading 8.5 per cent higher at Rs 93.50. It hit a low of Rs 92.30 and a high of Rs 98.35 in trade today. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd rallied as much as 14.1 per cent in trade on Friday, after Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group said that it will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
On the NSE, the stock gained 15.62 per cent to Rs 99.90.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital, PTI reported.
The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 on Thursday, added the report.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SAIL slips 2% as OFS kicks off  floor price at Rs 83/shDec 05, 2014, 02.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SAIL slips 2% as OFS kicks off, Macquarie remains bearish
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAIL slips 2% as OFS kicks off, Macquarie remains bearish
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Steel Authority of India (SAIL) slipped 2 percent intraday on Friday as its offer-for-sale (OFS) kicks off. The government, which will divest its 5 percent stake in SAIL has fixed the floor price at Rs 83 per share.
Not very impressed, Macquarie has an underperform rating on the stock as it sees 30 percent downside at target price of Rs 63 per share. The brokerage prefers buying NMDC and JSW Steel instead of SAIL forsimilar but more efficient business model.
It says that SAIL looks cheap on asset valuations,but its competitive advantage has reduced by USD 65-70 per tonne due to a sharp fall in global iron ore prices. "This means that the expected improvement in SAIL’s margin post up-gradation/expansion will fail to materialise. SAIL expansion also comes at high capital cost of USD 1500 per tonne and is unlikely to be PAT positive on current iron ore prices," it says in a note.
Macquaire further adds that even under a blue sky scenario of USD 124 per tonne EBITDA and 18 million tonne volume in
FY17E, 6x EV/EBITDA implies equity value of Rs 90, indicating 5-6 percent upside from current market price.
The OFS
The government, which has 80 percent stake in SAIL, plans to sell up to 206.5 million shares through an auction on the stock exchanges. Through this, the government hopes to rake in Rs 1500-1700 crore.
"Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 percent," an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the finance ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal. Retail investors would get a discount of 5 percent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 percent stake sale in SAIL.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, JP Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale. While the new government assumed power in late May, there has been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
At 09:18 hrs Steel Authority of India was quoting at Rs 84.15, down Rs 1.20, or 1.41 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from PTI)

China could spoil India s FII party; upbeat on banks08:00 am
It has been a year of stellar bull run for Indian equities. The long-term India growth story backed by the new government’s efforts to turnaround the economy is selling among foreign investors like hot cakes. According to CNBC-TV18’s Udayan Mukherjee, the inflow of foreign funds into the Indian market is likely to continue next year as well. While there is no evidence or cue in sight that FIIs will back out of India in a hurry, China could spoil the FII party for India, he cautioned.  
China's outperformance against peers is getting more pronounced now. Foreign investors have made money both in India and China, so a portfolio shift from India to China seems to be the only worry, he said. Start of the next year better would be a better time to analyse FII flows, but one should keep an eye on China, he added.
According to a HSBC report, foreign institutional investors pumped USD 5.3 billion in Asian equities in the month of November, out of which India attracted USD 1.4 billion. However, China reclaimed the top slot as the 'most loved' market, pushing India down to second position in the region.
Meanwhile, Mukherjee recommends traders to follow the market trend with caution. For investors, he suggests shuffling portfolios. The broader market is performing better. Stick to high quality stocks and buy on dips, he added.  Further, passive investors can consider index funds.
On sectors, he is bullish on banks and high quality consumer-driven stocks. These sectors have started outperforming the market in the past few trading sessions. Global investors always look to buy banks. One will rarely find a FII portfolio without banks, he added.
The ongoing fall in global crude oil price has triggered a rally in tyre, paints and other stocks that use this commodity as a raw material. According to Mukherjee, the tyre and paint stocks have run-up too much and large part of the rally is already in the price already. However, he sees some more juice in oil marketing companies (OMCs) from a valuation perspective.
As far as global cues are concerned, he is closely watching the developments in Europe.
For the complete analysis watch the accompanying video
RELATED NEWS

Mastek soars 6% on contract from UK financial companyDec 05, 2014, 09.52 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mastek soars 6% on contract from UK financial company
Unum, one of the UK's leading providers of financial protection has selected Mastek's Elixir platform as the core administration platform for their Group Protection business in the UK, said the software firm in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mastek soars 6% on contract from UK financial company
Unum, one of the UK's leading providers of financial protection has selected Mastek's Elixir platform as the core administration platform for their Group Protection business in the UK, said the software firm in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Mastek gained as much as 5.5 percent intraday Friday on signing contract with UK financial company Unam.
Unum, one of the UK's leading providers of financial protection has selected Mastek's Elixir platform as the core administration platform for their Group Protection business in the UK, said the software firm in its filing.
Unum will implement Elixir across its group protection business in order to create and adapt products more quickly, he added.
Meanwhile, profit of the company in September quarter more than doubled to Rs 1.74 crore from Rs 0.85 crore in previous quarter. Total income from operations grew by 11.8 percent to Rs 246.91 crore from Rs 220.90 crore on sequential basis.
At 09:41 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 278.00, up Rs 10.75, or 4.02 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

HDFC Bank reduces fixed deposit rates...stock flatThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee gains 12 paise to 61.80 against dollar in early tradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Selan Exploration surges 11% on hopes of production ramp upSelan Exploration surges 11% on hopes of production ramp up
Reuters
December 5, 2014:  
Oil and gas explorer Selan Exploration Technology surged over 11 per cent in morning trade on Friday.
At 10 am, the stock was up 11.31 per cent or Rs 43 at Rs 423.05 on the BSE after hitting a high of Rs 427.70. According to exchange data, volume spurted by over 4.03 times today.
The stock opened at Rs 391.05 against Thursday's close of Rs 380.05.
The stock headed towards the biggest daily gain since September.
Traders attributed the surge in stock price to anticipation of production ramp-up.
Sharekhan said the company was taking steps to commercialise some of the 11 wells drilled earlier in 2014. It said management guides production volumes of 0.5-0.6 mln bbl annually in the next 2-3 yrs, up from 0.16 mln bbl in FY14
The recent slump in crude oil prices have already been discounted, traders added.
Selan Exploration was trading at 10.8x of F12M earnings compared with 24.35x for rivals.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Rupee strengthens to 61.80 on dollar sellingRupee bounces back 15 paise to end at 61.77
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
After two days of listless trade, the rupee today rebounded 15 paise to close at two—week high of 61.77 against the Greenback following dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid signs of fund inflows.
Dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee’s rise, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.92. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.75 — almost two-week intra-day low — and 61.90 before concluding at 61.77, logging a rise of 15 paise or 0.24 per cent.
This was its strongest close since 61.76 on November 21.
In the previous two sessions, the rupee had softened by four paise or 0.06 per cent.
The local currency also took cues from government’s 5 per cent stake sale in SAIL, for an estimated Rs 1,700 crore, generating a robust demand among investors with the offer getting subscribed more than two times today.
The stock benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, however, fell back by 104.72 points, or 0.37 per cent.
FPIs/FIIs had injected $103.13 million yesterday as per SEBI data.
The dollar index, an indicator of other six major global rivals, was up by 0.27 per cent.
In the forward market, premia remained weak on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six—month premium payable in May declined further to 217.5—219.5 paise from 220—222 paise previously.
Forward contracts maturing in November 2015 also dropped to 428—430 paise from 432.5—434.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.8535 and for the Euro at 76.5313.
The rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 96.92 from 97.086 yesterday, while improved further to 51.26 per 100 Japanese yen from 51.61.
It, however, turned a tad negative to end at 76.27 per euro from Thursday’s close of 76.25.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

GSAT-16 launch postponed due to bad weatherGSAT-16 launch postponed due to bad weather
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 05, 2014 09:49 AM IST
The GSAT-16 launch scheduled for early morning today has been postponed due to inclement weather conditions, Isro informed today.
The advanced communication satellite was scheduled for launch at 02:08 hrs (IST) today from French Guiana. The satellite was to be inducted into the INSAT/GSAT system. 
Developed by Isro, GSAT-16 was to carry Ku- and C-band transponders. It is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest by a communication satellite developed by Isro so far, in normal C-band, upper extended C-band and Ku-band.
GSAT-16's liftoff mass is estimated at 3,180 kg. 
 
Indian National Satellite (INSAT) system, established in 1983, is one of the largest domestic consumption communication satellite systems in the Asia-Pacific Region. It presently comprises of 10 satellites providing transponders in S,C Ext-C and Ku-bands.
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
 

Went to rob a bank  ran off with aTVBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:43 am
Four men broke into the Punjab National Bank’s branch in East Delhi’s Preet Vihar on Wednesday night but failed to rob any cash, police said.
The men, who are on the run, entered the bank through a window, then broke open the door securing the locker room but were unable to open the safe, police said.
The men fled with a television set after ransacking the branch. “We have formed teams to nab them,” a police officer said.
The break-in came to light after the guard of the bank reached the branch on Thursday morning. “The guard reached the bank around 9 am and saw the door of the safe room broken. He raised the alarm and informed the bank manager, who made a PCR call,” the officer said.
During investigation, it was found that the accused climbed a building adjacent to the bank and then pulled out the grills of a window to reach the locker room. “The accused were able to break the door of the room and reach the safe in the basement but could not open it. They tried to disable the locks but failed,” the officer said.
“The lockers are secured by a combination of numbers. Only a master key can be used to open them and that is usually with the authorities. Even though the accused managed to lay their hands on the safe, they were unable to open it,” a bank official said.
According to police, none of the 10 CCTV cameras installed on the premises of the bank captured the break-in as the area is poorly lit.
“Only one of the cameras has faintly captured four men ransacking the bank. Nothing much is visible in the footage,” the police officer said.

In a first  govt opens scheme doors for statelesspeopleWritten by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:41 am
Moymona Khatun is no stranger to public meetings, yet on Thursday she was feeling both nervous and excited. After all, it is not everyday that one gets to meet and talk to the Chief Minister of a state. On Thursday, Moymona, the first person from Chitmahal to have contested the Assembly election, met West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee when the latter felicitated her with a shawl.
Moymona was one of the 14 residents of Chitmahal, as the Bangladeshi enclaves are locally known,to be felicitated by Mamata. Among the 14 were 98-year-old Alema Bewa, the oldest resident of Chitmahal and Monsood Ali, 74, the veteran leader of the Indo-Bangla enclave exchange movement.
“This is the first time that the enclave dwellers were officially accepted in a government programme. They are residents of Bangladeshi enclaves and, thus officially, are Bangladeshi citizens. But, the CM felicitated them. This has happened for the first time in history,” said Diptiman Sengupta, secretary of Indo-Bangla Enclave Exchange Coordination Committee.
The enclave villages wore deserted look as “the stateless people” for the first time joined a political rally that took place in Indian mainland. The Bangladeshi enclaves in India have around 14,000 people according to the 2011 Census before the protocol was signed between India and Bangladesh .
Saheb Ali, another leader of Chitmahal movement said, “Didi told us that nobody would impose any decision on us. The residents of enclaves can opt for the citizenship of any of these two countries according to their wish. She further said that she had instructed the local administration to cooperate with the residents of the enclaves if their children seek admission in a school or if they need to undergo treatment at a government hospital.”
The rally that was addressed by Mamata at Nayahat in Cooch Behar saw Chitmahal residents carrying the “flags of enclaves”, one half of which is made from the Indian Tricolour and other half from Bangladeshi national flag.

J&K: Army foils militant bid to enter camp; kills three in operation  encounter stillon— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 5, 2014
125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won’t forget them.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 5, 2014
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said.
Another pic of food items carried by the slain terrorists in Uri. They were prepared for a long haul. @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/O2TV2gtgdv
— Man Aman Chhina (@manaman_chhina) December 5, 2014
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah termed the attack as a desperate attempt by militants to disrupt peace in the state. “Once again shows the  desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy,” he tweeted.
Officials said that after crossing the LoC, the militants, who were dressed in army fatigues, fired on an army patrol and then killed three guards at the gate of the camp. While one militant took position at the gate, five others went inside and opened fire, killing two more personnel of the artillery unit.
The militant at the gate, on the other hand, attacked a police party led by Uri’s Sub Divisional Police Officer, which came near the camp, killing three policemen, including an assistant sub inspector.
A defence spokesperson in Srinagar said, “Troops in the camp retaliated immediately and engaged the militants. Neighbouring units immediately mobilised their Quick Reaction Teams (QRT) and surrounded the area.”
An army spokesman said as QRT vehicles from the neighbouring 24 Punjab Battalion reached the camp, the militant at the gate opened fire on them. A couple of vehicles went off the road and overturned, killing three army personnel, including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar (40), Havaldar Subhash Chand (40) and Lance Naik Gurmail Singh (36). While the family of Kumar, who was the second-in-command of his unit, lives in Danapur Cantt, Chand was from Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh and Singh from Makhanpur in Jammu.
The army spokesman said, “The militant at the gate was immediately eliminated by the troops. During the operation, a barrack also caught fire, presumably because of a kerosene heater, in which some soldiers got trapped. The operation lasted for six hours and by 9.30 am all the militants were eliminated.”
The fact that the militants split in groups — with one taking position at the gate to counter the reaction teams — showed “planning and training”, said Army sources in Delhi. The army said six automatic rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, two night-vision binoculars, four radio sets, 32 unused grenades, a medical kit and and a large quantity of warlike stores that could have sustained them for four or five days were recovered from the slain militants. Sources said the attackers, who had possibly planned a seige and take hostages, knew the topography of the area.
After the attack, the army launched a massive search operation in neighbouring Boneyar and Rampur areas.
Other armymen who were killed have been identified as Naik Panna Lal Yadav (35) from Mauliya in Azamgarh; Gunner Satnam Singh (32) from Amritsar; Lance Naik Sukhwinder Singh (31) from Sooch in Bhatinda; DMT Kuldeep Kumar (27) from Kheri Bullan in Jind; and Gunner Manpreet Singh (28) from Gurdaspur.
Apart from the Mohura attack, there were three more militancy-related incidents in the Kashmir valley. Two militants were killed at Ahmadnagar neighbourhood in the outskirts of Srinagar when they walked into J&K police’s mobile check-point. “The militants were asked to stop at a checking point but they tried to escape and were killed in an encounter,’’ Inspector General of Police, Kashmir range, Abdul Gani Mir said. He said the police had set up check-points at various places ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Srinagar visit on December 8. “The militants who were killed were planning to enter the city,” Mir said. One of the militants was identified as Qari Asrar of Lashkar-e-Toiba.
In South Kashmir’s poll-bound Tral and Shopian towns, militants hurled grenades at security forces. While there was no casualty at Shopian, two civilians were killed and six were injured in the grenade blast in Tral.

In break from habit  Congress to name list early thistimeWritten by Naveed Iqbal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:39 am
The Congress has begun its poll preparations a lot earlier than usual with an announcement inviting applications for the Delhi Assembly elections.
The AAP has already released two lists of candidates and the BJP is set to release its list soon. Usually, the Congress is the last to announce its list of candidates. But Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely had earlier stated that the party will change this norm this election and will release its lists sooner.
Senior party leader Haroon Yusuf said the party invites applications from its workers every election. “We are a democratic party and everyone who works for the party should get a chance to contest elections,” he said.
Inviting “prospective candidates,” party spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said the Congress is open to accepting applications from all 70 Assembly constituencies in the capital.
In the previous Assembly election, the party received 1,600 applications, including those from sitting MLAs. Seventy of them, mostly former ministers and MLAs in the Sheila Dikshit government, received tickets.
Sharma said the Congress has already begun its election campaign and the names of the party candidates will be finalised at the earliest. Interested candidates will have to provide their  “entire life history and also furnish details about court cases, if any, against them”. The last date to apply for a Congress ticket is December 20.

Shalini Kapoor  Alka Kaushal exit QuboolHaiBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:39 am
After entry of actress Additi Gupta, actresses Shalini Kapoor and Alka Kaushal will bid adieu to TV show ‘Qubool Hai’.
Shalini played Dilshad, grandmother of female lead Sanam and Sehar. Alka essayed a character with grey shades as Mumani. “Alka’s character will die following an electric shock,” said a source.
However, the decision over Shalini’s role still hangs in doubt. “Dilshad will be shown leaving for Haj,” the source added. It’s still not clear whether Dilshad will make a comeback on the Zee TV show.

Action Jackson movie review: Ajay Devgn doesnt need to stoop thislowWritten by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:39 am | Updated: December 7, 2014 3:33 pm
Movie review: Action Jackson
Star Cast: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Manasvi Mamgai, Yami Gautam
Director : Prabhu Dheva
The last Prabhu Dheva outing, R Rajkumar, was so unbearable that I thought I would be scarred for life. Action Jackson is almost as vile: the only reason I stuck around was to see if Ajay Devgn would start making like Prabhu Dheva by the end. No, he doesn’t.
That’s not the deal-breaker, though, because Ajay Devgn’s never been much of a one to shake a leg. And that’s perfectly okay because not all men have to be able to dance to prove their macho-ness. It’s that he has agreed to star in a film that is so gratingly awful, whose women are either dumb dodos, or doped-out vixens and who submit to being dumped on all the time, and whose comedy track consists of a guy (Kunaal Roy Kapur) getting slapped, one, two.
I can’t tell you more because there is nothing more. Ajay Devgn appears in a double role, the good-hearted gali ka goonda Vishy, and his look-alike, the sword-wielder AJ, whose chief ability is to slice and dice humans. Vishy’s girl is the wide-eyed Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha); AJ is made to swing between two women, the goody-two-shoes Gautam, and the wild-eyed, coke-snorting Mamgai, and face off with a villain who has, get this, a glass eye.
This could have been an entertainingly retro comic-book revenge saga, especially because it has a dashing bad girl who has more screen time, and much more neon-lit presence, than everyone else in the flick.
But Prabhu Dheva doesn’t have the skill sets to instill that knowing edge into his material; he shows no awareness, in fact, that it is risible. He wants to do Kill Bill part 4, but he is, at heart, a contortionist-cum-choreographer with a tiresome, jaded appetite for blood. This is PB trying for QT and falling flat on his nimble toes.
I’m seriously tired of watching Sonakshi Sinha making faces which her directors are content passing off as acting. And Ajay Devgn doesn’t need to stoop this low: so what if he can’t dance, he can keep a straight face while delivering a joke. And he can waggle a sword. Even Rohit Shetty’s brand of brainlessness is better than this straight-up disgusting fare.
If Prabhu Dheva had the smarts, he would have given Manasvi Mamgai a more filled-out part, and gone full leather-and-kink. But clearly that is not what the director is after: his idea of entertainment is to have his leading lady gaze at the leading man’s nether equipment and pass out.
I wish I had, while watching.

Dalit killings: Cops arrest kin who lodgedFIRBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:38 am
Police probing the murder of three members of a Dalit family in Javkheda Khalsa village in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra have arrested the complainant, a family member.
Inspector General of Police Pravin Salunke confirmed the arrest of Prashant Dilip Jadhav (29), who had filed the first information report at Pathardi police station. On October 21, bodies of Sanjay Jagganath Jadhav (42), his wife Jayshree (38) and their only son Sunil (19) were found in a well about half-a-km from their residence in Wagh Vasti, in Javkheda Khalsa village. Some body parts were recovered in a ditch dug for a borewell.
Police produced Prashant, a nephew of Sanjay Jadhav, in a local court in Pathardi. The court remanded him in police custody till December 13. Police said the vehicle and weapons used in the crime, besides clothes have been recovered. Police said family dispute had led to the murder.
Police are probing whether there were any accomplices. They are probing whether hired killers were used in the crime.
Sanjay’s mother, however, said police should arrest the “real” culprits.

Romantic-comedy Tu Mera HerolaunchedBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:41 am
New TV show ‘Tu Mera Hero’, about a lazy lad, was launched here Thursday and the makers claim that it will be like a breath of fresh air when it goes on air Dec 22 on Star Plus.
Touted as a romantic-comedy, the story of the show centre’s around Titu and his ladylove Panchi, and how their chemistry works despite the former’s laid-back attitude towards life.
Priyanshu Jora, who will be seen as Titu, said that the show would have “a unique concept”.
“’Tu Mera Hero’ has a different concept. Unlike other women-oriented daily soaps where focus is on ‘saas-bahu’ fights, we will depict the journey of Titu and Panchi in a unique way. Every character is given equal amount of space in the show,” Priyanshu told IANS.
“Titu is a lazy and relax kind of a person, but he has a great sense of humour. People are going to have a laughter ride with him. What makes him unique is his different take on life,” he added.
Sonia Balani is roped in to play Panchi and she describes her character as a romantic girl who dreams of having a perfect life partner.
“Her character is similar to ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’ and ‘Dil To Pagal Hai’ types. She dreams of fairy tales. She wants everything perfect in her life,” she said.
Replacing Star Plus’ thriller ‘Ek Hasina Thi’, ‘Tu Mera Hero’ will also star veteran actor Akhilendra Mishra and Amita Khopkar as Titu’s parents.
At the launch, the lead pair did a romantic scene.
Extensively shot in Mathura, the show promises to bring out the finest aspects of life.
With different genres of shows like ‘Diya Aur Baati Hum’, ‘Everest’ and ‘Nisha Aur Uske Cousins’, Star Plus is trying to widen its target audience with ‘Tu Mera Hero’.

Candy Crush to launch its own clothes  handbags | Amazon launches  ethical  diapersCandy Crush to launch designer clothes, handbags; inks licensing deal with Dream Theatre
By Ratna Bhushan , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.20AM IST
0
Share More
 King Digital Entertainment Plc, has signed licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush products across South Asia.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Developers of Candy Crush Saga , perhaps the world's most popular online and mobile game, plans to cash in on its popularity in India by launching high-street designer clothes , handbags , shoes and, of course, candies under the Candy Crush brand.
King Digital Entertainment Plc, the London-based owner of Candy Crush, has signed an exclusive licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush branded products across South Asia.
"Since women between 18-25 years have been identified as the primary consumers of Candy Crush, our core focus for extending the game to products is women's fashion clothing, accessories, handbags, footwear and even home furnishing," said Jiggy George, founder and CEO of Dream Theatre, an entertainment, sports, fashion licensing and brand management firm.
Dream Theatre is close to signing a contract with a top Indian fashion designer, he said, but refused to name the person.
In July, fashion designer Manish Arora had showcased a fall/winter collection for Amprapali jewellery inspired by Candy Crush.
George said Dream Theatre will also partner a confectionery player to leverage the obvious synergy between Candy Crush and confectionery by launching Candy Crush candies and confectionery.
Candy Crush Saga, a match three-puzzle video game developed by King Digital in 2012 on Facebook, and later as a mobile app for smartphones, surpassed Farmville 2 as the most popular game on Facebook last year, with over 46 million average monthly users. Candy Crush has been installed over 600 million times on Facebook and iOS/Android devices, and was the most downloaded iOS app last year.
It enjoys huge popularity in India too. "The Candy Crush is like a new-age virus - whatever its pros or cons may be," said Shailendra Singh, joint MD of entertainment and sports marketing firm Percept.
He said recently at a function in Meerut he saw one of the people manning a sweets stall playing Candy Crush on his mobile.
The brand licensing market in India is estimated at $450 million, or about Rs 2,780 crore, at retail sales. It's not even 1% of the global market estimated at $200 billion, but is growing about 20% a year, helped by online retail and organised retail.
Licensing content and characters emanating from digital games and applications is a fast accelerating trend, replacing television and cartoon characters.
Angry Birds, the first such success, has so far been the biggest hit with two billion downloaded games worldwide. Angry Birds has followed the original game with multiple extensions, animation shorts and an upcoming movie in 2016.
For the Indian market, Dream Theatre, which also has licensing rights for Angry Birds, has launched products across 14 categories, including toys, board games, apparel and stationery.
Angry Birds' branded products are now available across 1,500 stores besides multiple online platforms.
George said with rights to licences for three digital properties — Candy Crush, Angry Birds and Talking Tom app — Dream Theatre was targeting Rs 150 crore of retail sales within three years.
Globally, the gaming market is forecast to grow to $103 billion by 2017 with mobile gaming doubling its share to 34%.
King Digital's latest results showed profits down by 20% in the July-September quarter compared to last year, and it has been trying to increase market share in an intensely competitive mobile game industry.
King Digital's stock-market debut in March this year was among the worst in the US. The company said it was diversifying beyond its core Candy Crush game and that its 'non-Candy Crush' game portfolio is now contributing 49% of its revenues.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

5 personnel  2 cops killed in terror attack in J&K | Govt to visit valley regularlyMilitants attack Army camp in Uri, 7 Army men, 3 cops dead
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.13AM IST
According to reports, three-four militants entered the Army camp near LoC in Uri town of Baramulla district and opened fire at the army bunker. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRINAGAR: A Lt Colonel and six Army personnel besides three policemen were killed in a pre-dawn attack by militants today on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which is going to polls on December 9.
Five militants were also among those killed in the attack that comes just four days ahead of third phase of Assembly polls in Uri and six other constituencies of Baramulla district.
Militants carried out the attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri tehsil at around 3.10 AM and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
Uri, which is near the Line of Control, is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to campaign on Monday.
Official sources said seven Army personnel including a Lt Col, three policemen and five militants were among those killed in the attacks.
Army, however, confirmed the killing of only four personnel including the Lt Col.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, "It is possible that this has happened because of elections... We will eliminate the remaining militants who are trapped."
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a "desperate attempt" to disrupt peace and normalcy.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," he tweeted.
Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and army were responding to the attack.
"Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It's an ongoing encounter," he said.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.
Parrikar also said that the Army has been intercepting terrorists and eliminating them.
"Last few days, the Army has been intercepting the terrorists and eliminating them. So, I think it is a sign of increased interception by the army," he said.

RIL signs pact with Mexican firm for oil & g...Reliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm PEMEX for oil and gas hunt
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 06.28PM IST
RIL & PEMEX will also share expertise & skills in relevant areas of oil & gas industry, including for deep-water oil & gas exploration & production.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Billionaire Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries (RIL) has entered into a pact with Mexico's national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) to explore upstream oil and gas business opportunities in that country, the Indian energy conglomerate said on Friday.
The deal will give RIL a gateway into Mexico, the 10th-largest crude producer in the world. RIL has faced issues relating to gas pricing for its output from the Krishna-Godavari basin which has also been declining. Therefore, the company is looking at new opportunities including geographical diversification, according to people aware of the strategy.
"RIL's cooperation with Pemex is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms. The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for exploration and production business and for RIL on the whole," the company said in a statement.
RIL is locked in a bitter dispute with the government, which was triggered by the government's decision to deny the recovery of part of its development costs, when Jaipal Reddy was the oil minister during the UPA regime. The ministry blames the company for the sharp fall in output and says production dropped because RIL did not drill the promised number of wells. The company says the oil ministry's action violates its contract, and that production fell because of geological complexity.
Mexico is in the process of reforming its energy sector and is inviting partners to end the monopoly of Pemex to boost the sector. Prior to this, in September, Pemex had signed a pact with ONGC Videsh, the overseas arm of staterun ONGC, to jointly explore opportunities in Mexico.
According to the agreement, RIL and Pemex will assess potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value-added opportunities in international markets. The two companies will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of the oil and gas industry, including deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Brent slips below $70 after Saudi Arabia cut...Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Sensex in a range; Defence stocks firing on all cylinders  surge 9%Sensex trading in a range, Nifty holds 8550; top ten stocks in focus
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 11.09AM IST
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28593.62, up 30 points or 0.11 per cent. It touched a high of 28651.75 and a low of 28560.21 in trade today.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range with a positive bias on Friday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. ITC, ICICI Bank , L&T were top Sensex gainers.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in range but above its crucial psychological level of 8575, supported by gains in capital goods, auto, banks and oil & gas stocks.
At 11:07 am, the Sensex was at 28,582.12; up 19.30 points.
The Nifty was at 8,570.90; up 6.50 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
SAIL: Government's five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share tomorrow, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.5 per cent lower at Rs 83.95.
Coal India Ltd: As many as 27 mines of Coal India having geological reserves of 1200 million tonnes are yet to begin production, Parliament was informed today.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 356.65.
Axis Bank Ltd: Country's third largest private sector lender Axis Bank today raised Rs 5,705 crore in infrastructure bonds in a single-largest closure since the instrument was introduced in July.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 503.40.
Dena Bank Ltd: State-run lender Dena Bank plans to sell Rs 400-500 crore of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies in the last quarter of the fiscal, a senior bank official said here today.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 62.30.
MCX Ltd: Country's largest commodity exchange MCX today invited expressions of interest from potential investors to divest its stake in MCX-SX and MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 890.50.
ONGC: Amid falling global crude prices, subsidy-sharing formula for oil is holding up disinvestment of government stake in ONGC , a key element of the finance ministry's plan to meet the fiscal deficit target for the current financial year, said media reports. At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 370.80.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the Indian drugmaker.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent higher at Rs 628.30.
SpiceJet: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has decided to withdraw credit facility relating to airport user fees to the financially-embattled low-cost carrier SpiceJet at all airports in the country from Thursday midnight
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 8 per cent lower at Rs 17.
Sahara Group stocks: As it tries to raise funds for securing release of chief Subrata Roy from Tihar jail, the Sahara group on Thursday sold a big land parcel in Gurgaon near here for Rs.1,211 crore to realty firm M3M India Ltd , said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; Sahara Housingfina Corporation Ltd was trading 0.1 per cent lower at Rs 50.
Mangalore Chemicals Ltd: Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd rallied as much as 14.1 per cent in trade on Friday, after Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group said that it will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 8.8 per cent higher at Rs 93.75.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Re gains 12p to 61.80 against dollar in early tradeRupee gains 12 paise to 61.80 against dollar in early trade
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 09.59AM IST
Forex dealers said besides increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks, the dollar's weakness against other currencies overseas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The rupee strengthened by 12 paise to 61.80 against the dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on increased selling of the US currency by exporters and banks amid persistent foreign capital inflows.
Forex dealers said besides increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks, the dollar's weakness against other currencies overseas, supported the rupee.
A higher opening in the domestic equity market also strengthened the rupee, they added.
The rupee had ended one paisa down at 61.92 against the Greenback yesterday.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex spurted by 88.93 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 28,651.75 in early trade today.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Govt kicks off FY15 s first selloff with SAIL OFS @ Rs 83 apiece; stock down 2%SAIL OFS commences at Rs 83/share; stock down over 2%
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.33AM IST
0
Share More
At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading 1.23 per cent lower at Rs 84.30. The stock hit a low of Rs 83.50 and a high of Rs 84.70 in trade today.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) Ltd slipped as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Friday as the government launched its one-day offer-for-sale (OFS) at a floor price of Rs 83. The base price was set at a discount of about 2.75 per cent to Thursday's closing price of Rs 85.35 on the BSE .
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official.
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) today.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal, ET reported.
Of the total, Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake, added the report.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Vellode bird sanctuary droppings are under lab testUpdated: December 5, 2014 10:47 IST
Vellode bird sanctuary droppings are under lab test
R. Krishnamoorthy
Tweet
Birds at the Vellode sanctuary near Erode are under constant watch of the Animal Husbandry and Forest Department. File photo
Laboratory tests of bird droppings at the Vellode Bird Sanctuary are being performed to rule out incidence of bird flu, Forest Department sources said.
There must be roughly about 24,000 migratory birds in the sanctuary with a water spread of 100 acres. Bird watchers and forest guards are keeping a close watch at the feeding spots to determine if there has been any bird death.
Disinfectants sourced from the Poultry Disease Diagnostic Laboratory in Erode are being sprayed on vehicles entering the sanctuary under the guidance of an Animal Husbandry Department team stationed in the sanctuary where more bird arrivals are expected in the coming months.
Similar bio-security measures have been put in place in all the 487 poultries for broiler chicken and nine hatcheries for country chicken across Erode district. Entry of outsiders was restricted. Bird handlers had been asked to strictly wear hand gloves and gum boots, and abide by other safety protocol. The poultry units were asked to spray disinfectants on bushes in the surroundings and shoo away crows and eagles, to eliminate scope of spread of the disease through droppings, officials said.
Droppings of the birds being reared were being cleaned at frequent intervals to prevent foul smell. All poultries had been instructed to immediately report to nearest Rapid Response Team of veterinarians any incidence of bird death. Forty-two such teams have fanned out to various parts of the 14 blocks in the district.
A day after the bird flu incidence was confirmed following large-scale deaths of ducks in a neighbouring Kerala district last month, the Animal Husbandry Department here had set up check posts at Bannari, Kadambur and Bargur. Vehicles from other States found transporting chicken, eggs and feed are being turned back, Joint Director of Animal Husbandry Department Jayaraman said, adding that daily reports were being sent to the Director of Animal Husbandry Department. Gobichettipalayam is another area where the Department was on alert mode. Poultries have been advised to desist from rearing ducks and chickens at the same location, Dr. Jayaraman said.
RELATED NEWS

J-K: At least 2 cops killed as militants storm Uri army campTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Take Rs 50 000 and abort pregnancy  Bihar panchayat tells  raped  minorComments
The 16-year-old wants justice; they are offering her money - Rs. 50,000 to abort a pregnancy allegedly caused by rape and move on with life.
This is a diktat a panchayat in Kishanganj district of eastern Bihar has passed after hearing the seven-month pregnant minor who wants her rapist to be ordered to marry her.
In her complaint to the police earlier this week, the girl alleged a man, assisted by three of his brothers, had raped her.
"When I approached the elders of my village, they held a panchayat and ordered me to take Rs. 50,000 and undergo an abortion," the girl said in her complaint.
The panchayat decision is not the first to raise eyebrows in the poor state, which has been demanding "special category" status from the central government for years.
Kishanganj, where Muslims constitute about 70% of the population, is among the most backward districts of Bihar, with a high poverty rate and a low literacy level.
The Kishanganj panchayat diktat comes barely two months after a similar decision was taken by an assembly of elders at a village in Muzaffarpur district in north Bihar.
The Muzaffarpur panchayat had advised a 14-year-old rape victim to accept Rs. 2 lakh from the alleged rapist and abort her pregnancy.
The women's police station in-charge who received the Kishanganj girl's complaint said, "We are probing the matter to ascertain the authenticity of the complaint."
According to the police official, the minor is from an extremely poor family. Her parents are labourers: the father often migrates in search of work and mother works in the agricultural fields for daily wages.
A section of villagers in the Kishanganj village did not sound sympathetic towards the minor.
"We often have girls falling in love, becoming pregnant and then running from pillar to post to seek justice," said a villager who did not want to be named.
Two years ago, another panchayat in Kishanganj district had banned girls and women from using mobile phones in a response to cases of elopement.
The panchayat members had then insisted the ban was a well-intentioned step to preserve moral values.

Prefer Asian Paints: CK Narayan08:00 am
CK Narayan, Managing Director of Growth Avenues told CNBC-TV18, "It is clearly a play on oil prices staying down and oil derivative stocks doing pretty well. In Asian Paints , there are no arguments or there are no doubts about the pedigree there. So, there really doesn’t seem to be a halt. I think it should continue as long as oil doesn’t spike upward and spoil this particular party; I don’t see a halt for Asian Paints. So, in a good market I would be happy to put more money into Asian Paints."
At 09:48 hrs Asian Paints was quoting at Rs 793, up Rs 2.75, or 0.35 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 797.30 and an intraday low of Rs 792.70.
RELATED NEWS

Maruti Suzuki: Updates on production data of November 2014Dec 05, 2014, 10.16 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Maruti Suzuki: Updates on production data of November 2014
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the production figures of the Company for the month of November 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti Suzuki: Updates on production data of November 2014
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the production figures of the Company for the month of November 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the production figures of the Company for the month of November 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Indian American to lead House panel in MarylandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Real Estate Newsletter - December 01 to 05  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amazon launches ethical diapersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

UPDATE 1-Brent extends losses below $70 after Saudi price cutThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Death in India lurks in poisoned water on the rim of coal fieldsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vijay s 22-Year Journey: Ilayathalapathy Thanks Fans  Directors  Producers in HeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

As per pivot fibonacci  amtekauto has a support of 211.19/209.76/207.4...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear vuppala1948. if we go by the impact of 1st unit under constructio...Platinum Member
58 Followers
Dear vuppala1948. If we go by the impact of 1st unit under construction/ commissioning on its bottom line then stock trading at 33PE is still cheap. Impact of 2nd unit scheduled to be commissioned in FY16 is still not factored in. GREAT STOTY.GREAT BUSINESS......GREAT COMPANY. I could add only upto 1622 and missed the further rally. Let us hope it may coll down in future but chances not looking great.
In reply to : vuppala1948 message
10.59 AM Dec 5th

Reema was looking hot..enjoyed full night  thanks bro ...0 Follower
Reposted about 11 days 17 hrs 43 min 55 sec ago by market hero
All pro are queuing up in front of KF villa to apply for the BOARD Chairman post. After all they have the experience to run this mmb board na!!!

Granules is unnecessarily sluggish at current levels. its scope is imm...Platinum Member
590 Followers
Granules is unnecessarily sluggish at current levels. Its scope is immense. I expect it to double after Q3 results.It is almost as good as Ajanta Pharma. Both are Great companies. - My target for Granules India is Rs 1600 for the short term

India can do without an unsafe quadricycleIndia can do without an unsafe quadricycle, says Venu Srinivasan
Murali Gopalan
N SRIDHARAN Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing Director of TVS Motor Company Ltd
TVS Motor chief says a “vulnerable and unfit” four wheel alternative should not be launched.
December 5, 2014:  
Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing Director of TVS Motor Company, believes that a quadricycle as a mobility solution will do little in improving road safety and emissions.
“It is true that three-wheelers are less safe and also have higher emissions than cars. But the answer then is to introduce a new class of vehicles which are very safe and low in emissions and not what is currently defined as a quadricycle,” he says.
According to Srinivasan, the current definition is a “retrograde step” and the Government could, consequently, miss an important opportunity to make Indian roads and environment safer.  “In this backdrop, it seems surprising that someone actually wants to launch a quadricycle that is less safe and more polluting,” he says.
Changing norms
Srinivasan draws attention to the time the Centre, under the Ministry of Surface Transport, set up a committee under the chairmanship of Dinesh Tyagi to frame norms for the quadricycle. These were apparently set at around 30 per cent lower than four-wheelers but distinctly better than those existing for three-wheelers.
“Surprisingly, though, the Government ignored the recommendations and put out a new set of norms that were aligned largely to three-wheelers,” Srinivasan says. In short, he adds, the Tyagi committee report set the standards which were subsequently diluted rather blatantly.
“That the Government should set up an expert panel and then subvert its recommendations themselves is strange. What motivated them to do this is puzzling to say the least,” he says.
From Srinivasan’s point of view, this is “astonishing” especially when there is a new Motor Vehicles Act in place which prescribes a host of safety measures for cars/two-wheelers and imposes stiff punishments for violations.
“Why then should this country legislate a vehicle with 1980s safety norms? It is not in the best interest of our society,” he says. The answer, according to him, lies in upgrading three-wheelers to meet emission and safety norms instead of getting regressive.
“If this vehicle is launched as a commercial mode of transport and later enters the personal use space, it would cause grievous harm to society,” Srinivasan cautions. According to him, quadricycles have higher fatalities than cars across the world. One could be moving at 30kmph but cannot do much if a bus or truck knocks the vehicle on the side and it is completely crumpled as a result. “Eventually, the risk comes from a heavier vehicle hitting a lighter one as is the case with most Indian cities where we see this happening ever so often,” Srinivasan says.
It is also impossible to ensure exclusive space for lighter vehicles simply because there are not enough roads. “There is no justification to introduce something as vulnerable and unfit as a quadricycle in this chaotic ecosystem,” he adds.
Clearing the air
Srinivasan reiterates that, contrary to common perception, TVS Motor does not have a vested interest in the quadricycle project. “I would like to say that we do not have a quadricycle planned at this point in time,” he says. Solutions are eventually about “public interest and not narrow private interests”. Srinivasan maintains that his views are just not about a particular product’s use being debated but in ensuring that the best solutions are in place for the benefit of society. Indian manufacturers are more than equipped to rise to the challenge and present appropriate solutions.
“The country can certainly do without a cheap and unsafe alternative when we should be moving ahead towards safer, low-emission vehicles,” he says. Any form of urban transport ought to be defined with the future in mind and not an incremental improvement on the past “as in this case”. 
Greener solutions
The need of the hour, he adds, is to promote lighter urban vehicles for the future with high safety and low emissions especially with cities are getting increasingly congested. “India should be looking at ultra low emission vehicles like electric hybrids or pure electric vehicles with speeds of 50 kmph,” Srinivasan says.
It is equally imperative for manufacturers to be proactive with mobility solutions. As a result, “we need to be ahead of the Government and show them the way” in framing appropriate policies.
“Manufacturers should take cognisance of society and not end up becoming retrograde. Therefore, make airbags mandatory as also helmets if you need to save lives,” Srinivasan says. India is changing rapidly with people opting for a host of mobility solutions as the pressure on public transport increases. This only means that there is a need to have a cohesive environment and safety roadmap for the future.
“After all, we are still lagging behind the world on these issues. For instance, the particulate matter in India is 20 times average global levels and has doubled over the last five years,” Srinivasan says. Delhi is often cited as the benchmark for emissions since the time compressed natural gas became mandatory a decade ago but the air quality in the city is still far worse than Beijing’s. 
Refreshed rules
”In conclusion, I must reiterate that the Government must revisit the proposed rules for quadricycles and align them close to M1 or car category of vehicles. This would be in the best interests of society and in line with the the new Motor Vehicles Act,” Srinivasan says.
 
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

RIL signs pact with Petroleos MexicanosHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Reliance signs pact with Pemex for oil hunt in Mexico
Our Bureau
Partners to look for value-added opportunities in international markets too
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) and Mexico’s state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) have entered into an agreement for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico. They will also jointly evaluate value-added opportunities in international markets.
RIL and Pemex will share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry, including for deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
According to an industry expert, Mexico is one of the last few low-hanging fruits available for oil exploration, situated in an area with proven deepwater potential, ready infrastructure, oil services capability and oil evacuation options. For RIL, this could serve as an option for risk diversification of supply from several countries. It will also enable the company to redeploy its workforce to outside projects as not much is happening in India due to lack of approvals.
Partnership options
RIL could also explore JV options with US oil companies such as Shell and Exxon, which have significant experience in the US Gulf of Mexico for bidding/developing oil blocks.
“Possible partnership options, however, can only be finalised on a block by block basis looking at the risk – reward and the technology required. RIL might have to settle for a minority position,” said a market analyst.
According to recent reports, around 270 locations with more than 2,300 exploration opportunities have been identified in deepwater. Also, due to the shale oil boom in the US, Mexico is likely to be more dependent on exports of oil, particularly heavy oil to Asia, and may look for strategic partnerships from this region.
“RIL, with its complex refinery, could serve as a favourable destination for such trade, resulting in a win-win for all,” the analyst said.
Long-term value
RIL said in a statement the company’s cooperation with Pemex is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes with attractive competitive terms.
“The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for the exploration and production business and for RIL on the whole.”
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex trading flat: US jobs data eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Saudi Arabia slashes January oil prices for Asia  USSaudi Arabia slashes January oil prices for Asia, US
Reuters | London Dec 05, 2014 10:07 AM IST
Saudi Arabia slashed its oil prices for Asian and US buyers on Thursday, in a move some analysts said shows it is stepping up its battle for market share a week after refusing to support OPEC output cuts.
Official Selling Prices (OSPs) for oil from the largest producer and exporter in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries have been seen as possible indications of the kingdom's oil policies.
Some analysts have said sharp drops in OSPs in recent months show the kingdom is fighting for market share with other producers, but others have said the OSPs only reflect the market and are a backward-looking rather than a forward-looking indicator.
The discounts on Saudi crude oil for Asian customers in January were the biggest since at least 2002, according to Reuters data, while prices were cut to the United States for the fifth month in a row.
"(The) Saudis are making it clear they don't want to lose market share," Richard Mallinson, an analyst at consultancy Energy Aspects, told the Reuters Global Oil Forum.
Saudi Arabia and other rich Gulf producers last week blocked proposals from poorer OPEC members, such as Venezuela and Algeria, to cut output to support oil prices, which have plummeted by over a third since June.
OPEC sources have said Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi told the OPEC ministerial meeting behind closed doors that OPEC should defend its market share, because production cuts would only boost rival producers, including US shale oil companies.
According to the sources, Naimi did not give any indication how far prices would need to fall for Saudi Arabia to consider cutting production.
Oil prices have been volatile since the OPEC meeting and are down around 40% since June. On Thursday, Brent crude fell, trading below $70 per barrel.
Aramco cut the January price for its Arab Light grade for Asian customers by $1.90 a barrel from December to a discount of $2 a barrel to the Oman/Dubai average.
The Arab Light OSP to the United States was set at a premium of $0.90 a barrel to the Argus Sour Crude Index (ASCI) for January, down 70 cents from the previous month.
Arab Light OSPs to Northwest Europe were raised by 20 cents for January from the previous month to a discount of $3.15 a barrel to the Brent Weighted Average (BWAVE).

JBF Industries hits record high; stock soars over 60% in two weeksJBF Industries hits record high; stock soars over 60% in two weeks
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 10:43 AM IST
JBF Industries has surged 17% to Rs 269, also its record high on National Stock Exchange (NSE), on back of heavy volumes.
The stock opened at Rs 231 and has seen a combined 2.18 million shares changing hands on the counter till 1036 hours on NSE and BSE.
Shares of the company engaged in the business of producing polyester based products, has rallied 61% from Rs 167 on November 21 after the company said its promoter acquired shares through open market transactions.
On November 21, Bhagirath Arya, one of the promoters of the company, had purchased 90,000 shares or 0.14% stake via open market. Earlier, on November 19, Bhagirath Arya bought 50,000 shares or 0.07% stake through market purchase, the company said in a filing.
Meanwhile, on November 28, 2014 JPMSL A/c Copthall Mauritius Investment Ltd bought 2.51 million shares of JBF Industries at Rs 217.23 on the NSE.
However, Chinar Arya Mittal, also the promoter of the company, had sold part or 2.5 million shares of the company at Rs 217.25 per share, data shows.
Analyst at Nirmal Bang has recommended ‘accumulate’ rating on the stock saying that the fall in Indian crude oil basket price will boost gross margin of the company.
With the fall in crude oil prices, its working capital requirement will reduce significantly, which will ease the high debt equity ratio and also reduce interest costs to that extent, analyst said in a report.
Raw material costs accounted for 72.9% of FY14 net sales. The costs of most of the raw materials like pure terephthalic acid or PTA (69.8% of raw material consumption) and mono ethylene glycol or MEG (25.6%l) are linked to crude oil prices. The costs of these raw materials accounted for around 72.0% of net sales and, therefore, the fall in Indian crude oil basket price will boost gross margin, it added.
 

Broader markets outperform; BSE Mid-cap index up 1%Broader markets outperform; BSE Mid-cap index up 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 10:39 AM IST
The broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices as investors bought mid-cap and small-cap stocks that are available at attractive valuations.
At 10:40AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 50 points at 28,613 and the 50-share Nifty was up 17 points at 8,581.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were 0.7-0.1% each.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 474 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
The Indian rupee was trading higher at Rs 61.84 to the US dollar compared to the  previous close of Rs 61.92 as most Asian currencies have firmed up against the US currency.
Asian stocks were trading mixed with Chinese shares witnessing profit taking. Nikkei was trading marginally higher at 0.1% while Straits Times was up 0.5% and Hang Seng gained 0.7%.
BSE Capital Goods index was the top sectoral gainer up 0.9% followed by FMCG and Metal indices among others. However, IT index was the sole loser down 0.8%.
Index heavyweights Reliance Industries and ITC were up 0.8-0.9% contributing the most to gains on the Sensex.
BHEL was up 0.6% after the company commissioned the sixth unit of 412 MW Rampur hydel power project in Himachal Pradesh. L&T was up 0.6%. The state-owned equipment maker has now completed commissioning all the six units -- each having 68.67 MW generation capacity -- of the plant, operated by SJVN Ltd.The project is located on the Satluj river. L&T was up 0.9%.
ICICI Bank, HDFC, Axis Bank, M&M and Bharti Airtel were among the other Sensex gainers.
Among IT majors Infosys, TCS and Wipro were down 0.6-1.5% each.
SAIL was down 1.8% as the government will kick-start its divestment process by selling its stake in the steel major. The floor price for disinvestment in Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) will be set at Rs 83 a share, slightly lower than its closing price of Rs 83.35 on the BSE on Thursday, according to an exchange filing.
Among other shares, Shares of Mastek were up over 4% at Rs 278 after the company announced that its overseas arm Mastek UK Ltd has won a contract from Unum. Unum is one of the leading providers of financial protection in the United Kingdom.
Market breadth was positive with 1,102 gainers and 468 losers on the BSE.

The death that stopped a nationUpdated: December 2, 2014 02:23 IST
The death that stopped a nation
Greg Chappell
RADIATING JOY: As can be seen by the outpouring of love and affection for Phillip Hughes this week, he has left behind his fair share of positive vibrations. - FILE PHOTO
TOPICS
cricket
It is appropriate that we all pause and consider the life of a warm and humble young man who played the game with joy, writes Greg Chappell
As I struggled to come to grips with the untimely death of Phillip Hughes last week, I thought of the words of the spiritual master, Amit Ray, who said, “It does not matter how long you are spending on earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters.”
The response from around the world has been staggering. His death has stopped the Australian nation in an unprecedented way.
This has been Australia’s Princess Diana moment.
As the events of the week unfolded, I pondered what we can learn from this tragic accident and I came to realise that what we must take from this is the legacy of how Phillip lived his life.
Phillip Hughes was someone who attacked life and his beloved cricket with passion; he never complained if breaks didn’t go his way and he approached each day with a belief that tomorrow would be better than today.
If he liked someone, he would give them everything that he had; if he didn’t, he would stay out of their way and let them get on with their life. Phillip didn’t waste time gossiping. Ironically, he thought life was too short to waste on negativity.
As a batsman, Phillip was unique. His homespun method was unlike any other, but he had a drive to make runs that few players have possessed.
I always believed that he would make it at the highest level because he had made runs, lots of them, at every level on the way up. I had no doubt that he was going to find a way to do it whenever that next opportunity arose.
Already, in the 26 Tests that he played, he had shown what he was capable of, if he got a start. I had no doubt that he would do more of that in the future.
Positive approach
Phillips’s method, hewn on the family farm in Macksville, was not the main reason that he had succeeded as a batsman. His indomitable spirit, positive approach and hunger to make runs were his greatest assets.
I didn’t spend a lot of time with Phillip, but when I did I was struck by his cheekiness and zest for life, his love for his family and his beloved cattle back on the farm. His passion for cricket was only marginally stronger than his desire to breed champion cattle.
I only talked batting with Phillip on a few occasions, but on those occasions I realised that we shared a similar philosophy. We both believed that we had a bat in our hands for one reason and one reason only and that was to score runs; defence was the last option.
This attitude defined him as a batsman. It was his greatest strength and it was his greatest weakness. He was working hard on adding to his leg side repertoire to make it harder for opponents to stop him scoring and to even out the bumps in his batting career.
If one is to make it against the best bowlers in the world, one has to keep developing one’s method or the bowlers and opposition captains will find ways to dry up the runs.
Phillip was largely an off-side player when he burst on the Test scene as a 20-year-old. His preference was to stay to the leg side of the ball and slash anything short or slightly wide of off stump, through the off side; usually square or backward of square.
Soon opposition sides began to bowl much straighter and fuller to him. This attack dried up his output and made him more vulnerable to dismissal when the ball was angled across his body as Chris Martin did so well in the 2011/12 series in Australia.
Phillip was working on making this approach less successful against him and appeared to be making good progress. He was never going to be Brian Lara or Adam Gilchrist, but he was becoming a better version of Phillip Hughes.
Freakish accident
Much has been made of the incident in Sydney that brought about his demise, but whichever way one looks at it, it was a freakish accident. The bowler banged it in on what was a slow, almost dead pitch. The ball rose as if in slow motion and Phillip completed the shot before the ball arrived.
Having completed the shot, Phillip had rotated around to the leg side which exposed the left side of his neck to the ball. In that position, according to the specialist that attended him, the vertebral artery, which carries the main blood supply to the brain stem, was exposed to the full force of the ball and it split. The resultant bleed into the brain was fatal.
None of this makes the game more dangerous than it was before Phillip’s death, but it does show that batting has its dangers and no amount of protective equipment can ensure that batsmen are completely safe.
Phillip would not want anyone to stop playing the game that he loved so much because of what happened to him.
It is appropriate though, that we all pause and consider the life of a warm and humble young man who played the game with joy.
It is also fitting that we grieve and spare a thought for his family and those who loved him, but we will honour him more if we take a leaf out of his book and play the game and live our lives the way that he lived his.
As can be seen by the outpouring of love and affection for Phillip this week, he has left behind his fair share of positive vibrations; and a game that cares for those who play it with true joy in their heart.

Easy exit norms for foreign investors in construction sectorNew Delhi, December 3, 2014
Updated: December 3, 2014 22:29 IST
Easy exit norms for foreign investors in construction sector
PTI
The measures are also likely to result in creation of much needed low cost affordable housing in the country and development of smart cities.
TOPICS
foreign investment
It has reduced minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and eased the exit norms.
To help attract foreign funds in construction of townships, hospitals and hotels, the government on Wednesday relaxed the FDI policy for this sector by easing exit norms and reducing built-up area and capital needs.
The revised norms relating to construction development sector has been notified by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP). India allows 100 per cent FDI in the sector through the automatic route.
The new policy has done away with the three-year lock-in period for repatriation of investment.
“The investor will be permitted to exit on completion of the project or after development of trunk infrastructure, that is, roads, water supply, street lighting, drainage and sewerage,” a DIPP circular said.
It is to be noted here, the official statement issued after the October 29 Cabinet meeting had mentioned that the investor can exit on completion of the project or “after three years from the date of final investment,” subject to development of trunk infrastructure.
Under the new policy, the minimum floor area requirement has been reduced to 20,000 square metres from 50,000 square metres earlier. It also brought down the minimum capital requirement to $5 million from $10 million.
In case of development of serviced plots, the condition of minimum land of 10 hectares has been completely removed. Reacting on the new policy, Chairman & Country Head of JLL India Anuj Puri said: “With the FDI policy now providing investors a much more attractive exit option...FII interest in the Indian construction sector is bound to increase.’’
DLF’s Executive Director (Finance) said the easing of exit norms would give flexibility to investors.
“Smaller projects can now attract FDI with reduction in minimum built-up area requirement,” he added. Although 100 per cent foreign direct investment was allowed in townships, housing and built-up infrastructure and construction developments since 2005, the government had imposed certain conditions.
The government expects the new measures would result in enhanced inflows into the construction development sector.
The measures are also likely to result in creation of much needed low cost affordable housing in the country and development of smart cities.
Between April, 2000, and August, 2014, the construction sector received FDI worth $23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
For affordable homes, the government has exempted the conditions of minimum floor area and capital requirement if an investee/joint venture companies commit at least 30 per cent of the total project cost for low-cost housing.

Top diplomats meet to speed up global coalition against Islamic statePrint
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, right, hits the gavel as he presides a meeting as Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, center, and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg attend the round table meeting of the global coalition to counter the Islamic State militant group at NATO headquarters in Brussels on Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014
By: Associated Press | Brussels |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:11 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 12:14 pm
Islamic State militants invaded Iraq’s west almost a year ago and overran the nation’s second-largest city in June, threatening death and torture to opponents in their way. But the world has been slow to respond, coming together on December 3 for the first high-level meeting of scores of nations now devoted to destroying the rampant insurgency.
The delay resulted from a succession of diplomatic disagreements and political snags, beginning with the very presence in power of the former Iraqi prime minister. Nouri al-Maliki remained in office, fueling widespread anger that, in turn, fed the Islamic State group. Not until right before al-Maliki stepped down in August did the United States and its allies strike back at the Islamic State group with a bombing campaign that has so far numbered more than 1,000 attacks. By that time, al-Maliki was seen as a lame-duck leader whose days in power were numbered.
But confusion and feuding among the allies — ranging from what support each nation was willing to give and how, to the overarching goal and result of the effort — also hobbled the international response.
Top diplomats attending a meeting of at least 60 countries on December 3 and international organizations acknowledged the slow start but said the coalition against the Islamic State is quickly getting up to speed.
One U.S. official described it as “the end of the beginning” of the war against the militants and noted near-unity on a number of fronts, including support for the new government in Baghdad, stopping foreign fighters from reaching battlegrounds in Iraq and Syria and the need for a political transition in Damascus that, potentially, could include the ouster of Syrian President Bashar Assad.
“We recognize that hard work remains to be done,” U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told the diplomats gathered at the start of the meeting, held at NATO headquarters in Brussels.
He said,  “the rise of Daesh was rapid” — using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State — and that the coalition’s success so far “has left those terrorists very exposed.”
“What was relatively easy for them last summer has become more difficult,” Kerry said.
Since then, Kerry said, the militants have been unable to easily travel and have seen their lucrative oil resources and command centers attacked. It also has been unable to wrest control of the continued…

Japan should be part of Make in India: Ravi Shankar PrasadICT
( Telecom minister Ravi…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has invited Japanese companies to invest in the 'Digital India' and 'Make in India' programmes.
Speaking at the second meeting of the India-Japan joint working group on information communications technology (ICT) in Delhi on Wednesday, Prasad said the Indian government has launched a massive programme to digitalise administrative functioning for improving efficiency and delivery of services, which can get a big push from an established ICT player like Japan.
The working group, which was formed in October 2013 to boost bilateral trade in ICT that stands at about 1% of the total trade, is also exploring cooperation in national ID application and utilisation project besides green technologies, cyber security and developing ICT in social and economic fields. Prasad led the Indian delegation while the Japanese side was headed by Yasuo Sakamoto, vice minister for policy coordination (international affairs).
The two sides are working towards joint projects in green mobile base station, cooperative structure for detecting and quick response to cyber attacks, under the Japan India Combat Spam Project, and a proposal for disaster management under ICT, where 100% foreign direct investment is permitted.
The cyber and networks security projects have been proposed by Japan's internal affairs and communications ministry.
The proposal of developing mobile base stations running on green energy has been proposed by Japan's KDDI Corporation while the disaster management project has been suggested by NTT Communications, sources said. Executives of Japanese telecom firm NEC Corp also met top officials from the telecom ministry to explore these mega technology joint ventures.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India will help achieve economy of scale: Tenneco India Chief'Make in India’ will help achieve economy of scale, says Tenneco India Chief
By Deepanshu Tomar , ET Bureau | 2 Dec, 2014, 12.42PM IST
Tweet
Pankaj Kapoor says that Tenneco India is focusing on increasing product localisation and technology upgrade at its plants in India.
US-based auto parts manufacturer Tenneco is looking at boosting its operation in India. The company is setting up a new manufacturing facility in Gujarat which is expected to be operationally next year. In an interview with Deepanshu Taumar , Deputy Managing Director, Tenneco India Pankaj Kapoor , says that the company is focusing on increasing product localisation and technology upgrade at its plants in India. Excerpts from the interview:
How do you see the " Make in India " campaign?
We appreciate the imitative taken by the new government to launch its 'Make in India' campaign recently and we feel especially automotive industry has the capability to take the full benefit of this campaign and make India one of the world's manufacturing hubs for many global companies. This will also lead to more localisation and the opportunity to achieve economies of scale for both international and domestic suppliers to help them become more competitive and help them grow their business in India. This will also help grow the overall economic activity in India with an increase of the manufacturing sector's share of GDP.
What is the current level of localisation and how do you see it in the near and long term future?
Ride Performance : Last few years this had been area of prime focus for us and we have already achieved this year around 88%of localization and in next couple of years we intend to increase this upto 95% as our Engineering and Sourcing team have worked hard in developing some key components locally by vertical integration of some parts and also by sourcing with local suppliers after a very thorough validations in India
Clean Air : We have achieved local content of 80% in clean air and will reach to a level of 84% in few years for our value addition excluding coated substrates.
Tenneco works with many domestic and global companies in India as well as abroad. How tough is customisation of parts for particular country or region?
Customer needs in Emerging Market like India may differ partly or sometimes entirely when compared with that of Mature Market regions . While performance and reliability expectations are more-or-less the same, product robustness and most importantly 'target costs' expectations are different. This poses a unique challenge for developing and introducing world class technologies at local price and robustness requirements. Other factors like environmental
Conditions, road conditions, duty cycle, customer usage, cost-of-ownership, useful life etc. also plays a very important role in customization of parts.
We have many examples already in India in both our Clean Air and Ride Performance business where we have introduced the new technologies were introduced to meet specific customer needs. Our teams have worked closely with local and global Engineering teams of the customers to bring these technologies to Indian Market.

LCH TD-3: Indigenous combat helicopter for IAFWe compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

Bosnia s 60 years old steam trains a sight to watch!Bosnia's 60 years old steam trains a sight to watch!
3 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: AP
You can't board in London and get off at Hogwarts but the engine looks pretty much the same as in Harry Potter - and if you're a steam train enthusiast, the ride is almost just as magical.

H-IIA: Japan sends rocket on a 6-yr asteroid missionH-IIA: Japan sends rocket on a 6-yr asteroid mission
3 Dec, 2014
Tweet
text: AFP
Japan launched a rocket carrying a space probe destined for a distant asteroid, just weeks after a European spacecraft's historic landing on a comet.
In pic: A H-IIA rocket carrying Hayabusa 2 space probe blasts off from the launching pad at Tanegashima Space Center on the Japanese southwestern island of Tanegashima.

ICICI Bank  HDFC Bank Cut Fixed Deposit RatesYou are here: Home Corporates
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank Cut Fixed Deposit Rates
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 14:32 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
The country's two largest private sector banks by assets - ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank - have lowered their interest rate on fixed deposits.
Their move follows a cut in deposit rates by several banks, including the country's largest bank State Bank of India.
ICICI Bank has cut interest rates by 0.25 per cent on fixed deposits between 390 days and 2 days. HDFC Bank has lowered interest rate by 25-50 per cent on deposits between 46 days and 1 year.
Ashish Parthasarathy, treasurer at HDFC Bank, said that banks are seeing a rise in fixed deposits but the credit offtake remains weak.
The deposit growth in the Indian banking system has been growing by three to five percentage points more than credit growth throughout this fiscal, leaving banks to struggle with excess liquidity and also forcing them to slash fixed deposit rates.
Credit offtake has been slow as corporates are yet to kick-start investments in a big way. For example, bank credit rose 11.17 per cent to Rs 62,72,621 crore in the fortnight ended October 31. The demand deposits had risen 14 per cent to Rs 7,40,675 crore in the fortnight ended November 15 as against Rs 6,48,319 crore in the year-ago period. Recently, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had also voiced concern over the weak credit growth.
Despite lowering deposit rates, banks have not cut their base rate, or the minimum rate below which banks are not permitted to lend. The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan after announcement of monetary policy on December 2 said that banks are not passing on lower rates in the financial system.
However, banks have hinted at lowering of lending rates in the future with the RBI expected to ease monetary policy early next year. HDFC Bank Managing Director Aditya Puri said: "If it doesn't pick up, and there is a lowering of deposit rates, you can possibly see some reduction on the asset rates."
(With Agency Inputs)

Sahara Group Sells Rs 1 211 Crore Worth Gurgaon Land to M3MYou are here: Home Corporates
Sahara Group Sells Rs 1,211 Crore Worth Gurgaon Land to M3M
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 14:40 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Looking to raise funds to ensure release of its chief Subrata Roy from jail, Sahara has sold a big land parcel at the outskirts of the national capital for Rs 1,211 crore to Gurgaon-based developer M3M India Ltd.
The 185-acre land in Gurgaon, with 12 million square feet built-up area, would be used for 'mix-use development' and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore, M3M India Ltd said on Thursday while announcing the deal.
M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal also asserted that it was not a 'distress sale' by Sahara and the deal has been inked on the basis of market price.
He further said that the entire amount will be paid in instalments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land at Chauma village in Gurgaon.
The deal comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for the release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has also allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai in Mumbai after it was satisfied that the transactions were in accordance with its June 4, 2014 order.
The apex court bench was informed that the group has already generated Rs 184.5 crore as part payment for its assets in Jodhpur, Chauma and Vasai, following which it was allowed to hand over three demand drafts and one cheque to SEBI's counsel.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and has raised Rs 411.82 crore which has gone into the account of SEBI.
Mr Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, out of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
Sahara, which had earlier raised Rs 3,117 crore and deposited with SEBI, told the court that out of nine domestic assets, it has now sold an Ahmedabad property and raised Rs 411.82 crore which has also gone into the account of the market regulator.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 14:38 (IST)

Ranbaxy Says Europe Bars Imports From Antibiotic Injectables UnitYou are here: Home Corporates
Ranbaxy Says Europe Bars Imports From Antibiotic Injectables Unit
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 15:40 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Mumbai: The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the Indian drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at Ranbaxy's Dewas plant, in Madhya Pradesh, in June and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a stock market filing on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, it said, adding the company had decided to stop producing cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
"We wish to state that Ranbaxy's decision to discontinue manufacture of cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business," Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy India-based factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the US Food and Drug Administration said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site. The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated November 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable cephalosporin antibiotics units.
An EMA spokeswoman said the German regulator's "non-compliance" report meant that "certain aseptically prepared sterile products" made at the Dewas unit could not be imported into the European Union.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, has previously said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted.
The company gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Western Europe accounted for about 8 per cent of its global sales in the 15-months period ended March 2014, according to company filings.
Shares in Ranbaxy were trading down 0.5 per cent at 0825 GMT on Thursday, after having fallen as much as 1.3 per cent earlier in the day. The Nifty was up 0.03 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

295 infra projects hit by over Rs 1 trn cost overrun295 infra projects hit by over Rs 1 trn cost overrun: Govt
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 16:45 IST
As many as 295 infrastructure sector projects worth Rs 150 crore or more are delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore, Parliament was informed on Thursday.
"As per the 346 Flash Report of August 2014 released by the Ministry of Statistics, out of 720 central sector infrastructure sector projects costing Rs 150 crore and above, 295 projects were delayed," Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
"The original cost of the 295 delayed projects is Rs 5,48,838 crore and anticipated cost is Rs 6,50,274 crore, thus leading to a total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore," he said.
Out of 295 delayed projects, 62 projects have overall delay in the range of 1-12 months, 66 projects have delay in the range of 13-24 months, 98 projects have delay in the range of 25-60 months and 69 projects have delay of 61 months and above, he added.
The road sector accounted for the maximum of 92 delayed projects with total cost overrun of Rs 1,975 crore. As many as 32 projects in the Railways sector were delayed leading to the maximum cumulative cost overrun of Rs 46,766 crore.
As many as 43 projects are delayed in the petroleum sector with total cost overrun of Rs 16,320 crore. Similarly, 64 projects are delayed in the power sector with total cost overrun of 12,874 crore.
There are 34 projects in the coal sector which are not running as per their schedule with total cost overrun of Rs 10,242 crore.
In the atomic energy sector, four projects have got delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 6,284 crore. The number of such projects in steel sector is 16 with total cost overrun of Rs 5,954 crore.
Meanwhile in another reply, the minister said during the current fiscal till October, 1,984 km (31 per cent of target) of roads were constructed against the target of 6,300 km for 2014-15.
The government had set a target to award contracts for constructing of 8,500 km of roads. It awarded contracts for 3,419 km ( 40 per cent of target) till October this fiscal.
The total toll collection was Rs 3,584 crore (55 per cent of target) till October this fiscal.
In railways, the government has set a target of laying 300 km of new rail lines during the fiscal. However, it has constructed 41 km till October this fiscal.
The government has set a target of doubling 710 km this fiscal but it has achieved 237 km till October. Similarly it has completed rail electrification of 371 km against the target of 1,350. The gauge conversion of 68 km has been done against the target of 450 km.

Rupee ends at 61.92 against dollar in thin tradeForex update: Rupee ends at 61.92 against US dollar in thin trade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 18:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee on Thursday ended one paisa lower at 61.92 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market in thin trade.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.93 as against Wednesday's closing level of 61.91 per dollar. The domestic unit dropped further to 61.95 per dollar on initial demand for the US currency from banks and importers on the back of a strong dollar in the overseas market.
However, the domestic currency recovered from initial losses to 61.86 on selling of dollars by banks and exporters in view of persistent foreign capital inflows into the domestic equity market . The rupee ended at 61.92 against the Greenback, down one paisa or 0.02 per cent.
Intra-day, the rupee hovered in a range of 61.86 and 61.95 per dollar.
In London, the euro traded around a 2-year-low against the dollar on Thursday on hopes the European Central Bank (ECB) would unveil new stimulus measures later in the day.
In New York, the ICE US dollar index rose on Wednesday to its highest level since March 2006 as the dollar rally gained momentum, spurred in part by a strong gauge of service-sector growth in the US economy.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex rose by 120.11 points or 0.42 per cent.

U.S. jobless claims fall  unwind prior week s increaseU.S. housing starts fall, but trend points to recovery
By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters
Land Price
U.S. housing starts fell in November as groundbreaking for single-family homes declined after two hefty increases, in what appeared to be a brief pause in a gradual recovery trend.
Starts dropped 1.6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.028 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. October's starts were revised up to a 1.045 million-unit pace.
8
Despite November's fall, groundbreaking is up 7.7 percent compared to the first 11 months of 2013. Starts have averaged a 990,000-unit pace so far this year, up from an average 930,000-unit rate last year.
"It is hard to complain about the housing sector," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania. "The U.S. economy is on an accelerating growth path that should continue for quite some time. We don't need a robust housing market to drive growth."
Wall Street had forecast starts rising at a pace of 1.04 million units from October's previously reported pace of 1.01 million units.
@jhanzel thanks for pointing that out in the summer of recovery part 6
j blome
5
In a separate report, financial data firm Markit said its preliminary or "flash" U.S. Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index fell to 53.7 in December, the lowest reading in 11 months, from 54.8 in November.
While the survey hints at slowing factory activity, so-called hard data such as industrial production have painted a bullish picture of the manufacturing sector and showed little sign that a sputtering global economy and crude oil price rout were having an impact on American factories.
U.S. stocks were up sharply in volatile trading and prices for U.S. Treasury debt rose. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies.    Housing is being stymied by tepid wage growth, which has been far outpaced by home price increases. Higher mortgage rates are also a constraint, although they have declined from a peak reached in September 2013.
A very slow pace of household formation also is a challenge. High unemployment among young adults is forcing many to either continue living at home with their parents or share quarters with friends or relatives.
Household formation is currently running at about 500,000 a year, far below the more than 1 million mark that would signal a robust housing market.
But with job growth accelerating, wages are expected to pick up next year and pull in first-time buyers, especially young people, into the housing market, providing a tailwind for the economy. Housing has been a mild boost to growth so far in 2014.
"We believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provides a crucial second wind to the economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Single-family homes starts, the largest part of the market, fell 5.4 percent. Groundbreaking in the volatile multi-family homes segment rose 6.7 percent after October's 9.9 percent drop.
Permits for future home construction declined 5.2 percent, the biggest drop since January, to a 1.035 million-unit pace after two straight months of gains.
Permits, which lead starts by three to four months, have been above a 1 million-unit pace since July. Both single-family and multi-family permits fell.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Paul Simao)

Should  Govt & upstream oil cos share subsidy burden equallyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Aaron shines as focus shifts to cricketMore
Aaron shines as focus shifts back to cricket
Attention finally turned to cricket in Australia, as the touring Indians resumed their preparations for the Test by bowling out Cricket Australia XI for 243 on pleasant sunny day in their final two-day tour game at the Glenelg Oval in Adelaide.
By Sidharth Monga in Adelaide | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014 3:19 PM IST
Tweet
0
Indian players celebrate a dismissal in Adelaide.Indians 2 for 99 trail Cricket Australia XI 243 (Silk 58, Gotch 58*, Aaron 4-41) by 144 runs
Scorecard
Attention finally turned to cricket in Australia, as the touring Indians resumed their preparations for the Test by bowling out Cricket Australia XI for 243 on pleasant sunny day in their final two-day tour game at the Glenelg Oval in Adelaide. Varun Aaron was the pick of the bowlers with four wickets, the first of them in his first over, but the usual Indian problem of too many no-balls - nine on this day - in practice games and uncertainty around the slip cordon stayed with the visitors. India's batsmen didn't have the best day either: Shikhar Dhawan bagged a golden duck, Virat Kohli should have too, M Vijay was dropped on 5, and Cheteshwar Pujara added only 10 after being dropped on 12.
The CA XI agreed to bat first, most likely because three Indian batsmen - Kohli, Vijay and Rohit Sharma - who had gone to Phillip Hughes ' funeral in Macksville were due to reach the venue only after lunch. Hughes was given more touching tributes as all the Indians put their bats out against the picket fence, and both the teams observed a minute's silence before the game got underway. All players and umpires wore black armbands. In Kohli's absence, Ishant Sharma led the Indians.
The start was anything but quiet, though. In the first over itself, Ryan Carters edged Mohammed Shami through to second slip. In the next, Ashton Turner played Aaron on to his leg stump. This is not a first-class game, which means India could have used any number of bowlers, but Bhuvneshwar Kumar and R Ashwin did not bowl. India instead went with pace and aggression. Shami, Aaron and Umesh Yadav were the first three bowlers used by Ishant, and none of them held back with the bouncers.
All of India's quicks used the bouncers liberally, almost as if they wanted to get any reservations about bowling the bouncers out of their system before they went into the Test, which begins on December 9 at the Adelaide Oval. Later during the day, Kohli applauded from the sidelines when Aaron hit Seb Gotch with a bouncer. Earlier, too, Alex Keath recieved treatment on a finger that received a blow from a short ball. However, it was a short-of-a-length delivery from Shami that brought the Indians their next wicket, with Matthew Short chasing and edging through to Wriddhiman Saha to make it 3 for 34.
Jordan Silk, though, responded by attacking the bowling, and took CA XI to lunch without any further damage. There was attractive stroke-play involved. He was good on the cut against the quicks, and didn't let the legspinner Karn Sharma settle into a rhythm. The first two overs from Karn went for two fours and a six, through mid-on, over mid-off and back over his head. His 71-run stand with Keath came to an end when extra bounce from Aaron caught Silk's glove on its way through to the cordon, just after lunch.
Keath and Jake Doran then played loose shots against Karn, followed by another played-on dismissal for Aaron. By now the three batsmen had made their way to the ground, and Indians kept rotating the fielders on the park so that all the batsmen could get a hit in the adjoining nets too. Saha swapped gloves with Naman Ojha when he went to the nets. Unless MS Dhoni has recovered miraculously from his finger injury, Saha is expected to keep at the Adelaide Oval, incidentally where he last played a Test.
The slips kept rotating too. It began with Pujara, Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane . When Pujara needed to go under the lid, Ravindra Jadeja replaced him at first slip. Suresh Raina later replaced Rahane at third slip. Vijay had a stint too. Even Kohli fielded in the slips during the second session. Slip catching was one of India's problem areas in England, and they wouldn't want to see more missed chances and drop in confidence for the bowlers. Raina is not a likely starter as a Test batsman, but he showed his worth in the slips when he dived to his right at third slip, and took a one-handed catch to end CA XI's innings.
Slips remained the focus in the Indians' innings too as Turner kept reprieving the Indians. The first wicket, though, had nothing to do with the slips. Dhawan was a tad unfortunate when he whipped a leg-stump half-volley, and found square leg with precision. Soon, though, Vijay pushed at a wide one, and Turner grassed a comfortable catch at first slip. Immediately after, Pujara was nearly caught and bowled by Josh Lalor.
Lalor was a relieved man when Pujara poked at a wide delivery, giving Turner a catch to his right. The next ball should have brought Lalor a wicket with Kohli cutting loosely, but Turner didn't accept what was a much easier offering than the one he took a ball earlier. Vijay and Kohli saw the Indians through to the stumps, but didn't always look at their best. Vijay even flayed at the last ball of the day, but was lucky he did not edge it.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

State probing gas pricing decision is absurd: RILState probing decision on gas pricing is absurd: RIL to HC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 09:28 IST
Reliance Industries (RIL) on Thursday told the Delhi High Court that the city government's decision to probe the Centre's policy on gas pricing was a 'peculiar' and 'absurd' situation.
The submission was made before Justice VK Shali by senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi who appeared for RIL , which has challenged the then Arvind Kejriwal-led Delhi government's decision to lodge a first information report (FIR) relating to alleged irregularities in raising the price of gas from the company's KG6 basin.
United Progressive Alliance (UPA) ministers M Veerappa Moily and Murli Deora, RIL Chairman Mukesh Ambani and others were named in the FIR.
The Delhi government had also alleged that the UPA government 'favoured' RIL with an eye on the 2014 general elections and BJP maintained 'silence' hoping to gain corporate funding for the polls. The charges have been denied by RIL and others.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for the persons on whose complaint the FIR was lodged, had said the July 23, 2014, the notification on the powers of the powers of the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) amounted to diluting its powers.
The July 23 notification has limited the ACB's powers to probe graft cases to the extent that it can investigate only city government officials and not those of the Centre.
The notification was violative of the Criminal Procedure Code, Bhushan said and added the Centre did not have the power to issue the same with respect to ACB.
Delhi government, on its part, opposed RIL's submission saying it was only investigating a criminal complaint and central government officials may come in the sweep of its probe.
The Centre, meanwhile, said it is still awaiting instructions on whether the notification will have prospective effect.
After hearing the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on January 21, 2015.
The court was also hearing pleas filed by the Centre and Deora, apart from RIL, against the FIR lodged by ACB.
The UPA-II government had moved the court for quashing of the FIR, saying ACB of Delhi government has "no powers or jurisdiction to investigate" complaints against the union government's decision to fix prices of natural gas.
It had said Delhi government should have approached CBI as it is an appropriate agency for investigation of such cases.
Deora, in his plea filed through advocate Karthik Nayar, has also challenged some earlier notifications, including one of 1993 by which ACB has been given the jurisdiction and power to probe graft cases.
Earlier, Delhi government had submitted before the court that it had received a clarification from the Home Ministry on September 30, 2014, that the notification will have prospective effect.
Delhi government had also stated on affidavit that in 2004, the Centre had signed a long-term gas supply agreements between NTPC and the private firm at the rate of US $2.34 per mmBtu and later in 2007, the price of gas was fixed at US $4.24 per mmBtu.
It had also said that later, the gas price, to be paid to the firms with effect from April 1, 2014, was again hiked to US $8.4 per mmBtu and added that the cost incurred, however, is less than US $1 per mmBtu.
 

Millennium Soft-Tech enters e-tail spaceelectronic commerce
‘Ours will be market price and we won’t involve in discounting’
Chennai-based Millennium Soft-Tech (India) Pvt. Ltd., a distributor of point-of- sale (POS) products, has made a foray into the e-commerce segment.
The 20-year-old firm has a brick-and-mortar business, and is a distributor for Epson POS printers, Posiflex POS terminals and peripherals, Toshiba bar code printers, Honeywell scanning and mobility products and Casio cash registers.
Online directory
In April, the firm launched an online directory JusTransact.com through its arm Millennium Retech Ventures India Pvt. Ltd.
“Based on the feedback received from the customers, we are now expanding it as an e-commerce venture,” JusTransact.com founder and Director BhaskarVenkatraman said.
The online venture would not be restricted to only to the five brands it distributed, but would cater to over 1,000 products, he said.
“Ours will be market price and we won’t involve in discounting. We will only pass on the offers given by the manufacturers from time-to-time. This way our margins are protected,” Mr. Venkatraman said.
The firm at present has a turnover of Rs.40 crore, and is looking to touch Rs.150 crore, including revenue from e-commerce, in the next three years.

http://usat.ly/1vRhOggUsed-car prices remain high, led by 'certified used'
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
A used car on sale at a dealer in Denver.
(Photo: David Zalubowski, AP)
13 CONNECT 28 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Faced with high prices for new cars, more car shoppers in November turned to the used-car market.
Some of the biggest action came on so-called "certified pre-owned vehicles" — late-model vehicles checked over by dealers and carrying a brand warranty — which posted a 21% increase in the amount that customers actually paid for the cars compared to the same month last year, reports CNW Research.
The average certified used car went for $16,130.
Certified pre-owned models are considered good alternatives to new cars, since they are generally fresh from rental car or corporate fleets, usually 3 years old or younger and backed by a warranty.
Prices for them remain high because "dealers struggle to get enough of them on the lot," says Alec Gutierrez, senior analyst for Kelley Blue Book.
Certified used-car unit sales are up 10% for the first 10 months of the year compared to last year, says Tom Webb, chief economist for Manheim, a wholesale auction house for used cars. There have been record sales of them in each of the past three years and, he says, the trend is almost assuredly going to continue for 2014.
"The programs have been marketed well," Webb says. "What people are buying is peace  of mind."
Overall, through the first 11 months of the year, the number of used cars sold is virtually unchanged from the same period a year ago, CNW says, which makes activity on certified used cars all the more impressive.
However, they are just one piece of a used-car market in November that was strong both in activity and price, he says.
Overall transaction prices for used cars are up 15% this year when sales both through dealers and private parties are taken into account.
As the economy continues to gain strength, low-mileage pickup trucks have been among the strongest performers, commanding high prices at auction because of their short supply. Most are work trucks, needed by those in construction and other workers.
"These trucks are doing really, really well" in the used market, says KBB's Gutierrez.
SUV sales are also strong and, by contrast, low gas prices are turning midsize and small sedans into relative bargains.
Just as some dealers are having to apply discounts to some new cars to move them off the lot, the savings are cascading into the used market. And the price softness has been driven not only by gas, but by more competition, as well.
Yet "the market is incredibly strong" for all used cars, Gutierrez adds.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFBPwG
AUTO SALES BREAKDOWN

MCX Seeks Buyers for Its Stake in MCX-SXHigh Court Orders Status Quo to Proposed Merger of FTIL with NSEL
New Delhi: Country's largest commodity exchange MCX today invited expressions of interest from potential investors to divest its stake in MCX-SX and MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd.
MCX has about 4.86 per cent stake in the exchange besides 63.41 crore warrants. It also holds 65 lakh equity shares of MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd (MCX-SX CCL).
Recently, the commodity exchange had requested SEBI to allow it to retain stake in MCX-SX and MCX-SX CCL.
MCX intends to divest its stake in MCX-SX and MCX-SX Clearing Corp, according to a public notice issued today.
Investment bankers as well as other entities have been invited to come with their offers for stake acquisition within 10 days.
In the wake of the payment crisis at FTIL-founded firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), MCX was asked by SEBI to sell its stake in NSEL as it was part of the same group at that time.
The Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd is no more a promoter in MCX and therefore the commodity exchange had sought SEBI's permission to retain its stake.
On November 25, FTIL had entered into a pact with ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, financial major Edelweiss and others to sell its entire five per cent stake in MCX-SX for Rs 88.41 crore.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 22:14 (IST)

Nifty to hit 9 500 by end-2015 on capital inflows: GoldmanDec 04, 2014, 10.11 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Nifty to hit 9,500 by end-2015 on capital inflows: Goldman
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia's third largest economy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty to hit 9,500 by end-2015 on capital inflows: Goldman
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia's third largest economy.
Post your opinion here
 
Top US brokerage Goldman Sachs Thursday said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country which is expected to become fastest-growing large emerging market economy in the 2016-18 period.
"We stay overweight on cyclical recovery and reform progress and expects Nifty to reach 9,500 at end-2015," Goldman Sachs Chief Asia Pacific Regional Equity Strategist Timothy Moe told reporters here.
The 50-share NSE benchmark index today ended at 8,564.
"We forecast a large balance of payments surplus in 2015 driven by a narrowing of the current account deficit and strong capital inflows. We forecast mid-teens earnings growth
in 2015-16 largely driven by banks, IT and a few cyclical sectors," he said.
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia's third largest economy.
FDI flows are to be driven by improving medium term growth prospects, removal of restrictions of flows and (investment) commitments by Japan, the US and China over the past few months. We estimate a balance of payments surplus of about USD 50 billion in 2015, it said.
"The headline CPI inflation likely to fall in 2015 to 5.8 percent from 7.3 percent in 2014, driven by lower commodity prices. This would provide some room for the RBI to cut policy
rates by 50 bps in H12015," Goldman Sachs Chief India Economist Tushar Poddar said.
"We are also positive on the Indian rupee due to our expectation of a large balance of payment surplus, driven by somewhat narrower current account deficit as well as large FDI and portfolio inflows," Poddar said.
Expectation of an increase in investments in 2015 is based on easier financial conditions, government measures to remove red-tape and focus on boosting investment, he said.
The brokerage forecast the economy to expand by 6.3 percent in 2015 and 6.8 percent in 2016.
"Our forecasts imply India will become the fastest growing large emerging market economy over the 2016-18 period, overtaking China," it said.
RELATED NEWS

Vistara may take-off at the start of New Year: CEO08:00 pm
The joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines, Vistara's take-off has been delayed. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, the CEO of the airline, Phee Teik Yeoh, said the launch could happen at the start of the New Year.
According to Yeoh, there have been changes in the plan as the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) will soon be undergoing the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) review.
Since the Indian civil aviation was downgraded in January and the review will be taking place very soon, Vistara had to make some changes in its certification process.
But the airline isn’t disappointed. “While it was a setback to us, at the end of the day we would like to see the civil aviation get its rating restored. So, we duly comply with the changes and have made all the changes we have submitted and it has been accepted. Now we are just waiting for the final hurdle,” added Yeoh.
Vistara is hopeful of getting a flying permit very soon. The company is finely tuning its plans and is hopeful of sharing its launching plan with the nation very soon.
Below is the transcript of Phee Teik Yeoh's interview with Shereen Bhan on CNBC-TV18.
Q: What is the earliest that you believe you will be able to launch, if the permit comes in at the end of this month or in the middle of this month, so is a January first week launch something that we can expect?
A: The permit is going to be given to us very soon. So right now we are fine-tuning our plans and hopefully very soon we will be able to share with the nation the day we are going to launch.
Q: A new flight in the New Year, at the start of the New Year perhaps?
A: It can even happen before a year is over but we are now looking at which is the best time so it doesn’t necessarily have to wait to the New Year but a New Year, a new experience, a new flight why not.
Q: What is the latest now in terms of the number of flights that you will operate on a weekly basis, the number of cities that you are going to reach out to, does it continue to be nine cities that you will start with, the fleet size?
A: We are going to have five aircrafts by the end of the year and based on the five aircrafts fleet plan, we are going to operate to destinations where there is demand for full service.
Q: I would imagine that is largely going to be the metros?
A: Not really. There are enough non-metros that has mushroomed and grown in potential over the years.
Q: Which non-metros excite you the most?
A: There are many.
Q: The top five?
A: The potential of each metros keep changing. The Civil Aviation in India is at the cusp of change. What you see as exciting today in terms of potential, you will be surprised how fast things will change. Some of these cities are emerging very quickly and very fast. It is a combination of a few factors, not just about the demand, it is also about the profile of customers, the competition. So a lot of factors goes into consideration before we decided okay, for the limited fleet of aircraft that we have, we are going to use our limited resource to operate to this destination. It is not just about the size of the market alone, there are many other factors.
Q: As far as specifically regulations for the Civil Aviation sector is concerned, there continues to be back and forth on 5:20 whether it is going to stay or go. The latest we hear is it is likely to go, we don’t know when. But as and when the government were to decide to do away with 5:20, when do you believe you will be ready to go international from India?
A: I think the writing is on the wall. We welcome the change, the repeal of this rule that has so far been penalizing the India carrier, there is no such rule that prohibits the foreign carriers from operating into India. As and when and we like to see that this 5:20 rule gets repealed very soon and we have overseas ambition. Yes of course when we first set foot into India, we know there is a 5:20 rule so our operation, our structure, our plan has all been geared up to domestic operations for the next five years but as and when the 5:20 rule goes away, we will look into operating on the international sectors as soon as we are capable of because it involves a lot of planning, the aircraft that must be the right type for us to operate into the destinations that we will choose to operate in the first few years.
Q: But in your experience as and when 5:20 goes, how long would it take to be able to put the plan in place and then to actually operate internationally?
A: Very much depends on where you intend to operate. There are some overseas destinations you can operate with 80:20 aircraft but if we want to flight further beyond the reach of 80:20, you need to start procuring a twin-aisle aircraft for instance to provide grater customer comfort, you have got to go for aircraft that can operate the range desired. So that will take some time because the leasing out of procurement of aircraft is not just a simple exercise that can be completed in a month.
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex  Nifty Trade Flat; PSU Stocks in FocusThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rahul Gandhi attacks PM Narendra Modi s style of functioningJohn Kerry says 'devastating' Pakistan school attack angers the world
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s style of functioning, saying that he wants complete power in his hands.
“Prime Ministerji has a different thinking… that he has complete power in his hands… that the entire country is run by sitting in Delhi and all works are carried out and the entire development is supervised from Delhi,” Gandhi, who attended a function to mark 10th anniversary of Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital in Munshiganj area here, said.
“On the other hand, my thinking is that people should get benefits of Panchayti Raj, MNREGA, Right to Information and Right to Food and Education,” said Gandhi who is on a two-day visit to his constituency.
“This is the difference between the thinking of those in power and ours. We want to give power and strengthen women and youths,” he said.
“The government said that all the MPs select one village each in their respective constituencies, and I also adopted Jagdishpur but my constituency has 750 other villages and I think all the 750 villages should be developed as model villages,” he noted.
Downplaying US President Barack Obama’s praise for Modi’s efforts to shake up the “bureaucratic inertia” in India, the Congress Vice President said, “Praises are a different thing… people should know the truth.”
“I believe in working… poor should get the benefit,” he added.
Earlier, Gandhi visited the Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital on its 10th anniversary and enquired about the well-being of the patients undergoing treatment there.
“In a government survey conducted in Uttar Pradesh some time ago, Indira Gandhi Eye Hospital stood first and it is my aim that this hospital becomes one of the the best hospitals of the world,” he said.
He said as many as 15 lakh patients have been examined and two lakhs operated upon in the hospital. Two of its branches have been opened in Lucknow and Haryana and another will soon be opened in Gurgaon.
Rahul also laid the foundation stone of a community college in Munshiganj to be set up by Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

Congress-NCP mock allies of Shiv Sena-BJPJohn Kerry says 'devastating' Pakistan school attack angers the world
Reacting to the patch-up between the estranged allies Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the opposition Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) called it a mockery of democracy and said mere numbers would not ensure stability of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led government.
“The kind of words used against each other by leaders of both the parties in the last one month was for everyone to see. This is nothing but a mockery of democracy. For the first time in the state’s history, the main, 63-MLA-stong opposition party has walked over to the treasury benches within a month of new government taking over,” said state Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sunil Tatkare.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis announced this morning that Sena was joining the government.
Tatkare said while Sena leader Eknath Shinde was touring the state as the leader of opposition in the Assembly, the top leaders of two parties were negotiating a power sharing deal.
“With 122 of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and 63 of Shiv Sena, the government looks stable…in the 288-member house, but with the experience of past one month, it remains to be seen how things work out between the two saffron allies and whether the new government is beneficial for the people,” he added.
Congress said that Sena leaders won’t have their pride intact and heads high while taking the oath as ministers.
State Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said coming together of Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will lead to unstable government.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis Sunil Tatkare
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

Mastek UK Limited signs contract with UnumThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ICRA Chairman Pranab Kumar Choudhury quitsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ICRA Chairman Pranab Kumar Choudhury quits
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
ICRA Ltd has informed the BSE that Pranab Kumar Choudhury has decided to take premature retirement and will resigned as Chairman of ICRA, CEO of Group ICRA, and as Chairman of all related entities effective January 29, 2015.
The ICRA Board accepted his resignation and elected Arun Duggal as non-executive Chairman, effective upon Choudhury’s resignation. Duggal is currently an Independent Director of ICRA Ltd.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Unit 1 of Surat power plant tripsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Unit 1 of Surat power plant trips
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
Gujarat Industries Power Company in a communication to the stock exchanges has said Unit-1 (125 MW) of its Surat Lignite Power plant tripped on November 29 due to a technical snag.
The repair work has been taken up in consultation with BHEL, the original equipment manufacturer. The unit is expected to be online by December-end.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Militants attack army camp in Kashmir; seven killedMilitants attack army camp in Kashmir; seven killed
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Dec 05, 2014 10:35 AM IST
Four security force personnel and three militants were killed in a predawn attack on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which is going to polls in the third phase of elections in the state on December 9.
Militants carried out an attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri Tehsil at around 3.10 a.m and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
The officials said in the exchange of firing two army jawans and two policemen were killed while three militants were also neutralised.
Inspector General of Police Kashmir A G Mir, while confirming the death of militants and policemen, said the army casualties were being verified.
Army officials said there were some casualties suffered by the force but the exact numbers are being verified.
The police officials said the militants had probably infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently. "It is being investigated," they said.
The attack comes just four days ahead of elections in Uri and six other constituencies of the Baramulla district on December 9.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.

Bal Thackeray will was drafted 8-9 times in 14 yrsWritten by Ruhi Bhasin | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:13 am
The late Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray’s will had been drafted eight-nine times, one of the two who signed as witnesses on the document told the Bombay High Court on Thursday. Advocate Flanian D’souza said the will was first prepared in 1997 and redrafted many times until 2011.
The affidavit by D’Souza, in support of the will, has been placed before the HC as evidence. Thackeray’s sons Uddhav and Jaidev are locked in a battle over the validity of the will.
D’souza also said the notes taken during the drawing up of the will were no longer available. “Bal Thackeray was particular that we be discreet. The moment he signed the will, the notes and drafts were destroyed.”
D’souza and his father-in-law Jerome Saldanha first met Thackeray at his residence, Matoshree, in 1997. According to him, they were were introduced to him through Saldanha’s client Ravi Doddi, a realtor. “Doddi approached Saldanha and informed him that Bal Thackeray required a lawyer for some personal work. Doddi had suggested Saldanha’s name and requested him to meet Bal Thackeray,” he said.
Saldanha had been told by Doddi that he was told to find a lawyer who was low profile and discreet and could handle Thackeray’s personal work. “He told us that he wanted us to draw up his will.’’ said D’souza. “We told him that he would need to appoint an executive and to specify the manner in which he wanted the estate to be distributed.”
Jaidev’s lawyer Seema Sarnaik asked D’souza what all properties were mentioned by Bal Thackeray, and was told that the Matoshree land and building was all that he remembered as only that stayed constant.
The draft in 1997 was prepared in a couple of days after which two or three meeting took place. Sarnaik questioned whether the will was not as per Thackeray’s instructions which is why it required constant changes. D’souza denied this. “He (Bal Thackeray) was very particular about what the content of the will would be. He would seek clarification, make changes and thereafter ask us to come back with the corrected draft.” These meetings which would usually take place after 8 pm would last for an hour-and-a-half to two hours. D’souza clarified that the wills and drafts were read out to him and were read by Thackeray himself also.
ruhi.bhasin@expressindia.com
Bal Thackeray was particular that we be absolutely discreet. The moment he signed the will, the notes and drafts were destroyed Flanian D’souza, Advocate, attesting witness

Sonia seeks UP help to revive Indira project in RaeBareliWritten by Maulshree Seth | Rae Bareili |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:11 am
Congress president Sonia Gandhi held her first meeting of District Level Vigilance and Monitoring Committee in Rae Bareli on December 4 and asked officials to compile the list of all such projects in her Lok Sabha constituency where funds have either stopped or progress is slow. She also told the officers and other members, including local Samajwadi Party MLAs, that she would personally pursue these projects and schemes with the central government.
Sonia also sought Uttar Pradesh government’s help in reviving a Sewage Treatment Plant project, which was started in Rae Bareli city by former PM Indira Gandhi but was stopped later.
District Magistrate, Rae Bareli, Mahendra Chaurasia confirmed that Sonia has asked them to compile list of all such projects where funds have either stopped or reduced drastically.
Earlier in the day, Sonia visited eight villages of her constituency where villagers mostly complained about not getting work under MGNREGA and poor quality of roads constructed under Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojana. All those villages, visited by Sonia were in Rahi block of Rae Bareli.
Based on the feedback taken from the villagers, Sonia expressed concern on the slow progress of development works including setting up of AIIMS in Rae Bareli.
Sources inform that state minister for Science and Technology Manoj Kumar Pandey, who is SP MLA from Rae Bareli and was present in the meeting, had entered in heated exchange with Congress MLC Dinesh Singh over upkeep of roads. However, it was quickly resolved as Pandey asked the officers to lodge FIRs against all those contractors, whose roads have deteriorated before time.
Though Sonia preferred not to speak anything after the meeting, Pandey said, “The issue of lack of maintenance of PMGSY roads came up during the meeting. I have promised all the support from the state government.”
Pandey told The Indian Express that Sonia also requested for the help of state government in reviving the Sewage Treatment Plant project started by former PM Indira Gandhi. “The cost of the project would be around Rs 496 crore. While 80 per cent funds have to come from Centre, 20 per cent would come from state. I have promised to take up the issue before the CM,” said Pandey.
Meanwhile, following in the footsteps of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, who was in Amethi, Pandey too questioned relevance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Saansad Adarsha Gram Yojana and Clean India Campaign. “Samajwadi Party government has already adopted and changed 2255 villages under Lohia Gram and Janeshwar Misra Gram Yojana.” he said.

Dharavi redevelopment plan: MHADAs search for project consultant getslongerBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:08 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:11 am
Despite having started work on a fraction of the much-delayed Dharavi redevelopment plan, the state housing authority’s efforts to get a management consultant on board for the project have drawn a blank.
The Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) has been unable to get a project management consultant for Dharavi’s Sector 5, out of the five sectors, which the authority is developing, despite having attempted to tender out the contract on two occasions. MHADA is currently in its third attempt at tendering out the project. The authority had floated the first tender in May.
N K Sudhanshu, chief officer of MHADA’s Mumbai board, said, “The first time we got three responses. One firm was disqualified, while quotations of the other two were very high. The second time, only one company responded to the tender. We have now made changes to the eligibility criteria so that we get a better response.”
He said that the authority had a pre-bid meeting on Thursday in the third round of tendering and six potential bidders had participated. “So, hopefully, we will have a better response this time around,” added Sudhanshu.
The authority is looking for a project management consultant to prepare a detailed plan based on the layout for Dharavi’s Sector 5, coordinate with different agencies for clearances, supervise the work of contractors and help in determining the eligibility of slum residents, among others.
A MHADA official, who did not wish to be named, said, “The response has been poor so far. Private firms could be a little sceptical about getting involved because there have been protests, opposition, changes in the plans and so on.”
Ahead of the local municipal elections in Mumbai in 2012, and keeping in mind the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections of 2014, the previous Congress-NCP government had given the mandate of redeveloping Sector 5 to MHADA. The area demarcated as Sector 5 had the fewest encumbrances by way of opposing slum-dwellers, commercial and industrial units.
Further, with MHADA actually owning a sizeable portion of the land to be redeveloped, the government intended to show some
activity on the project.

Mallika Sherawat to be on Comedy Nights WithKapilBy: Indo-Asian News Service |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:07 am
Comedian Kapil Sharma, who is seen flirting with almost all female celebrities on his TV show ‘Comedy Nights With Kapil’, has a reason to smile. Actress Mallika Sherawat, known for sensuous and bold scenes, will be the next guest on his show.
“Yes, Mallika is coming to the show. But she is not coming with an agenda. She has no movie releasing and she’s just coming to have some fun,” said a source.
Lately, Kapil’s show hosted a string of popular celebrities, cricketers, and singers. In this week’s episode, writer Chetan Bhagat and singer Atif Aslam will come as guests on the Colors’ show.
The famed reel couple from ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’ Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol will also come on the show to celebrate the completion of 1,000 weeks run of the film in theatre.

RTI reply reveals holes in use of 2012 drought-relieffundsDocuments obtained under the RTI Act show that several districts have not submitted expenditure details.
Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:06 am
Government efforts are on to fast-track relief measures for farmers affected by the drought during kharif 2014 but issues related to utilisation of central funds for drought relief in 2012 are yet to be resolved. This was revealed in the reply to a Right to Information (RTI) query.
Documents obtained under the RTI Act show that several districts have not submitted expenditure details and certificates for funds utilised, a mandatory procedure. The documents also point out cases of mismanagement of funds in Nashik and Jalgaon districts.
A weak monsoon in 2012 had led to a drought, which was severe in revenue division of Pune, Nashik, Aurangabad and Vidarbha. Records show that the central government approved Rs 778.09 crore for drought relief. The money was released in 2013 and used by the state government to set up fodder camps and take up other mitigation measures. The state government had also started schemes to ensure drought-affected villages get water.
One of the conditions set by the central government before releasing money to the state government was monthly filing of expenditure details. However, during an audit of the office of the additional chief secretary (Revenue and Forest Department) it was found that the state government failed to adhere to this condition. The matter cropped up when the Auditor General of Maharashtra made the audit.
As per the report, the state government disbursed Rs 684.29 crore in 2012-13 for setting up fodder depots and animal sheds in various districts. An advance of Rs 675 crore was drawn from the contingency fund for animals and Rs 38.50 crore, Rs 23 crore and Rs 3.5 crore disbursed to divisional commissioners of Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad respectively. The divisional commissioners were asked to submit monthly expenditure statements by the 10th of every month.
“On scrutiny of relevant records, it was noticed that neither any expenditure details nor any utilization certificates were obtained by department from the districts/divisions concerned,” the report read.
In the case of Jalgaon, auditors noticed that Rs 123.50 crore of the Rs 157.42 crore sanctioned had been released. The auditor pointed out that the money was disbursed, although in a letter dated  March 23, 2013, the Jalgaon district collector had stated there were no drought-affected villages in the district. “While informing the government about the situation for 2011-12 and 2012-13, collector Jalgaon stated there were no villages whose ‘paisevari was 50 paisa peksha kami (the term for declaring drought),” the report read.
Allegations of mismanagement of funds meant for drought-affected villages were raised by the then opposition parties. Senior administrative officers associated with Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said that the matter will be looked into.

Hero World Challenge: Rusty Tiger Woods makes miserable start in comebackeventBy: Press Trust of India | Florida |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:04 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:23 am
A rusty Tiger Woods had a forgettable day on his comeback and he lay at the bottom of the heap after carding a five-over 77 even as Jordan Spieth took the lead with a six-under on the opening day of the Hero World Challenge golf tournament in Florida.
The 38-year-old Woods, making a comeback after a four-month injury lay-off, stumbled to five bogeys and a double bogey.
However, the big solace for the American legend was that his back held well. Watched and followed throughout by the maximum number of fans, Woods began by an Out-of-Bounds (OB) at his tee shot in the very first hole.
However, the five-time champion at this event escaped with a bogey. It was only on the back-nine that Woods found a little bit of his touch, striking his first birdie in the par-4 12th hole. It could have been an eagle but he missed it by a whisker.
He had a great swing in the next to find the greens but fluffed two chips after his ball caught a slope and eventually settled for a bogey on the par-five hole.
Fortunately, the bogey-streak ended there and he managed par scores in the last five holes. But that was not good enough to catch up with others and he remained at the bottom of the leaderboard.
“Today (on Thursday) was weird. I didn’t feel like I did that bad. Short game was awful. Didn’t make anything. But I missed it a few times on the front nine on the wrong side, just sides you can’t miss it on, like on 2. But it was just one of those days where really nothing went my way. Hit two of the best shots I could possibly hit on 13 and I walk away with a 6,” Woods said after day’s play.
Asked what positives he would take from the day’s play, he replied his “shot patterns were fantastic”.
“And as I think all of you saw, I got my power back and I got my speed back. It’s nice to be able to start launching it again. That’s a very good sign.”
Woods said he surprised himself by playing such bad chip shots.
“Well, it certainly is surprising that I could hit chips that poorly. I flubbed them. What was it, three of them I flubbed? Took too much off the bunker shot on 7, tried to get too cute with it, and just made too many mistakes. They were all mainly around the green.”
In complete contrast, the only blemish in Spieth’s first-day card was a bogey on the par-3 11th hole at the scenic Isleworth Golf and Country Club.
Spieth, the youngest golfer in the field at 21, played a stupendous round, featuring six birdies. Spieth, who had finished tied second on his debut at the Masters this year, takes into day a one-stroke lead.
Spieth was jet-lagged coming into this event after winning the Australia open continued…

Zonal Railway sat on file to secure unmannedcrossingsWritten by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:56 am
The zonal railway appeared to have been sitting on a file that would have approved the appointment of around 50 “Gate Counsellors” at unmanned level-crossings in and around the Varanasi Division — including the one where five children lost their lives Thursday morning — and could have prevented the accident, facts assessed by the Railway ministry has found.
Following a similar accident near Hyderabad in July this year, when 25 children were killed after their school bus rammed a moving train, the Railway Board had on August 11 issued “urgent instructions” that such vulnerable crossings near schools be identified across India and manned through Gate Counsellors on priority. On October 29, the ministry had even reminded all zones that non-implementation of the instructions were causing such accidents.
The “Gate Counsellor” scheme engages three casual labours (preferably ex-servicemen) on eight-hour shifts each to prevent vehicles from entering a train’s path.
Four months on, the zonal railway was still “evaluating the tender” to appoint the Gate Counsellors as per laid down criteria, according to a senior Railway Board official. “We had all the available technologies in place to caution road users. The proposal to appoint Gate Counsellors is in the pipeline,” a North Eastern Railway spokesman told The Indian Express. Local reports, though, pointed out that the train driver had whistled repeatedly in poor visibility condition to avoid such a mishap.
On October 29, Railway Board had once again issued instructions to all zonal railways saying “repeater whistle boards” be installed at level crossings and Gate Counsellors be deployed to prevent recurring accidents. “It seems that due to non-implementation of these instructions, unmanned level-crossing accidents have continued to occur,” says the letter from the Railway Board to zonal railways.
The instructions were issued to all railways after Devi Prasad Pande, Member Traffic, Railway Board, issued a stern message to North Western Railway in October reminding it that level-crossing accidents were occurring unabated. After assessing the trend across the country, the Railway Board then issued the same instructions to all railways. But that, it turned out on Thursday, did nothing to move things in the Varanasi division of the North Eastern Railway. The number of deaths at unmanned level crossings this year stood at 94. Currently, there are 30,348 level crossings in the country of which 18,785 are manned and 11,563 unmanned. Unmanned crossings are responsible for the maximum number of train accidents, around 40 per cent.
Before going to the accident site, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu told Parliament in the morning that his ministry would pay Rs 2 lakh each to the next of kin of continued…

Smoke from restaurant causes panic at SaketmallBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:49 am
Panic spread at Select Citywalk mall in Saket on Thursday afternoon after smoke started billowing from Cafe Amici, located on the mall’s first floor.
People were asked to evacuate the restaurant till the situation was brought under control. No  casualty was reported and no one sustained any injuries, officials said.
According to staff at the restaurant, the smoke was noticed around 2 pm. “Smoke started to emanate from the chimney and spread across the mall. Those in the restaurant got scared. However, we ensured that they evacuated the place immediately. The cooks reportedly put excess  coal into the wooden oven which caused the smoke. To douse it, they sprayed water leading to more smoke. There was no fire,” a restaurant official said.
The mall’s CEO Yogensh Sharma said, “We dispatched two teams — one to check the cause of the fire and the other to evacuate people. We also directed parking staff to not let vehicles in.”
No fire tenders were called in. “We checked the CCTV footage. Since there was no fire or casualty, no case was registered. It is an internal matter,” a police officer said.

J&K terror attack: 4 personnel  3 militants killed | Modi s men to visit state every monthMilitants attack Army camp in Uri, 7 Army men, 3 cops dead
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.13AM IST
According to reports, three-four militants entered the Army camp near LoC in Uri town of Baramulla district and opened fire at the army bunker. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRINAGAR: A Lt Colonel and six Army personnel besides three policemen were killed in a pre-dawn attack by militants today on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which is going to polls on December 9.
Five militants were also among those killed in the attack that comes just four days ahead of third phase of Assembly polls in Uri and six other constituencies of Baramulla district.
Militants carried out the attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri tehsil at around 3.10 AM and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
Uri, which is near the Line of Control, is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to campaign on Monday.
Official sources said seven Army personnel including a Lt Col, three policemen and five militants were among those killed in the attacks.
Army, however, confirmed the killing of only four personnel including the Lt Col.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, "It is possible that this has happened because of elections... We will eliminate the remaining militants who are trapped."
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a "desperate attempt" to disrupt peace and normalcy.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," he tweeted.
Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and army were responding to the attack.
"Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It's an ongoing encounter," he said.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.
Parrikar also said that the Army has been intercepting terrorists and eliminating them.
"Last few days, the Army has been intercepting the terrorists and eliminating them. So, I think it is a sign of increased interception by the army," he said.

Chokehold death: Protesters swarm NY s Times...Protesters swarm New York, other cities for second night over chokehold death
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.39AM IST
The protests were over a jury's decision declining to bring criminal charges against a white police officer in the choking death of an unarmed black man.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: People swarmed the streets of New York and other cities for a second night to protest a grand jury's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of an unarmed black man.
The wave of protests began after no charges were brought against Officer Daniel Pantaleo for his role in a confrontation that killed Eric Garner . A bystander caught the incident on a video that has been shown repeatedly.
The reaction echoes the outrage after a grand jury also declined to indict a white policeman for killing an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Missouri. US Attorney General Eric Holder has mounted a civil rights review of the Missouri shooting and promised a full investigation of the New York case.
The protests began during at the evening rush hour, with demonstrators weaving between cars and trucks and bringing traffic on city streets to a near-standstill. The marches picked up recruits along the way, shifted directions, splintered and regrouped, but remained relatively peaceful for a second night.
Tensions came as at least 3,000 protesters converged in Times Square about an hour before midnight. Blocking the major interaction of 42nd Street and Seventh Avenue, they chanted at police, "Who do you protect?" Soon hundreds of officers shoved them on to sidewalks. Dozens were detained, although police declined to provide exact tallies.
Earlier, protesters in lower Manhattan staged sporadic sit-ins at intersections before police in riot gear warned them to move on or face arrest. Most complied.
Sharon Gordon, 52, of Matawan, New Jersey, said she hoped politicians would take heed. "There's been a confluence of social media and outrage," she said. "I do believe for the first time we're about to make a change."
Waves of marchers also blocked traffic on two bridges between Manhattan and Brooklyn, then converged on the Staten Island ferry terminal at Manhattan's southern. The main group headed west and temporarily shut the West Side Highway, resulting in at least a handful of arrests, before turning north toward Times Square.
A smaller crowd confronted police with taunts. Chesray Dolpha, 31, yelled at the officers: "We are not violent. We are not touching you. What are you doing with that baton, brother?" The police made eye contact but did not reply.
Elsewhere, hundreds also demonstrated in Washington D.C., chanting, "No justice, no peace, no racist police," as they passed the Justice Department, neared the White House and headed to the Washington Monument. Protesters staged a "die-in" there, sprawling on the roadway to block traffic.
Protesters also blocked traffic on Interstate 35W in Minneapolis and on Lake Shore Drive in Chicago. Other demonstrations prompted officials to close two Bay Area Rapid Transit stops in Oakland, California, and re-route bus traffic around part of San Francisco's Market Street.
CHOKEHOLDS AND RETRAINING
Unlike the Aug. 9 shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Missouri, Garner's encounter with New York police was captured on video by a bystander's mobile phone. It showed Pantaleo wrapping his arm around Garner's throat and wrestling him to the sidewalk as three other officers help subdue him.
Page 1 of 2

Apple plans big India push with 500 storesApple plans big India push with 500 stores
By Pankaj Doval, TNN | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.58AM IST
After being on the fringes for long, the company is finally set to cut loose in the fast-growing Indian phone market.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Apple, the Cupertino-based world's most valuable electronics maker, has decided to go big in India. After being on the fringes for long, the company is finally set to cut loose in the fast-growing Indian phone market . The world's most admired electronics brand - that sells devices such as the iPhone, iPad tablet and iPod media player - plans 500 'iOS' stores in the country in its first major push that will include moving into smaller towns and cities.
The company, which recently topped $700 billion in market cap in the US, has been in India since 2011, but not been a mainline brand here like many other overseas markets, including China. This is in contrast to its Korean rival Samsung that dominates the Indian phone market.
"All this will change now. The company is finalizing plans to become a serious player in India, which is being seen as a strategic and one of the most promising markets globally," a top company source told TOI.
The company sold around one million phones in India in the year ending September 2014 and expects the volume to treble this year and top 3 million. "And, it will only strengthen from here as the expansion starts and picks pace," another source said.
Apple currently operates in India through two key distributors - Redington and Ingram, who in turn supply the products to regional distributors, multi-product trade channels and Apple Premium Re-seller stores and Apple Authorized Re-seller outlets. Redington is one of the biggest partners for Apple in India and accounts for nearly 70% of its sales. Puneet Narang, who heads Redington's marketing of iComm Strategic Business Unit, however, did not comment on Apple's plans.
Sources said the company feels that there is "very high" potential for its products, including in smaller towns and cities like Amritsar, Pathankot, Moga, Coimbatore, Trichy, Nagpur and Nasik. Currently, the company is big in cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata and Chennai. "We are amazed at the purchasing power in smaller towns. The primary objective is to give a better and proper experience with adequate product demonstration," another source added.
The sources said Apple has "tentatively approved" the expansion proposal and will give a final go-ahead very soon, defining all the parameters and phases of expansion. "These new stores will be smaller in size and could range from 300-600 sq ft against over 2,000 sq ft size of existing stores in bigger cities." A franchise model is likely to be adopted and could be spearheaded by Redington. Apple is also expected to increase spending for direct advertising in India, apart from publicity undertaken by its distributors.

Barack Obama to have a three-layered security during India visitThe USSS experts will hold consultations with a team of Delhi Police besides senior officials on the route that the president will take from airport. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A team of the US Secret Service (USSS) that protects American presidents and vice-presidents will be in Delhi in the next few days to conduct a recce of Rajpath where the Republic Day parade would be held, as Barack Obama would be the chief guest for the event. The USSS experts will hold consultations with a team of Delhi Police besides senior officials on the route that the president will take from airport to the hotel where he will be staying, besides the route on which Obama will travel to various venues in the city, official sources told ET.
The visiting team will also visit the five-star hotel where the President will stay to take stock of the security arrangements and suggest additional requirements if any, sources pointed out. A senior government source said the security arrangements at Rajpath will be of "unprecedented level" given the presence of two of the most well-protected personalities, Barack Obama and Narendra Modi at the function.
"The presence of the US President at an open-air function is expected to be a top security priority for the USSS. We are preparing for a detailed briefing to them on how security will be handled at Rajpath during the event," the source said. The IB Chief, Delhi Police Commissioner and the Union Home Secretary have been asked to "personally oversee" the security arrangements this time.
A key challenge for both US and Indian security officials will be the open air venue at Delhi's Rajpath where Republic Day parade is organised. The Republic Day celebrations are given air cover and snipers are posted in high rises near the venue, sources said, adding, this architecture will be strengthened for the next parade where Obama will be present.
The officials, however, refused to divulge details. "There is a possibility that over two dozen government buildings around Rajpath may be sealed two days in advance rather than one day which has been the precedent," a source added. An advanced security team will arrive a fortnight ahead of President's touch down in Delhi.

Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka: Indians don t speak up  they just follow ordersSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Vishal Sikka , 47, took over as CEO of Infosys at a time when things looked dim for the once vaunted software company. It had gone through over two years of underperformance compared to some of its peers. Sikka's appointment was a surprise and a relief. Surprise because of his background in software products that was very different from the services space at Infosys. Relief because many wanted a fresh face at the helm. In the four months since Sikka's appointment, the Infosys stock has risen significantly.
In an exclusive interview to TOI, Sikka says he feels a tremendous burden of expectation:
What are your thoughts on the first four months at Infosys?
The atmosphere is electric. People are so excited, there is so much positive energy that has been built up — it's difficult to describe. Never seen anything like this. Yes, may be in the trip to Australia with (PM Narendra) Modi. But that was little different. I walk into these rooms and people go crazy. There's a tremendous burden of expectation.
How different is it from SAP?
I have to think more about this. But the propensity to change, the desire to improve is awesome in Infosys. Over the last year there was this turmoil, people leaving. I created a team to look at simplification of processes, to deal with problems people have. Everybody in the team was so genuinely passionate about simplifying things. I was very impressed. Our development centre (DC) in Chennai told me they would be the best embracer of artificial intelligence among DCs in Infosys. You don't normally find large companies embrace change this way.
What makes it so?
Part of it comes from our education, which is at the heart of Infosys. Our Mysore training campus is so awesome. We can train on such a massive scale — 16,000 trainees at a time for 23 weeks. Mr Murthy used to call it learnability. Education is in the mindset of employees, they are keen to learn.
What do you see as your big challenges?
One is that the company processes have not kept pace with its massive growth. Another is that we have to improve the confidence of the youngsters. This is true for all Indian IT companies. The consistent feedback from customers is that though Infosys is without comparison in quality and delivery and we follow orders dutifully, we don't speak up, we are not proactive. As an innovator, this made me very sad. We are trained to solve problems, not trained to find problems. We have this cultural thing — if I speak up, it is questioning of authority. This is totally counter to the Western mindset. We serve Western companies, and they expect us to speak up. John McCarthy, father of artificial intelligence and who was in my examination committee, once told me this unforgettable thing: Finding and articulating the problem is half the solution. The other half is to solve it.
Many of the solutions to yesterday's problems will be automated. But no matter how intelligent robots become, they will not tell us what the big problems are, they don't have the imagination of human beings. That's why I'm moving the company in that direction.
Do you think this will result in some confusion?
The results of the change will take a while. But the mindset change will happen instantaneously. The industry has been in a downward spiral, even the big western guys. They are hiring cheaper and cheaper, jamming people into projects faster and faster, hiring from more and more mediocre places. That is the wrong direction. That spiral goes to zero. We want to create an upward spiral, create more and more value. Turbo props were excellent planes, but they lost the battle to jet engines. There's a certain inevitability about going up the value chain.
Where do you see Infosys five years from now?
I see it as a next-generation services company that offers all kinds of amazing and innovative software solutions to the world's best companies. The world needs software right now, the world is being dramatically reshaped by software. I want Infosys to be not only the leading IT services company, but the leading IT company. It should continue to be driven by the humanity of our people, but it should embrace technology to create a much more amplified human effect. Prof Mashelkar (R A Mashelkar, former head of CSIR) used to have this beautiful line: "Do more with less for more". I want a much more productive, innovative Infosys, a company that customers think of when they think of their next-generation problems. Not just for staff augmentation — that's such a horrible idea.
How much of your US stint has shaped your thinking?
I don't know. I have now lived 27 years in the US, and 20 years in India. So a lot of that influence is there.
Do you think it's possible to have a startup culture in a big company with 165,000 people?
I think Infosys is a 165,000-people startup. We genuinely believe that. You have to have the mindset that the world can be significantly better than it is. You must have the imagination of what it could be like, the knowledge of how that could be made to happen. It is a borderline irrational conviction that you can do it.
But how do you encourage entrepreneurship in a company that is so big? It is a legacy company...
I did two startups and doing a startup is an incredibly noble thing. It is one of the greatest experiences in life. And those people who can do it based on their life situation, must try doing a startup. But entrepreneurship is not the domain only of startups. It can be done anywhere.
In SAP, when I was trying to do Hana (the in-memory database), people said these guys have lost their minds, they must be on drugs, they said SAP will never build a database, let alone a next-generation database. But we did. My team had that culture. We are doing the same thing in Infosys.
A team in Pune is working on AI (artificial intelligence), creating a natural language-understanding system that automatically mines lots of text to find leads for the insurance industry. If there is a hurricane somewhere, or if a child is born, the system recognizes it as a lead for an insurance company, and provides the information to an agent. This kid came to me wanting to do something in digital agriculture because five generations of his family have been in agriculture. My wish is to see that we have 165,000 such entrepreneurs. We have a building in Hyderabad, it is water-cooled - innovated by our own people. It consumes 30% of the energy that normal buildings do. Google sent people there to see how it works. We'll soon have 20 LEED Platinum-rated buildings. We are probably the world's No. 1 company in sustainable buildings. Our Mysore campus pays for itself. All this because the infrastructure team has entrepreneurial thinking.
You opened up Twitter and Facebook to employees. Is it part of the initiative to give more freedom to employees? It has been the norm in the IT services industry to restrict such activities because of customer concerns...
When I was in Stanford, one of the things that shaped my thinking was what is called the Honour Code. Examiners don't sit in the examination hall during exams. Students sign the Honour Code. Violation of the code is inexcusable. The assumption is we trust what you do — if you break the trust, there are unforgiveable consequences. And we empower the people to do the right thing.
We do not violate the things we commit to clients. We go to great lengths to ensure the freedom we give is not at odds with the commitments we give to clients - the number of hours worked, the conditions of the work, the security of the work. Not everything applies to everyone at the same time. If a client has certain requirements, those cannot be violated. But others who are not under that do not have to follow those requirements. So we now have this team to simplify things. They are looking at simplifying HR policies, maternity leave, and many other policies, without violating client commitments.
Page 1 of 2

Four IIT-Kanpur students turn down Rs 1 crore per annum offersB. Tech
(It is not everyday that a…)
KANPUR: Considerations of professional fulfilment and a desire to pursue higher studies have trumped offers of eight-figure salaries during placements at IITKanpur as four students chose to turn down jobs which would have paid them more than Rs 1 crore yearly.
It is not everyday that a job-seeker turns down a Rs 1 crore offer and the decision by four of them -- three boys and a girl student -- at the premier technological institute here is sure to create a flutter, especially when two of them are said to have settled for lower salaries in order to work in profiles which they found to be more suitable for themselves.
According to the chairman of the IIT-Kanpur Placement Cell, Prof Deepu Philip, the remaining two male students have opted for higher studies over signing up to join any company.
Philip, who refused to divulge the names of the four students, said that the offers were made yesterday by a multinational company during placement interviews on their campus.
"The offer to these four students was for a take home of $150,000, or close to Rs 93 lakh per annum. Along with other incentives and perks, the size of the package was more than Rs 1 crore yearly," Philip told PTI today.
"The girl student and one of the boys declined the offer saying it did not match their temperament and that they wanted professional fulfilment from their jobs. The two have accepted offers of Rs 50 lakh per annum from a smaller company.
"The remaining two students said they want to focus on higher studies and were, therefore, not keen on taking up the Rs 1 crore offer," added Philip.
In one of the fattest pay packages offered to an IITian ever in campus placements, a student of IIT Kharagpur was a few days back offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs 1.5 crore. IIT authorities have refused to disclose details about the student or the company which made the offer, saying "this brings unnecessary attention to the student".
IIT sources claimed that the 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by the Kharagpur unit and among the largest ever in all IITs.
IIT Kanpur had kicked off its placement drive on Dec. 1 with around 1,290 students from B.Tech, B.Tech Dual and M.Tech courses registering for the same. The placement drive will continue till Dec. 24.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I see India s role as an export hub: ABB CEO Ulrich SpiesshoferI see India's role as an export hub, says ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer
By Satish John , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.50AM IST
"It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves alot of attention from our side," says Ulrich Spiesshofer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ABB global CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer , 50, is on a mission to change the way the global leader in power to automation does business. India is the largest engineering hub for ABB worldwide, with about 4,000 engineers and will play a key role in its future, he said in an interview to ET. Those employees include the 1,200 in its R&D centre, which ABB plans to leverage to tap markets in Africa and elsewhere for affordable micro power grids, locomotive technology and other segments, the German national said on a day in which the ABB India stock surged 20% before ending at Rs 1,315.05, up 13%.
Spiesshofer, who is changing the organisational structure in ABB, is eyeing opportunities in India in locomotives and renewables as the country looks to modernise its electricity network and put in place infrastructure for smart cities. Edited excerpts:
On India Expectations
There is a very large and strong home market.
There are some underlying dynamics both in the power and automation side of our business which will allow us to participate in the market very strongly and I see India's role as an export hub . It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves a lot of attention from our side.
On Opportunities In Power
ABB is into power and automation.
There is a big shift that's happening in the generation side. In the future, one can expect much more activity from the renewables generation side. ABB has the strongest offering in solar energy.
We'll continue to invest there.
We've localised some of the activities and we're ideally placed in the segment. In the utilities space, we need to bring power to the consumption side. Renewables mean longer distances. We need to have low loss, higher distribution.
Look at the consumption side of it.
Over 300 million Indians are without access to electricity. There are two options to reach electricity to them. It can be either through the conventional way or through micro-grids where you can take solar or wind energy and combine them with storage and distribute them.
We are driving it very aggressively.
If you take agriculture, most countries consume about 2% of the electricity that is generated. In India, agriculture consumes more than 20%. This is only because of very inefficient irrigation systems.
We have developed solar pumps in India, where we have solar panels and water pumps that exist close to each other and then you engage in irrigation in a much more responsible way. So for me, the utility sector, the electricity value chains are opportunities that are very demanding.
Another emerging opportunity is in the transportation and infrastructure space. The government is talking about setting up more than 100 smart cities. There is a lot of investment in transport.
Page 1 of 3

Sensex in a range; defence stocks firing on all cylinders  surge 10%Sensex trading in a range, Nifty holds 8550; top ten stocks in focus
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 11.09AM IST
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28593.62, up 30 points or 0.11 per cent. It touched a high of 28651.75 and a low of 28560.21 in trade today.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a range with a positive bias on Friday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. ITC, ICICI Bank , L&T were top Sensex gainers.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in range but above its crucial psychological level of 8575, supported by gains in capital goods, auto, banks and oil & gas stocks.
At 11:07 am, the Sensex was at 28,582.12; up 19.30 points.
The Nifty was at 8,570.90; up 6.50 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
SAIL: Government's five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share tomorrow, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.5 per cent lower at Rs 83.95.
Coal India Ltd: As many as 27 mines of Coal India having geological reserves of 1200 million tonnes are yet to begin production, Parliament was informed today.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 356.65.
Axis Bank Ltd: Country's third largest private sector lender Axis Bank today raised Rs 5,705 crore in infrastructure bonds in a single-largest closure since the instrument was introduced in July.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 503.40.
Dena Bank Ltd: State-run lender Dena Bank plans to sell Rs 400-500 crore of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies in the last quarter of the fiscal, a senior bank official said here today.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 62.30.
MCX Ltd: Country's largest commodity exchange MCX today invited expressions of interest from potential investors to divest its stake in MCX-SX and MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 890.50.
ONGC: Amid falling global crude prices, subsidy-sharing formula for oil is holding up disinvestment of government stake in ONGC , a key element of the finance ministry's plan to meet the fiscal deficit target for the current financial year, said media reports. At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 370.80.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the Indian drugmaker.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent higher at Rs 628.30.
SpiceJet: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has decided to withdraw credit facility relating to airport user fees to the financially-embattled low-cost carrier SpiceJet at all airports in the country from Thursday midnight
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 8 per cent lower at Rs 17.
Sahara Group stocks: As it tries to raise funds for securing release of chief Subrata Roy from Tihar jail, the Sahara group on Thursday sold a big land parcel in Gurgaon near here for Rs.1,211 crore to realty firm M3M India Ltd , said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; Sahara Housingfina Corporation Ltd was trading 0.1 per cent lower at Rs 50.
Mangalore Chemicals Ltd: Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd rallied as much as 14.1 per cent in trade on Friday, after Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group said that it will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 8.8 per cent higher at Rs 93.75.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Bengal BJP claims Muslim support  Trinamool deniesBengal BJP claims Muslim support, TMC denies
Ravik Bhattacharya , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, December 05, 2014
First Published: 01:25 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:29 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has seen a rise in the number of Muslim members in West Bengal since the general election with the total number crossing 2.5 lakh as it seeks to make an inroad in the Trinamool Congress-ruled state, party leaders told HT on Thursday.
Senior party members attributed the rise in the membership to their aggressive push for development and intensive membership drive after the party grew into the main opposition with many Muslim supporters of the CPI(M) and the Trinamool turning to the party after the general election.
"Our membership drive was rolled out on November 5 and Muslims joined our party in a major way after the Lok Sabha polls," said state BJP president Rahul Sinha on Thursday.
"By rough estimates we have over 2.5 lakh members from the Muslim community now. It may work out to over 12 lakh supporters. The number is growing by the day," Sinha added.
Muslims constitute 27% of the state's population, according to the 2001 census, and played a key role in the Trinamool Congress' good performances in the 2011 assembly and 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The BJP says that number has risen to more than 30% now.
The community is supposed to hold the key to about 60 assembly constituencies, mostly in the districts of Malda, Murshidabad, North 24 Parganas and south 24 Parganas.
BJP sources said unlike in the rest of the country where it is considered a Hindu party, the party presented a neutral face in Bengal. Even while raising the illegal migration issue, party leaders took care not to offend Indian Muslims.
The party also took care not to lash out at madrasas after the Burdwan incident but only pointed out that it was a small section of the community which was involved in such activities, they added.
"In Birbhum, Panrui and Ilambazar areas our supporters were killed by the ruling party supporters who unleashed mayhem. The victims are all Muslims. This is proof enough that now Bengal's Muslims are reposing their faith on Narendra Modi's development agenda and joining us. It also exposes the real face of Trinamool Congress," said BJP national secretary Sidharth Nath Singh.
"On the one hand they are putting up posters of the chief minister with her head covered and offering namaz. On the other, her workers are killing Muslims," added Singh.
The party's membership drive that was rolled out through SMS and phone calls seem to have triggered considerable response. BJP leaders also claim about 2 lakh new members enrolled from Kolkata alone within days after Amit Shah's rally in the state capital on November 30.
"After the Lok sabha polls we conducted small group meetings in districts. We made them understand that development is our only agenda, and we can provide them security from the ruling party," said Shakil Ansari, state president of party's minority wing.
Apart from Urdu speaking Muslims in Kolkata, Bengali speaking Muslims too are slowly making their way towards BJP. The trend is evident in border districts like Malda Murshidabad, North and South 24 Parganas, North and South Dinajpur as well as districts like Birbhum, Nadia and Burdwan.
"As many as 20,000 Muslims have joined us after the Lok Sabha polls. Ordinary poor Muslims have not benefited in the Mamata Banerjee regime," Ashraful Bulbul, a BJP leader from North Dinajpur told HT.
Trinamool leaders, however, scoffed at the suggestion that Muslims were turning to the BJP.
"They are living in a fool's paradise. Muslim sentiments are being hurt by the statements of BJP leaders such as the recent one by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. Churches are also being attacked in Delhi," Trinamool MP Sultan Ahmed said.

ACC  Grasim Ind  Ambuja Cements to get astro support: GuptaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ACC, Grasim Ind, Ambuja Cements to get astro support: Gupta
Cement stocks such as UltraTech Cement, India Cements, Grasim Industries, Ambuja Cements and ACC will get astro support, says Satish Gupta of astrostocktips.
Post your opinion here
 
By Satish Gupta of astrostocktips:
Today’s planetary position: Moon will be transiting in Taurus. Jupiter in Cancer. Ketu in Pisces. Lord Rahu in Virgo, Lord Saturn, Venus, Mercury & Sun in Scorpio, Mars in Capricorn. Pluto in Sagittarius. Neptune in Aquarius & Uranus in Pisces.
Rahu Kal Time: - 10:30 – 12:00
Following sectors will be getting astrological support:
Every year with commencement on new Samvat (Hindu New Year), astrologically, based on planetary position, certain new sectors start getting astrological support & outperform, while others remain laggard.
During last samavat 2070 among other sectors, pharma and IT sectors received strong astrological support & outperformed.
One should trade only in the stocks of that sectors which are getting very strong astrologically support, since the chances of losing money in such stocks are very less.
Sectors which get strong astro support are not normally affected by downfall in the market.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Manugraph India appoints Mihir Mehta as company secretaryDec 05, 2014, 10.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Manugraph India appoints Mihir Mehta as company secretary
Manugraph India Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ravindra V. Joshi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer has resigned from the services of the Company from the closing business hours on November 17, 2014. Further, the Company has appointed Mr. Mihir Mehta as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Manugraph India appoints Mihir Mehta as company secretary
Manugraph India Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ravindra V. Joshi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer has resigned from the services of the Company from the closing business hours on November 17, 2014. Further, the Company has appointed Mr. Mihir Mehta as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Manugraph India Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ravindra V. Joshi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer has resigned from the services of the Company from the closing business hours on November 17, 2014.Further, the Company has appointed Mr. Mihir Mehta, a member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

GAIL subsidiary signs agreement to procure natural gas for liquefaction at Cove Point  USDec 05, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GAIL subsidiary signs agreement to procure natural gas for liquefaction at Cove Point, US
Gail India announced signing of a sourcing agreement between its subsidiary GAIL Global USA LNG LLC and US-based company WGL Midstream Inc. for procurement of natural gas required to produce about 2.5 MTPA of LNG at the Cove Point Terminal located in Maryland, US.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GAIL subsidiary signs agreement to procure natural gas for liquefaction at Cove Point, US
Gail India announced signing of a sourcing agreement between its subsidiary GAIL Global USA LNG LLC and US-based company WGL Midstream Inc. for procurement of natural gas required to produce about 2.5 MTPA of LNG at the Cove Point Terminal located in Maryland, US.
Post your opinion here
 
Gail (India) Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated December 05, 2014, titled "GAIL subsidiary signs agreement to procure natural gas for liquefaction at Cove Point, US".  Gail India announced signing of a sourcing agreement between its subsidiary GAIL Global USA LNG LLC and US-based company WGL Midstream Inc. for procurement of natural gas required to produce about 2.5 MTPA of LNG at the Cove Point Terminal located in Maryland, US.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

NDA Disinvestment Back on TrackThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mangalore Chemicals stock surges 8%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Japan October coincident indicator index up 0.4 pointThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Luminaire Technologies to hold EGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Axis Bank gains on fund raising via infrastructure bondThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Selan surges 7% on hopes of production ramp-upThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ashiana Housing signs Development agreement with Escapade Real EstateThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee Strengthens By 12 Paise Against DollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lol 150k bid at 3.71  30k@3.72 44k@3.73 66k@3.74...... retail investo...New Member
3 Followers
lol 150k bid at 3.71,  30k@3.72 44K@3.73 66K@3.74...... retail investors don`t fall in the trap and sell this Gem ..... Operators are waiting in que to grab at low values beware........ Protect your capital at anycost... dont sell  at a loss as this will soon be in low double digits to high double digits in 3-6 months don`t sell only Hold for now
11.28 AM Dec 5th  | Track

Intra day is usually risky. you can buy it now for a target of 306 wi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear bsb4580 the market cap has moved from just 30 crore a year back t...Silver Member
74 Followers
Dear bsb4580 the market cap has moved from just 30 crore a year back to Rs.400 crores today and I agree it will move to 500 crores within december.
Next year we will see the market cap of Rs.800 to 1000 crores.

Iam stuck at 110 levels does it makes sense to apply for ofsPlatinum Member
108 Followers
Since there will be heavy demand of shares on retail, better not to lose the handy ones as the price may shoot to Rs.90 once OFS concludes
In reply to : kapilsksk message
10.21 PM Dec 3rd

Chinese stocks cool off on profit-takingChinese stocks cool off on profit-taking
Reuters
HK shares up on inflows
Shanghai, Dec 5:  
Chinese stocks slipped early Friday, but the fall was checked by soaring brokerage shares and a key index could produce its best week this year as small investors stayed bullish.
The main indices both rose over 2 per cent before investors booked profits, particularly on property shares that earlier surged on speculation Beijing would ease policy further.
At the end of the morning, the CSI300 index was off 0.6 per cent at 3,084.98 points and the Shanghai Composite Index also lost 0.6 per cent, to 2,881.28 points.
The Nasdaq-style ChiNext Composite Index of mostly high tech start-ups listed in Shenzhen slumped 3.3 per cent.
“There is strong profit-taking pressure, with the index set to hit 3,000 points and after such a big jump,’’ said Zhang Yanbin, analyst at Zheshang Securities in Shanghai.
The real estate sub-index of the CSI300 fell 3.1 per cent but remained up over 4 per cent for the week.
Haitong Securities, Hong Yuan Securities and Southwest Securities rose their 10 per cent daily limits.
The Shanghai Composite and CSI300 leapt around 20 per cent during a bull run the past nine days after China's first interest rate cut in more than two years.
The CSI300 is up over 9 per cent this week and the SSEC 7 per cent.
But volatility has also risen. Ten-day volatility on the CSI300 stood at over 30 on Friday, its highest since a cash crunch of 2013 saw indexes tank.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index rose 0.7 per cent, to 24,007.69 points, mainly supported by overseas flows, with financials leading gains. The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 1.1 per cent, to 11,611.39.
For the week, the indexes were up 0.1 per cent and 4.2 per cent, respectively.
“Overseas money inflows added to the momentum, leading to a high turnover today,’’ said Linus Yip, chief strategist at First Shanghai Securities in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong shares of dual-listed Chinese firms continued to trade at sharp discounts to onshore versions, with the A-H share premium index hovering near a 17-month high.
The index was down about 0.14 percent at 113.72. A value over 100 indicates that shares in dual-listed companies are cheaper in Hong Kong than in Shanghai.
Total volume of A-shares traded in Shanghai was 43.73 billion shares, while Shenzhen had 21.08 billion shares.
Official data showed Chinese retail investors, who conduct 60-80 per cent of mainland stock trades, opened over a million brokerage accounts in November, up 280 per cent from a year earlier.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Axis Bank gains on fund raising via infrastructure bondsAxis Bank gains on fund raising via infrastructure bonds
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 10:57 AM IST
Axis Bank, India’s third largest private-sector lender has gained over 1% at Rs 505 after the bank on Tuesday said that it has raised Rs 5,705 crore by selling infrastructure bonds. The 10-year senior unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) at coupon rate of 8.85 per cent payable annually.
The NCDs have been rated AAA by CRISIL and ICRA. The bonds will be allotted to eligible investors on Friday.
The bank plans to use this money to strengthen its long-term resources for financing sectors like infrastructure and affordable housing.
“We are pleased to have received a very good response for the infrastructure bonds from domestic as well as foreign investors. This issue was launched immediately after our recent international bond offering and generated very good response from pension, provident funds, mutual funds, multilateral financial institutions, foreign financial institutions and insurance companies,” Sidharth Rath, president (treasury, business banking and capital markets), Axis Bank, said.
The stock opened at Rs 501 and touched a high of Rs 506 on the BSE. At 10:55AM, over 10 lakh shares were traded on both the stock exchanges.

Will the government s divestment programme sail throughWill govt's disinvestment programme 'SAIL' through?
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 10:28 PM IST
The government’s ambitious disinvestment programme for 2014-15 kicked off on Friday with the sale of stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), through the offer-for-sale (OFS) route — barely three months before the financial year ends. Of the overall target of raising Rs 58,425 crore through disinvestment in the current financial year, the government raised Rs 1,715 crore through the SAIL OFS, which was subscribed 2.08 times on Friday; the portion reserved for retail investors was subscribed 2.66 times.
Besides the SAIL OFS, where the government is looking to pare five per cent of its stake to bring the holding to 75 per cent, there are companies like Coal India, ONGC, NHPC, Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corp (REC), Hindustan Zinc and Balco, where the government intends to divest stake, reports suggest.
However, going by the experience of the previous years — when the actual proceeds from stake sale were much lower than the targets — the government’s disinvestment target for 2014-15 appears too ambitious.
For instance, in 2013-14, receipts from sale of minority shareholding in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) totalled Rs 15,819.46 crore, against a disinvestment target of Rs 40,000 crore, show data from the department of divestment. These disinvestment proceeds last year were: Rs 571.71 crore from MMTC; Rs 259.56 crore from Hindustan Copper; Rs 101.08 crore from National Fertilisers; Rs 30.17 crore from India Tourism Development Corp; Rs 4.54 crore from State Trading Corp; Rs 358.21 crore from Neyveli Lignite; Rs 2,131.28 crore from NHPC; Rs 1,637.32 crore from Power Grid Corp; Rs 497.32 crore from Engineers India Ltd; Rs 1,886.78 crore from Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd; Rs 5,341.49 crore from Indian Oil Corp; Rs 3,000 crore from CPSE-ETF.
Likewise, in 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13, the government could only garner Rs 22,144.21 crore, Rs 13,894.05 crore and Rs 23,956.81 crore through sale of minority shareholding in CPSEs, which were 44.64 per cent, 65.27 per cent, and 20.14 per cent short of actual targets for each of those years.
So, will this time be any different or will the cash-rich Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) again have to come to the rescue?
Ambit Investment Advisors Managing Director Vaibhav Sanghavi explains: “The one difference this time is that the markets are quite buoyant and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) are looking at opportunities to invest. So, if they get a good deal in terms of stocks/companies on offer, they will definitely invest. In terms of key macros, India is in a much better shape and the developments are being viewed positively by investors. Even if the disinvestment target for this financial year is not met, the shortfall will not be much.”
“For a retail investor wanting to buy PSU stocks, the government’s stake sale programme is a good time to get in. There are a lot of PSUs that have tremendous value. So, if one is looking to stay invested for the longer term, this is a good option. The retail investors are also getting a cushion in terms of discounts on offer in these issues,” he adds.
Meanwhile, there have been reports that LIC, known to be the government’s white knight for divestment programmes, has been exiting some stocks to prepare a war-chest for this year’s programme. Reports suggest LIC’s investment in equity markets this financial year has been Rs 45,000 crore; it could be ready to invest more through the government’s stake sale programme.
“I think the government has done the right thing by announcing the list of probable candidates well in advance. It also wants to address key issues like subsidies, which could have been an overhang for disinvestment candidates like ONGC. This gives a lot of clarity to investors wanting to buy these stocks or participating in the Centre’s disinvestment programme. It will ensure the programme is successful. Given the market environment we are in, I don’t think raising money for the government through the stake sale route will be a problem,” says Deven Choksey, managing director & chief executive of K R Choksey Shares and Securities.

Srinivasa Hatcheries gains on volunatry delisting proposal from promotersSrinivasa Hatcheries gains on volunatry delisting proposal from promoters
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 10:51 AM IST
Srinivasa Hatcheries has gained over 5% to Rs 107.85 on BSE after the company's promoters came up with a proposal to voluntarily de-list the company.
 
Pursuant to a Board of Directors meeting, the company informed BSE that it has received letters from the promoter and promoter group of the company, currently holding 75% of the paid-up capital, with a proposal to voluntarily delist the equity shares of the company from BSE in accordance with the SEBI regulations.
 
The promoter and promoter group,  C Jagapati Rao, C.Suresh Rayudu, C.Jahnavi, Srinivasa Farms Private Ltd, Jagapathi Investments among others, have made an offer of floor price of Rs 110 at which they intend to buy the equity shares from the public shareholders which is 14% higher than the price of Rs 96.48 determined as per SEBI guidelines.
 
The promoter and promoter group intend to obtain full ownership of the company to support company's business and strategic needs with increased operational flexibility and also to provide an exit opportunity to the public shareholders.
 
A public announcement of the voluntary delisting proposal from the promoter and promoter group is proposed to be made after the consent of the public shareholders of the company and in-principle approval from BSE along with other approvals and consents as may be required from regulatory and government authorities have been received.
 
The stocks opened at Rs 118 which is also the high level till 10:45 hrs. Around, 7,000 shares have changed hands on BSE. The stock is not listed on NSE.

RBI governor Raghuram Rajan holds out hope for rate cut in early 2015RBI governor Raghuram Rajan holds out hope for rate cut in early 2015
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 02, 2014
First Published: 22:54 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:24 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan kept benchmark interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, but said that banks haven’t cut lending costs despite a fall in money market rates.
The RBI governor said the transmission of the monetary policy has not taken completely as banks have not passed on the benefit of lower interest rates to borrowers.
In the recent times, it has been observed that the inter-bank call rates have fallen well below the RBI-desired level of 8%, the prevailing repo rate (the rate at which the central bank lends money to commercial banks). Sharp dips in call rates signal liquidity available in the market.
The call money market deals with day-to-day funds requirements of the banks. When one bank faces a temporary shortage of cash, it borrows from another bank that has surplus cash for a period of one or two days.
“The transmission process is still not working significantly and therefore one would imagine that if past falls in short-term rates haven’t been passed through, then additional rate cut is only a mild chance,” Rajan said.
“I do believe that there is a signalling effect and I do believe that once banks are confident that rates will come down and stay down, they may start passing through more,” Rajan said.
Rajan, however, maintained that he is not suggesting anything to banks asking them to lower their lending rates.
Analysts and bankers expect the RBI to cut interest rates in March next year.
“The policy stance is obviously dovish. He (Rajan) has left the window open, which means that a rate cut could happen at any point of time,” said SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
“To that extent, the market is already expecting a cut early next year. Our feel is that it will probably be after the budget and the cut may be more than 0.25 percentage points at that point of time,” she added.
Other experts also echoed similar opinion.
“The first rate cut could take place post-budget in 2015. By that time, there would be more clarity on the inflation trajectory as well as the fiscal health of the economy,” said DK Joshi, chief economist of Crisil, a credit rating and research firm.
ICICI Bank managing director Chanda Kochhar said that “results of the government actions to energise investment activity should start playing out in the coming months. As this happens and interest rates moderate, we should see an improvement in growth going forward”.
“We expect RBI to reverse its policy stance by lowering the repo rate in the next policy in February 2015 and start reducing the repo rate by 0.25 percentage points to begin with,” said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, Care Ratings.

Toughen up  smartiesGriffin Survivor
Protect your precious against the elements with these cases!
You don’t need to be Bear Grylls to think about a really tough case for your iPhone – the urban jungle is vicious enough to destroy any smartphone in less than a second. You’ve got everything from piping-hot-coffee-spills to the cardiac-arrest-inducing-drop on to the concrete. These are some cases that would offer near-military grade protection to your devices.
Otterbox Preserver
The Otterbox Preserver is probably one of the toughest cases made for the iPhones and the Samsung Galaxy S4 and S5. It offers waterproofing of up to a depth of 2 metres, for up to 30 minutes – you can comfortably take your phone into the shower at least. The Preserver also offers protection against drops of up to 6.6 feet – unless you’re a pro basketball player and taller than 2 metres, your phone is safe. Despite being a tough case, the Preserver's solid construction comes in many colours, and also carries internal foam cushioning and synthetic rubber coated on polycarbonate plastic on the outside.
Price: $90
Compatible with: iPhone 5/5s, Samsung Galaxy S4/S5
Griffin Survivor
Probably the most well-known, the Griffin Survivor is also one of the thickest cases around. The chunky case comes with port sealants and is dust and water-resistant, apart from providing drop-protection from up to 5.9ft (1.8 ft). Mind you, despite all the heft, the Survivor is only splash proof, and not fully waterproof. Although it does come with a tab over the camera that can be pulled out in case you want to take a good picture, and is compatible with iPhone 5S’s Touch ID fingerprint scanner. The Survivor also comes with a nifty detachable belt clip.
Price: $50
Compatible with: iPhone 4/4s/5/5s, Samsung Galaxy S series
Ballistic Hard Core
The case is aptly named Hard Core because the Ballistic HC series can take an insane amount of beating – there are multiple layers to absorb impact from all sides, and specially features a screen protector for the most violent drops. Sure, this does make the case a very hefty and bulky one, but it also offers assured drop protection from up to 12 feet up. You also get splash and dust protection from sealed ports, and get a holster grip. This case is recommended for iPhone users who work in an industrial environment, and for those who are just simply clumsy.
Price: $60
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Every nanosecond is an experienceUpdated: December 4, 2014 20:39 IST
LIT FOR LIFE 2015
‘Every nanosecond is an experience’
Apoorva sripathi
authors and poets
Linda Ashok on the issues that stir her conscience and drive her poetry. Linda will be a part of the Poetry with Prakriti, presented by The Hindu Lit for Life.
Linda Ashok laughs as she answers a question about her age. The 27-year-old, who identifies herself as pro-Tibetan, is the founder/president of RædLeafPoetry-India — a not-for-profit trust for promoting poetry and the allied arts with particular interest in the work of Indian poets, artists, photographers and scholars worldwide. Born and brought up in Kolkata, Linda has made Hyderabad her home for the last five years and is currently working on her second poetry manuscript that she will be reading from at the Poetry with Prakriti Festival.
What can one expect at your reading? 
My manuscript is a work in progress that is susceptible to its surroundings and it has no set theme. However, my recent works include an image of burning to which I’m deeply connected at an internal level; I’m connected with Tibet. As a child I’ve seen the crisis, I’ve seen burnt, charred bodies and have heard my mother telling me about burnt bodies in the hospital (this was in 1992). Also, I grew up with no electricity at home — so I had to study by a kerosene lamp which burnt me several times. These were painful experiences. Apart from this, I’ve also written poems about personal correspondence with the self. about interrogating myself. I want to come across as sincere. Then there’s another part on the counter-punch to our thinking as a society. Why are we not engaging in thoughts that are more much serious? Instead, we are pouring hatred into LGBT issues. We need to be progressive in our forward thinking.
Do you make it a point to stay within the above themes?
Somehow all my work encompasses these themes I spoke about. While addressing social issues is important, I primarily want to bring a difference in myself by my writing and I have done my bit for to the world. In this course of writing, if I can make people think, then that’s good.
Is there a method you follow when while putting pen to paper?
I have written in the most erratic of times — in the middle of the night when I’m in the bathroom, on a bus, where I penned my first poem about an old lady — and fleeting thoughts are the most important ones; one has to use them constructively later. I write at any given time. I’m like a rag-picker; For me, every nanosecond is an experience.
Linda will read at 10 a.m. (S.D.N.B. Vaishnav) and 1 p.m. (Kids Central) on December 4, at 7 p.m. (Apparao Gallery) on December 5, and at 11.30 a.m. (Hari Shree Vidyalayam) on December 6. For details about the Poetry with Prakriti Festival, visit prakritifoundation.com

Adopt GST instead of reviving BCTT  FBTSearch for:
Adopt GST instead of reviving BCTT, FBT
December 4, 2014, 6:01 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Companies , Economy , Edit Page , Finance , India , Times View , Wealth | ET
12
The Parthasarathi Shome led tax reform and administration commission (TARC) has run out of ideas. It wants to revive the banking cash transaction tax (BCTT) and the fringe benefit tax (FBT) to fight black money and widen the tax base. That’s ludicrous. A tax on cash withdrawals will lead to a flight of deposits from banks, even if savings bank accounts are spared. The panel’s premise that BCTT is the only source for taxmen to get a handle on transactions of unaccounted money is plain wrong, especially with KYC compliance. BCTT an inefficient tax, and will hurt industry. That’s why the UPA government, that introduced the levy, scrapped it later. The most effective way to fight tax evasion is to adopt the goods and services tax. GST will create multiple audit trails on value addition, and income across the production chain, based on which tax authorities can reach hidden incomes. It will boost collections and expand the tax base. The IT department should also use big data analytics to mine information and track the source of funds.
The FBT, a tax paid by employers on employee benefits that don’t form part of the salary, does make sense in theory. But, in practice, it is difficult to administer without subjecting industry to a new kind of inspector raj and arbitrary tax claims. It makes more sense to pursue alternative tax regimes. TARC’s recommendation to bring government officials and legislators under the purview of FBT is irrelevant. Past experience shows that FBT only pushed up the cost of compliance, without any sizeable contribution to the direct tax kitty. Of course, people’s tax liability should be proportional to their incomes. The answer lies in removing exemptions, not reviving junked levies.
The Shome panel’s recommendation to tax farmers with large land holdings, since farm incomes free of taxation become a conduit for large-scale evasion of nonfarm income, comes up against the Constitution, which gives states the right to tax farm incomes. It requires cooperation between the Centre and the states, just like GST, and that calls for political resolve.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

India services PMI jumps to 5 month-high in November: HSBCBank of India
(The HSBC Services PMI, rose…)
NEW DELHI: Faster growth in fresh orders spurred India's services sector, the largest contributor to the economy, to a fivemonth high in November while business sentiment slipped to the weakest level in nearly seven years, according to a private survey released on Wednesday.
The HSBC's purchasing managers' index for services accelerated to 52.6 points in November, compared to stagnation in the previous month. A reading above 50 on this survey-based index indicates expansion while below that underlines contraction.
"Service sector activity grew in November, as new business rose for the seventh month running," said Pranjul Bhandari, HSBC's chief Indian economist.
Business sentiment, however, slipped to the weakest level since mid-2007, according to the report based on a survey of 350 private firms.
"Despite the uptick in order flows, business sentiment deteriorated, reminding us that continued policy action that addresses investor concerns is needed to sustain growth momentum," said Bhandari.
The official GDP data released last week for the quarter to September showed slight improvement in the services sector, which grew 6.8% compared to 6.1% in the year-ago period.
Overall GDP growth during the quarter was 5.3%, slower than 5.7% in the previous threemonth period.
As per the survey, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index, which takes both services and manufacturing into account, rose to a five-month high of 53.6 points from 51 in the previous month.Post and telecommunications was the best performing among the broad areas monitored while contractions in activity were registered in financial intermediation, and hotels and restaurants, the report said.
According to the government's data, trade, hotels, transport and communication together recorded 3.8% growth in the July-September quarter, faster than 2.8% in the preceding quarter.
Banking sector is struggling with low credit offtake due to low investment sentiment.
HSBC's index for manufacturing rose to a 21-month high of 53.3 points in November, backed by strong output growth and robust orders.
The effect of manufacturing shows up in the services sector with a lag."Meanwhile, prices dipped on falling commodity prices and increased competition," said Bhandari.
Prices charged by Indian services firms deteriorated for the first time in more than four years in November.The Reserve Bank of India kept interest rates unchanged in its policy meet on Tuesday, but hinted at a cut early next year if inflation continues to ease and the government acts on the fiscal side.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This video captures 100 years of makeup trends in one minuteWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:17 pm
One lady, one beauty team and ten makeup variations. Cut Video presents a fascinating video for fashion lovers that capture 10 decades of fashion in a single minute.
Warning: You might end up watching this one-minute video 2-3 times, as you would notice a new thing every time.
These are the 10 looks that the video captures:
1. 1910

Panic grips coastal areas as Typhoon Hagupit approaches PhillipinesThis image captured by NASA's Aqua satellite shows Typhoon Hagupit on Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014 at 04:30 UTC in the western Pacific Ocean.(Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Manila (phillipines) |
Posted: December 4, 2014 2:22 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:20 pm
A ferocious and dangerously erratic typhoon blew closer to the Philippines Friday, as differing forecasts about its path _ one predicting it will graze the capital Manila _ prompted a much wider swath of the country to prepare for a weekend of destructive winds and rain.
Typhoon Hagupit _Filipino for “Smash” _ was expected to blast in from the Pacific Ocean into central Philippines late Saturday, lashing parts of a region that was devastated by last year’s Typhoon Haiyan and left more than 7,300 people dead and missing. Still, the good news was that the typhoon was weakening as it blew closer to the coast.
“I’m scared,” said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. “I’m praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven’t recovered from the first.”
The 42-year-old businessman who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in central Tacloban city, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
At least 47 of the country’s 81 provinces are considered potentially at high risk from Hagupit, officials said. The first one in its path is the Eastern Samar province where it will make landfall. It is then expected to cut across central islands along a route north. But its path thereafter is debatable.
The computer models of the two agencies tracking the typhoon closely _ the U.S. military’s Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency _ showed different tracks for the typhoon.
The U.S. agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) may veer north after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of the capital Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern track. But both tracks appeared to be coming closer together as the landfall time approaches.
Also, both agencies said the typhoon is slowly losing strength. PAGASA said it is now packing winds of 195 kilometers (121 miles) per hour and gusts of 230 kph (143 mph). The U.S. center in Hawaii downgraded the typhoon’s status from a super typhoon and said it was expected to continue losing strength with winds dropping to 175 kph (108 mph) by Sunday morning.
“Although it’s been reported that the typhoon has lost strength, it doesn’t mean that our readiness will also weaken,” said Alexander Pama, who heads the country’s disaster-response agency.
Haunted by the country’s ordeal with Haiyan, which caught people unprepared to deal with its ferocity, authorities and villagers seemed readier this time to respond to the impending crisis.

PBoC steps in to calm China bank runCentral bank steps in to calm China bank run
By Simon Rabinovitch in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa9f01a0-b48e-11e3-a09a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex snaps 3-day fall  up 120 pts led by ITC financialsDec 04, 2014, 04.36 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex snaps 3-day fall, up 120 pts led by ITC & financials
China’s Shanghai was the top gainer, up 4.3 percent followed by Hang Seng with 1.7 percent upside on the back of strong US data. In Europe, France’s CAC and Germany’s DAX gained 0.5 percent ahead ahead of the European Cental Bank meet later today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex snaps 3-day fall, up 120 pts led by ITC & financials
China’s Shanghai was the top gainer, up 4.3 percent followed by Hang Seng with 1.7 percent upside on the back of strong US data. In Europe, France’s CAC and Germany’s DAX gained 0.5 percent ahead ahead of the European Cental Bank meet later today.
Post your opinion here
16:35
Moneycontrol Bureau
The 30-share BSE Sensex snapped three-day losing streak on Thursday, largely led by banking & financials stocks and index heavyweight ITC. The index gained more than 350 points in early trade to touch a life high of 28808.78 (8,626.95 on the Nifty) but gradually in next half an hour wiped out almost all gains. In last hour of trade, again the index gained strength following upside in global markets on hopes of fiscal stimulus from the European Central Bank.
The Sensex rose 120.11 points to close at 28562.82 and the Nifty climbed 26.75 points to 8564.40 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.3 percent each.
Experts feel the market may continue to hit new record high (at least till the second Union Budget of Narendra Modi-led government) but if the correction happens, then that may be maximum 4-5 percent.
Bullish Rakesh Arora, Head of Research - India at Macquarie Capital Securities has a new Nifty target of 9,960 for the next 12 months. He expects earnings to grow 19-20 percent and adds that this fresh Nifty target is driven by 15 times earnings estimate for FY17.
Given the ongoing slide in global oil prices, he foresees more upside to the market if this fall continues further.
On the global front, China’s Shanghai was the top gainer, up 4.3 percent followed by Hang Seng with 1.7 percent upside on the back of strong US data. In Europe, France’s CAC and Germany’s DAX gained 0.5 percent ahead ahead of the European Cental Bank meet later today.
Back home, cigarette major ITC was stock of the day today, up 5.44 percent after sources told CNBC-TV18 that the government is unlikely to ban sale of loose cigarettes in near term as the proposal will hurt tobacco farmers. The health and agriculture ministries will now conduct a study on the same, say sources. Godfrey Phillips and VST Industries gained of 5 percent and 2.56 percent, respectively.
Private sector lender ICICI Bank gained 0.9 percent after  sub division of shares from face value of Rs 10 to Rs 2. Rivals HDFC Bank and State Bank of India too rose 0.9 percent each while housing finance company HDFC was up 0.66 percent.
Among others, Cipla and Sesa Sterlite climbed more than 2.5 percent whereas BHEL, Hindalco Industries, Reliance Industries, Larsen & Toubro, Bharti Airtel and Tata Power were down 0.7-2 percent.
Infosys fell nearly 1 percent. CEO, Vishal Sikka outlined strategy for the first time after joining the company, saying 'renew' and 'new' will be the strategic focus for the IT major. He is also looking at acquisitions in under-penetrated geographies and verticals.
Utility vehicle maker Mahindra and Mahindra was down 1.5 percent as reports indicated that the company is close to another global acquisition. Company among two Asian carmakers is in talks to acquire a majority stake in National Electric Vehicle Sweden (NEVS), say reports.
In the broader space, ABB climbed 13 percent as ABB Global CEO told CNBC-TV18 that they have no plans to delist subsidiary ABB India. He says that they have plan to double exports from India in next 3-5 years.
Sadbhav Engineering gained nearly 1 percent after the company's subsidiary Sadbhav Infra filed a DRHP with Sebi to undertake IPO. Sadbhav Infra will issue 1.62 crore shares worth Rs 600 crore in an IPO.
Page Industries was up 2 percent after brokerage Barclays initiated coverage of the stock with an overweight rating. The brokerage has 12-month P/E-based price target of Rs 10,954 (13 percent potential upside) on the stock as it expects Page’s robust earnings trajectory to be sustained.
National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) surged 5.5 percent as it signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Air India for development of land parcels of Air India at various locations on joint venture basis.
Shipping stocks like Bharati Shipyard, ABG Shipyard, Varun Shipping, SCI, Shreyas Shipping and Pipavav Defence rallied 3-12 percent after the government today asked Reserve Bank of India to relax rules to revive the shipbuilding industry. The government also asked RBI and finance ministry to sanction special dispensation for 5 years.
However, shares of Jubilant Foodworks fell nearly 3 percent as Barclays initiated coverage on the stock with an underweight rating, citing risk reward mismatch. The brokerage has a target price of Rs 1,250 on the stock, implying potential downside of 15 percent as it believes the same-store-sales growth recovery of the company will be 8-10 quarters away.
Archies fell 9 percent after promoter Varun Moolchandani offloaded 0.8 percent stake in the company through a block deal on the National Stock Exchange in previous session.
About 1502 shares advanced while 1450 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

Truecaller  the phone directory app now has over 100 million usersDec 04, 2014 at 04:14pm IST
Truecaller, the phone directory app now has over 100 million users
10
4
New York: Helped by strong growth in number of users in India, phone directory app Truecaller said it has crossed the 100 million userbase milestone.
Truecaller allows users to identify unknown numbers, block unwanted calls, and search contact information among people and businesses.
The app has also doubled its daily new users in less than three months, Truecaller said in a statement.
Truecaller allows users to identify unknown numbers, block unwanted calls, and search contact information among people and businesses.
#truecaller #phone directory app
As of November, India accounted for over 45 million users and 600,000 new users are being added every week from the country.
The Stockholm-based firm said it has also updated the app to focus on predictive style features, suggesting who to contact based on call history, time of day, and place.
The app has been fully redesigned to provide easier discovery and simpler navigation, and rebuilt to make it much lighter in terms memory consumption, it said.
"This is the first step we are taking to make Truecaller more intelligent and personal. We've made these advancement to save time for our users and make their lives less complicated when they want to get in touch with someone," Truecaller co-founder and CEO Alan Mamedi said.
In October of this year, the company received USD 60 million in funding from VC firms Sequoia Capital, Atomico, and Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers.
In February, it had received USD 18.8 million in funding, led by Sequoia Capital, bringing the total investment in the company to more than USD 80 million.
Truecaller also runs another app, Truedialer, to offer users details of a person before the outgoing call is connected. Launched in October, Truedialer already has more than two million users.
3

Narendra Modi wants to give coal sector in corporate hands: Digvijay SinghBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh said the Centre’s move to privatise the coal sector would bring back the “bitter memories” of “exploitation” of labour force before it was nationalised by former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
“Modi says ‘Make in India’, but wants to hand over the coal sector in the hands of the corporate,” the former Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister said.
“To stop exploitation of lakhs of labourers by the private sector, Indiraji nationalised the coal industry, benefiting the poor and the tribals. Now the Centre’s effort to privatise it would again lead to the same exploitation,” Singh said.
Stating that the previous Manmohan Singh regime’s coal policy had been to benefit the end users, Singh claimed that handing over the sector to corporates would be burdensome to consumers as well.
“Jharkhand is a coal-rich state and Congress wants the people of the state to use it for their development,” the Congress leader said.
Singh said the Modi government was out to “change” and amend a series of Acts that the previous government enacted.
“In its 10 years of rule, the UPA government had given the people RTI, Food Security Act, Right to Education, land Act and MGNREGA, which the Modi government wants to change,” he said.
TAGS: Digvijay Singh Narendra Modi
More from economy

Bigg Boss 8: Pritam s captaincy comes to an end  Ali Quli is the new captainBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:33 pm
Captain Pritam gets ready for his Judgment Day, while the other housemates are nervous as to what the new day will bring. Puneet and Dimpy are still thrown off balance from the Museum task fight and can’t help but discuss how Pritam is behaving as a captain. Gautam and Diandra continue their romance, while the other housemates take up the household chores
Bigg Boss launches the judgment day task in the afternoon where captain Pritam is asked to give out three names who he thinks should be immune from next week’s evictions. Other housemates are supposed to convince him as to why he should choose them for immunity. Upen, Karishma, Praneet and Ali talk to Pritam about why they should get immunity, while Puneet, Dimpy and Gautam avoid convincing him. Diandra on the other hand seems unfazed by the happenings.
During the day, Bigg Boss asks Pritam to punish two housemates who he feels did not perform well during his captaincy. Pritam punishes Puneet and Gautam stating that the two have behaved very negatively during the Museum task and were very impulsive in their reactions without full knowledge of the situation.
By evening, Bigg Boss launches a popularity task where all the housemates are required to rank each other on the basis of their popularity in the show through a consensus. Housemates rank Ali as number 1. They feel he is the most entertaining contestant of the house and therefore audiences love to watch him. Bigg Boss rewards Ali by lifting the ‘No Captaincy’ ban put upon him.
As the night prevails, Pritam’s captaincy comes to an end. Day 75 of the Bigg Boss house brings with it new friendships, while others drift apart.

India to grow @ 6.3% in CY15  will overtake China by 2016Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'India to grow @ 6.3% in CY15, will overtake China by 2016'
Goldman Sachs sees the first interest rate cut of 25 bps by RBI in February followed by another 25 bps cut in April.
Post your opinion here
04:00 pm
Tushar Poddar, India economist, Goldman Sachs, said the economy will grow at 6.3 percent in CY15. He sees the inflection point for growth in the second quarter of the calendar year and expects investments to pick up to 4-5 percent in H2CY15.
The brokerage firm sees India overtaking China as the fastest-growing large economy in the world by 2016, “a forecast underpinned by potential growth improvement argument”, said Poddar.
Though it believes that RBI does not have much room for aggressive rate cuts, Goldman Sachs sees the first such cut, of 25 bps, in February followed by another 25 bps cut in April. It sees inflation to be fairly close to 6 percent in January 2016. Goldman expects crude oil to climb up to USD 85/bbl in 2015.
Below is the transcript of Tushar Poddar's interview with Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Q: Your forecast I see is 6.3 percent for calendar 2015 if I am not mistaken. The average for calendar 2014 as of now is just 5.2. So, when is the inflection point, when do you get that big growth? Are you going to see in the fourth quarter, the current one underway or do you see it in the next first of calendar quarter of 2015 and what is the breakup of the four quarters of 2015?
A: I don’t think that this quarter you are going to see a significant pickup in growth. What we are seeing in terms of growth is more gradual improvement and we are seeing, first the signs of improvement are in sentiment and in terms of financial conditions. So, it is getting easier to borrow, it is getting easier, the spreads are coming down across the space and that is a leading indicator of a pickup in growth.
Finally we are seeing the de-bottlenecking of projects. We are seeing coal supply increase 16 percent in October. We are seeing the cost of imported inputs come down both in terms of oil as well as thermal coal. All of these are suggesting that a gradual investment cycle is underway. In terms of the distribution of growth this quarter is still going to be weak. We are expecting a little bit of pick up in Q1 of 2015 but it is really in the second half of 2015 that we are expecting a significant pickup in growth largely coming from the infrastructure sectors.
Power demand will probably grow in double digits, coal clearly we are seeing some de-bottlenecking which is helping the power sector. We are seeing the bidding out of road projects going on.
So it is going to be more public sector led growth rather than private sector led growth and the composition is going to be geared towards any improvement in investment demand rather than consumption demand at this stage.
Q: In which quarter do you see that investment demand perk up, because the last number we have i.e. third quarter calendar 2014 or second quarter of fiscal 2015 is unchanged. It is a zero percent gross fixed capital formation growth. When in the inflection point?
A: I would sort of de-emphasise the quarterly data from the expenditure side. That is notoriously difficult to read and in many cases it is outright wrong. You are not going to see a sharp break or a V shaped recovery. What you are seeing is a gradual sort of pick up which is lead initially by sentiment and by the public sector and you will see on the industry side growth rates of about 2-2.5 percent which you have seen already if you average across the last five-six months. That pick up to bore in the three to four percent range towards March and then towards the second quarter of 2015 and then picking up to the four to five percent range as you go on to the second half of 2015.
So you are not going to have a eureka movement when you feel that it is a sharp pick up simply because it is a gradual pick up and these sorts of pickups are more sustainable rather than a policy induced V-shaped recoveries.
Q: The more eagerly sought answer is to the question how will inflation trend and when are you expecting the first rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)?
A: We have had the view that first rate cut is going to be in February before the policy meeting. The governor’s statement on December 2nd is, to us it seems like we are on course for a February rate cut. The inflation numbers in November and December are still going to be on the softer side largely because of the commodity shock. Unless we get a negative food shock in the next few weeks I can’t see the data for that comes out for November and December being anything but soft on inflation and therefore the RBI will have the room to cut as it meets on February 3rd for its policy meeting.
Beyond that there is a gradual pick up in inflation because some of this is due to base effects. However we are looking at inflation reaching more the 5.5 percent range rather than the 7 percent range that was there before this massive positive commodity shock that India has witnessed.
Q: When is that 5.5 percent number, is that the March 2015 number and what is the expectation by January 2016?
A: Let me answer your second question first. On January 2016 the expectation is that it is going to be fairly close to 6 percent in our forecasts. The uncertainties around that are large given that we are 12 months out and there are such large shocks affecting the Indian economy along with base effects.
As we sort of go through the year, there are two trends visible. One is that the second round effects of the positive commodity shock will be witnessed in the first half of 2015. So, that is going to act as a dampener to inflation. However, on the second half of 2015 we are expecting a slight pick up partly because the output gap which is difference between potential output and real activity closes as real activity starts picking up. So, that can impart a little bit of inflationary pressures on core.
Second, we don’t expect the kind of commodity price decline that we have seen in the last three months going forward. So, oil at USD 70 a barrel, we are not seeing it going down to USD 50 for instance. Our forecast for 2015 is at USD 84 a barrel on average. That is still going to be significantly lower than the 2014 number but incrementally you may not see a sustained fall in commodity prices which can pull inflation down.
So, the trajectory of inflation as you go into 2015 is much softer initially and through the first two quarters and then a gradual pick up in the second two quarters of 2015.
Q: How many rate cuts, if your January 2016 number itself is 6 percent and the governor has spoken of at least 1.5 percent positive rate of return not too many rate cuts in 2015?
A: We have about 50 basis points priced in so 25 basis points in February and 25 basis points in April is what our view is. As I said, as you go into the second half not only is the inflationary pressures picking up but the fact that the yield differentials between India and the US starts shrinking as the Fed starts hiking rate, starts becoming an issue.
So, I don’t think that there is a lot of room for very aggressive rate cuts by the RBI. The only way that this situation can change is if the inflation numbers surprise meaningfully to the downside. This means we get inflation prints of 4 percent or sustained over a period of time. That can give some room for the RBI but if you believe that inflation is going to be in the 6 percent range than you are not going to se very aggressive rate cuts by the RBI.
Q: You have an interesting thesis about India’s potential growth getting to only 7 percent and even that in FY19; not a very optimistic outlook but still much better than the 5 percent we are lingering now.
A: It is quite optimistic because potential growth takes time to pick up. I am talking about potential growth that is durable. You can see ups and downs in actual growth but for potential growth to pick up you need supply side factors to come together. 
The number of supply side factors that are coming together for India at this stage is pretty impressive. On one hand you have got technology and the whole internet revolution that is happening. We are projecting that the number of internet users goes from about 200 million currently to more than 400 million in four years time and then to 600 million in eight years time, that itself adds about 30 basis points to potential growth; just the technology change. 
Then improvements in structural reforms which helped the micro environment, the cost of doing business being reduced, the atmosphere becoming much more conducive to investments, that itself also adds to potential growth and on top of that capital accumulation. So, 6-7 percent in the context of a global economy which is still not sort of firing on all cylinders is not a small achievement. If we do get to 7 percent India’s potential growth is going to be higher than China’s. In fact our view is for the first time in 2016 India will probably overtake China as the fastest growing large economy in the world. So, that is the forecast which is sort of underpinned by the potential growth improvement argument.
RELATED NEWS

The 5.1mm thin Gionee Elife S5.1 now available in India at Rs 18 999Dec 04, 2014 at 05:23pm IST
The 5.1mm thin Gionee Elife S5.1 now available in India at Rs 18,999
22
4
New Delhi: Gionee's slimmest smartphone - ElIfe S5.1 - is now available in India at a price of Rs 18,999. Available in White, Black, Blue and Pink colours, the phone comes in a thin 5.1 mm shell comprising both glass and metal.
The handset has a 4.8-inch screen and runs on 1.2 GHz quad core Qualcomm snapdragon processor supported by 1 GB of RAM and 16 GB of built-in storage. The smartphone has an 8-megapixel rear camera and LTE connectivity.
At 5.1mm, the Elife S5.1 was the world's thinnest smartphone until Oppo launched its 4.85 thin R5 smartphone in October - taking away the crown of the slimmest phone in the world.
At 5.1mm, the Elife S5.1 was the world's thinnest smartphone until Oppo launched its 4.85 thin R5 smartphone in October.
Gionee decided to launch its brand in India in the first quarter of 2013. It used to be an original device manufacturer (ODM) for many Indian brands earlier.
Gionee Elife S5.1: Tech specs
- 4.8-inch AMOLED display
- Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat) Amigo 2.0
- Single SIM
- 8.0MP AF +5.0MP AF Camera 88 Degree Wide Angle
- Memory: 16GB+1GB

Yes  the character is gay: Manoj BajpayeeBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:04 pm
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has confirmed that he will be seen playing a gay professor in Hansal Mehta’s next, putting to rest all speculations.
“Yes, the character is that of a 60-year-old professor who is gay. We are going to start shooting in January and the preparations have already started,” said Manoj.
Mehta, who found prominence since he directed critically acclaimed ‘Shahid’, based the film on the life of slain lawyer and human rights activist Shahid Azmi.
Now his film with Manoj is inspired by a suspended professor at Aligarh University who was filmed on spy-cam having consensual sex with a rickshaw-puller just days before he was going to retire.

Sebi mulls permitting corporate bond re-issuancesSebi mulls re-issuance of corporate bonds to avoid market fragmentation
Himank Sharma     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 19:08 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is considering allowing companies to re-issue corporate bonds in a bid to avoid fragmentation of debt markets with multiple issuances and has asked market participants for their feedback.
In its proposal on Thursday, capital market regulator Sebi said it was following a recommendation by a finance ministry committee from 2005.
The committee "had recommended for consolidation of privately placed bonds so as to avoid fragmentation of debt market with multiple issues and for re-issuances which help in creation of large floating stocks which is needed to enhance market liquidity", Sebi said in the statement.
" Sebi is proposing to put in place, an enabling framework for the same," the capital market watchdog added.
Corporate issuers are not currently allowed to re-issue existing tenors. Market regulator Sebi has asked for public comments to be submitted by December 25.
(Reuters)

Monte Carlo IPO over-subscribed on 2nd day of issueMonte Carlo IPO over-subscribed on second day of issue
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 19:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
The initial public offer of Monte Carlo Fashions was over-subscribed 1.71 times on the second day of offer on Thursday.
The public offer received bids for over 65 lakh shares as against more than 38 lakh shares on offer, stock exchanges' data showed.
The portion reserved for qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) was subscribed 1.77 times, while non-institutional investors portion got subscribed 0.07 times.
Retail individual investors category was subscribed 2.38 times.
Monte Carlo plans to raise about Rs 350 crore through IPO which closes on December 5.
The price band of the issue has been fixed at Rs 630-645.
The company has mopped up Rs 105 crore from anchor investors.
Monte Carlo allotted more than 16.29 lakh shares to anchor investors at the price of Rs 645 a piece.
The offer constitutes 25 per cent of the post offer paid-up equity share capital of the company.
The company was launched in 1984 as an exclusive woollen brand by Oswal Woollen Mills. 

UAE police make arrest in American school teacher stabbingBy: Associated Press | Dubai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 7:18 pm
The United Arab Emirates’ interior minister says police have arrested a suspect in the killing of an American school teacher in the capital, Abu Dhabi.
State news agency WAM says Interior Minister Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan said on Thursday that the suspect also planted a makeshift bomb outside the house of an American doctor. He says the device was successfully dismantled.
Police say the teacher was stabbed to death by an attacker wearing the full black veil commonly worn by women throughout the Gulf Arab region.

`New` & `Renew` Sikka`s revival mantra. Is Infosys en route to recover its glory daysNew Member
0 Follower
I feel Vishal`s message sounds just right. Question is what does Infy need to Renew?  In my view Infy needs to start looking at Customer`s Operational Model and tailor its Account Management and Policy to suit the Customer.  ONE size fits all PROCESSES for Delivery dictated by Corporate Finance  do not allow  Account Teams to outperform Competition.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
4.11 AM Dec 5th

CRPF martyrs  uniform found dumped in garbage binEYE BROWSE
Sukma martyrs' uniform found dumped in garbage bin
The dresses and the shoes of the 14 CRPF troopers killed in Maoist attack in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district were found scattered among the garbage behind the state’s largest government hospital - Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar Memorial Hospital in Raipur.
Mail Today –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The 14 CRPF troopers killed in Monday’s Maoist attack in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district, faced an insult even after death when their uniforms and shoes were found dumped with hospital waste on Wednesday.
This happened a day after Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh paid homage to the paramilitary jawans.
The dresses and the shoes of these personnel were scattered among the garbage behind the state’s largest government hospital - Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar Memorial Hospital in Raipur.
State Congress president Bhupesh Baghel said: “This is unbelievable! How could the state machinery turn so indifferent and show disrespect to our jawans who laid their lives for the nation and for our security. It clearly shows how insensitive the state administration could become barely a day after tributes were offered to the departed soldiers.”
The opposition Congress leaders picked up four uniforms and 10 pairs of shoes from the garbage and brought them to the Congress Bhawan, where floral tributes were laid as a mark of respect.
Vikas Upadhyay, a Congress leader, said: “The uniforms of the security personnel, who were airlifted to Raipur for post-mortem examination, also carry a symbolic Tricolour. The nation’s sentiments are attached with it. Such insult and humiliating act should be seen as anti-national and those involved be taken to task.”
Despite repeated attempts, state BJP spokesperson Shivratan Sharma could not be reached for comments. However, state BJP media incharge Rasik Parmar said: “We have no idea about it.”
Earlier in June 2011, the state’s Dantewada administration could only find a municipal garbage truck to ferry the bodies of three policemen killed in a landmine blast triggered by Maoists near Kirandul.
Though the treatment shocked many, the government put forth weak excuses by saying the vehicle was clean and was the best they could do to reach the far-flung place.
According to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) the uniforms have to be handed back to the force, but in case of slain officers the uniforms have to be given back to the families.
The incident happened in Sukma district, 450km from state capital Raipur on Monday. This was the biggest attack on the CRPF this year. The Naxals had used locals as a human shield, ambushing the CRPF team near a village, said official sources.
In Raipur on Tuesday, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh called the Maoists a "national challenge" and vowed to fight them.
Rajnath Singh announced compensation of Rs 38 lakh each to the family of the deceased and Rs 65,000 each to the injured. Singh also reviewed the existing security arrangements and promised that strategic steps would be taken to counter the Maoist problem.
“It’s a national challenge. There is a need to remain united against it. We are committed to take all steps to counter the Maoist problem,” Singh said.
Meanwhile, Singh also chaired a high-level meeting at Raj Bhavan which was attended by Chief Minister Raman Singh, the state home minister Ram Sewak Paikra, and top officials of the state police and the CRPF.
“I salute the bravery of the soldiers. Our victory against the Maoist is for sure and our operations against the rebels will continue,” Singh affirmed while talking to mediapersons.
Recommend

Infy trainees are now design thinking  Sikka...Infosys Mysuru campus’ trainees are now design thinking, Vishal Sikka’s style
By Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.02AM IST
The new module, which was introduced for several new batches in the past month, has struck the right chord with the trainee engineers. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Newly hired trainees at Infosys' Mysuru campus are "design thinking", in line with chief executive Vishal Sikka's vision for a more focused and competitive organisation.
The new module, which was introduced for several new batches in the past month, has struck the right chord with the trainee engineers, who are excited about the possibilities this approach presents for them. "It was great fun doing the module. What really got me interested was that the focus was not just creating a solution within boundaries of a programming language, but also visualising the utility of the finished product for a customer," said an employee currently at the Mysuru campus.
He refused to be named, because the trainees aren't allowed to speak to the media. Design thinking is generally understood to involve a creative and systematic approach to problem-solving by placing the user at the centre of the experience.
Many see the influence of Hasso Plattner , co-founder of Sikka's previous employer SAP and his mentor there, in the new CEO's emphasis on this exercise at Infosys. At the company's quarterly conference call on October 10, Vishal Sikka had said design thinking would be taken to all Infosys employees at the Mysuru and other development centres.
In the new modules, Infosys employees are shown a video detailing how design thinking has helped big corporations in the real world solve customer problems. This is followed by sessions on understanding and empathising with fellow employees, identifying their problem, defining the problem statement, ideating, defining a solution, getting feedback and redesigning, and finally building a prototype.
Design thinking has been adopted by large companies such as Google and Apple , and is increasingly being embraced by startups and other new enterprises, because it focuses on people as opposed to processes when dealing with customers, and is not limited by conventional industry boundaries. However, not everyone at Infosys is as excited.
"We were only given a session on design thinking for about twothree hours, and it all happened in a rush, leaving us no time to absorb things. The later batches had a full day for this," said another employee at Mysuru. "I am not sure if such a short session would provide any real value add to our work."

Pentagon confirms failed effort to rescue U.S. hostage in YemenUpdated: December 5, 2014 12:04 IST
Pentagon confirms failed effort to rescue U.S. hostage in Yemen
AP
Tweet
Reuters
A man, who identified himself as Luke Somers, speaks in this still image taken from video purportedly published by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
The Pentagon says a hostage rescue mission last month in Yemen failed to liberate American Luke Somers because he was not present at the targeted location.
The Pentagon press secretary, Rear Adm. John Kirby, said in a brief written statement on Thursday that the U.S. government was acknowledging the attempted rescue of the 33-year-old Somers, the only American among the roughly dozen hostages held by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, a Yemen-based al-Qaeda offshoot.
Mr. Kirby said the Pentagon wanted to “provide accurate information” in light of the fact that the rescue attempt has been widely reported. Eight hostages were rescued, as has been reported previously.
A Yemeni official said an American journalist and a Briton were moved before the raid.
Mr. Kirby said details about the mission remain classified.
White House spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said the U.S. is aware of a video showing Mr. Somers. She said President Barack Obama authorized a rescue operation last month to free Mr. Somers and other hostages but “regrettably, Luke was not present”.
Ms. Meehan said the mission was coordinated with the Yemeni government and undertaken by U.S. and Yemeni forces.
“The overriding concern for Mr. Somers’ safety and the safety of the U.S. forces who undertake these missions made it imperative that we not disclose information related to Mr. Somers’ captivity and the attempted rescue,” Ms. Meehan said, adding that the mission was being disclosed now because of the video released on Thursday.
Ms. Meehan said the White House’s “thoughts remain with the Somers family, and with the families and loved ones of every other U.S. citizen being held hostage overseas”.

BJP claims Muslim membership up in Bengal  Trinamool says no wayBengal BJP claims Muslim support, TMC denies
Ravik Bhattacharya , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, December 05, 2014
First Published: 01:25 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:29 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has seen a rise in the number of Muslim members in West Bengal since the general election with the total number crossing 2.5 lakh as it seeks to make an inroad in the Trinamool Congress-ruled state, party leaders told HT on Thursday.
Senior party members attributed the rise in the membership to their aggressive push for development and intensive membership drive after the party grew into the main opposition with many Muslim supporters of the CPI(M) and the Trinamool turning to the party after the general election.
"Our membership drive was rolled out on November 5 and Muslims joined our party in a major way after the Lok Sabha polls," said state BJP president Rahul Sinha on Thursday.
"By rough estimates we have over 2.5 lakh members from the Muslim community now. It may work out to over 12 lakh supporters. The number is growing by the day," Sinha added.
Muslims constitute 27% of the state's population, according to the 2001 census, and played a key role in the Trinamool Congress' good performances in the 2011 assembly and 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The BJP says that number has risen to more than 30% now.
The community is supposed to hold the key to about 60 assembly constituencies, mostly in the districts of Malda, Murshidabad, North 24 Parganas and south 24 Parganas.
BJP sources said unlike in the rest of the country where it is considered a Hindu party, the party presented a neutral face in Bengal. Even while raising the illegal migration issue, party leaders took care not to offend Indian Muslims.
The party also took care not to lash out at madrasas after the Burdwan incident but only pointed out that it was a small section of the community which was involved in such activities, they added.
"In Birbhum, Panrui and Ilambazar areas our supporters were killed by the ruling party supporters who unleashed mayhem. The victims are all Muslims. This is proof enough that now Bengal's Muslims are reposing their faith on Narendra Modi's development agenda and joining us. It also exposes the real face of Trinamool Congress," said BJP national secretary Sidharth Nath Singh.
"On the one hand they are putting up posters of the chief minister with her head covered and offering namaz. On the other, her workers are killing Muslims," added Singh.
The party's membership drive that was rolled out through SMS and phone calls seem to have triggered considerable response. BJP leaders also claim about 2 lakh new members enrolled from Kolkata alone within days after Amit Shah's rally in the state capital on November 30.
"After the Lok sabha polls we conducted small group meetings in districts. We made them understand that development is our only agenda, and we can provide them security from the ruling party," said Shakil Ansari, state president of party's minority wing.
Apart from Urdu speaking Muslims in Kolkata, Bengali speaking Muslims too are slowly making their way towards BJP. The trend is evident in border districts like Malda Murshidabad, North and South 24 Parganas, North and South Dinajpur as well as districts like Birbhum, Nadia and Burdwan.
"As many as 20,000 Muslims have joined us after the Lok Sabha polls. Ordinary poor Muslims have not benefited in the Mamata Banerjee regime," Ashraful Bulbul, a BJP leader from North Dinajpur told HT.
Trinamool leaders, however, scoffed at the suggestion that Muslims were turning to the BJP.
"They are living in a fool's paradise. Muslim sentiments are being hurt by the statements of BJP leaders such as the recent one by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. Churches are also being attacked in Delhi," Trinamool MP Sultan Ahmed said.

Buy Sesa Sterlite  Sell Hindalco Today: Sanjeev BhasinOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Indian stock markets are likely to open flat on Friday as global cues seem benign. European stocks ended in the red after the region's central bank left its monetary policy unchanged. Nifty futures on the Singapore Exchange traded slightly positive as oil prices dipped again.
The Nifty is likely to trade between 8,550 and 8,600 today with higher intraday volatility. Bond yields continue to be below 8 per cent leading to renewed strength into financials and rate sensitive stocks.
Trading calls for next 4 days as under,
1) Buy Sesa Sterlite: 236-239, stop loss 230, target 255
2) Buy Canara Bank: 418-422, stop loss 410, target 436
3) Sell Hindalco: 166-169, stop loss 175, target 153
4) Sell IDBI: 73-73.75, stop loss 75.5, target 69
Previous trades: Buy Maruti Suzuki, Buy Tata Motors, Sell Sun Pharma, Sell Ranbaxy. ( Read the full list here )
Book profits in the short strangle in Bank Nifty, total premium earned is 400.
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 08:36 (IST)

Reliance Industries  SAIL  Axis Bank in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Reliance Industries, SAIL, Axis Bank in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 09:22 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened higher on Friday tracking futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors remained net buyers of Indian equities on Thursday as they have bought shares worth Rs 474 crore in cash market. However domestic investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 586 crore.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today::
SAIL: The government will divest 5 per cent stake in SAIL today. Floor price for the offer for sale (OFS) has been set at Rs 83 against Thursday's closing price of Rs85.65 on NSE. Retail investors will be given 5 per cent discount.
Reliance Industries has signed a memorandum of understanding with Mexican state-owned company, Petroleos Mexicanos for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in International markets.
Axis Bank has raised Rs 5,705 crore through issue of infrastructure bonds. These bonds have a maturity of 20 years and a coupon of 8.85 per cent payable annually.
NMDC: The company has cut iron ore lumps price by 4.5 per cent and Iron ore fines price by 3.2 per cent on account of falling global iron ore prices and lower demand. NMDC's prices are at a 11 to 14 per cent premium to global iron ore prices. JSW Steel, Tata Steel and SAIL will benefit from this.
Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers(MCFL): Zuari group has announced an open offer for 25.90 per cent stake in MCFL at Rs 91.92 per share. Zuari group and Vijay Mallya together own 38 per cent stake in MCFL.
Ashiana Housing has signed a development agreement with Chennai based real estate company Escapade Real Estate for development of housing project on 20 acres of land with saleable area of 9.70 lakh sq. ft.
 

Samsung asks court to toss out Apple s $930m damages orderDec 05, 2014, 08.41 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Samsung asks court to toss out Apple's $930m damages order
"Apple was awarded Samsung's total profits on those (Samsung) phones, which was absurd," she said, arguing that it was akin to awarding entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup holder.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Samsung asks court to toss out Apple's $930m damages order
"Apple was awarded Samsung's total profits on those (Samsung) phones, which was absurd," she said, arguing that it was akin to awarding entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup holder.
Post your opinion here
 
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd asked a US appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc USD 930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets.
The hearing at the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was the latest fight between the two smartphone makers, which have been litigating around the world for three years, each accusing the other of infringing patents in making smartphones and other mobile devices.
They have essentially fought to a draw in about a dozen countries, but in August announced that they had agreed to withdraw all patent lawsuits against each other except in the United States.
In this case, Samsung asked the court to throw out a decision from the US District Court for the Northern District of California which had found that Samsung infringed Apple patents and ordered it to pay the iPhone and iPad maker USD 930 million, a reduction from an earlier award of USD 1 billion.
Kathleen Sullivan, a lawyer with Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP who represents Samsung, argued that the lower court erred in deciding that the design and trade dress patents were infringed because the Samsung phones did not carry an Apple logo, did not have a "home" button like an iPhone and had speaker slots in different places than the Apple phones.
"Apple was awarded Samsung's total profits on those (Samsung) phones, which was absurd," she said, arguing that it was akin to awarding entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup holder.
Arguing for Apple, William Lee of the law firm Wilmer Hale disagreed. "This is not the cup holder," he said.
He argued that the USD 930 million verdict was the right decision.
"What Samsung is actually asking you to do ... is to substitute yourself for Judge Koh and the jury," he said.
The three judges on the panel did not indicate which side they supported, and did not indicate when they would rule.
Apple and companies that make phones using Google's Android software, such as Samsung's top-selling Galaxy, have filed dozens of infringement lawsuits against one another around the world to protect their technology. Apple and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit, which has since been purchased by Lenovo , agreed in May to settle all smartphone patent litigation between them.
RELATED NEWS

To get Subrata out of Tihar  Sahara sells off Gurgaon land to M3M India for over Rs 1 200 croreSensex falls 104.72 points to end at 28,458.10; Nifty closes at 8,538.30
Dec 04, 2014 at 08:26pm IST
To get Subrata out of Tihar, Sahara sells off Gurgaon land to M3M India for over Rs 1,200 crore
34
0
New Delhi: As it tries to raise funds for securing release of chief Subrata Roy from Tihar jail, Sahara group on Thursday sold a big land parcel in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore to realty firm M3M India Ltd.
The group is also believed to have clinched deals for sale of two more land parcels (one in Vasai, Mumbai and another in Jodhpur, Rajasthan) for over Rs 1,250 crore, while talks are in the final stages for sale of a Pune land tract. An official announcement is yet to be made for these two deals.
Announcing the Gurgaon deal, probably the biggest land transaction so far in 2014, M3M India said the 185 acres of land it bought would be used for 'mixed-use development' and has sales revenue potential of Rs 12,000 crore over the next 6-8 years. M3M India Director Pankaj Bansal said it is not a "distress sale" by Sahara.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has allowed Sahara to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai. Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
#sahara #subrata roy #deal #m3m
He further said that the deal, subject to the Supreme Court's approval, was clinched two months ago as per the prevailing market price after M3M India was approached by Sahara group. The entire amount of Rs 1,211 crore will be paid in installments over a period of six months, while post-dated cheques have been given to Sahara group for purchase of this land, situated at Chauma village in Gurgaon. The deal announcement comes within days of Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Roy's release.
Besides this Chauma land, the court has allowed Sahara to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai. Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
4

Maharashtra government expansion today  Sena gets 12 ministers but denied Deputy CM postDec 05, 2014 at 07:50am IST
Maharashtra government expansion today, Sena gets 12 ministers but denied Deputy CM post
23
0
Mumbai: Ending its acrimonious split with Bharatiya Janata Party, Shiv Sena will join the Maharashtra government on Friday with 12 of its nominees, including five of cabinet rank, set to be inducted into the ministry. But there will be no Deputy Chief Minister from the party.
According to the sources, Sena is likely to get ministries for forest, industries, environment and energy.
The names of senior Sena leaders doing the rounds for a seat in the council of ministers are Diwakar Raote, Subhash Desai, Eknath Shinde, Ramdas Kadam, Deepak Sawant, Vijay Shivtare, Sanjay Rathod, Ravindra Waikar, Rajesh shirsagar and Deepak Kesarkar.
According to the sources, Sena is likely to get ministries for forest, industries, environment and energy.
#shiv sena #bjp #maharashtra cabinet #maharashtra
The new cabinet will have 32 ministers in all, the Shiv Sena will get five Cabinet and seven Minister of State berths.
The induction of BJP's oldest saffron ally will give the government a clear majority of 184 in a House of 288. The BJP has 121 MLAs while the Shiv Sena 63. The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, had announced outside support to the state government, which was sworn in on October 31.
With Sena now set to join the government, Fadnavis can breathe easy during the winter session of legislature, beginning in Nagpur on December 8.
At present the Fadnavis Ministry's strength is 10, including the Chief Minister. Eight of them are of Cabinet rank.
"People voted against Congress and NCP. People wanted BJP and Sena to form government in Maharashtra," Fadnavis  said.
The announcement came after days of parleys between the two parties which saw hard-bargaining for portfolios. The swearing in will take place at 4 PM at the Vidhan Bhawan premises.
(With inputs from PTI)

Ravens Deny Telling Janay Rice To ApologizeRavens Deny Telling Janay Rice To Apologize For Getting Punched By Her Husband
Posted:
reddit
OWINGS MILLS, Md. (AP) — The Baltimore Ravens say they didn't write a script for Ray Rice and Janay Rice during their joint news conference on May 23.
In an interview this week on the "Today" show, Janay Rice said the team suggested to her that she apologize for her involvement in the February incident in which Ray punched her in an elevator.
Janay Rice also said the Ravens gave the couple "a general script" for the news conference.
Janay Rice told Today: "I was ready to do anything that was going to help the situation. Help the way we looked in the media, help his image, help obviously his career. They told us earlier that week we would do the press conference, and I was fine with it."
"I was basically ... not doing what I was told, but at the same time, I didn't think it was completely wrong for me to apologize because at the end of the day, I got arrested, too. So I did something wrong, too. Not taking any light off of what Ray did because I agree with everybody else. It was wrong."
Kevin Byrne, Senior Vice President of Public and Community Relations for the Ravens, said in a statement Wednesday that the team provided talking points to Ray, but not Janay.
"At no time prior to the May 23 session did we provide talking points, a script or suggested script to Janay or speak with her about the press event," Byrne wrote. "We did not recommend or suggest to Ray or Janay that she apologize in any way."
After Ray Rice told the Ravens he wanted Janay to speak to the media at the news conference, Byrne said he asked the running back "on two different days if Ray wanted me to speak with Janay in advance of the press session. Both times, Ray declined and said: 'She's good. She knows what she wants to say.'"
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
More:

Indian-American scientist appointed US Scien...An IIT-B alumnus, Majumdar is a material scientist, engineer, who was Prez Obama's nominee for Under Secy of Energy between Nov 30, 2011-May 15, 2012.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: A top Indian-American scientist from Stanford University has been appointed as one of the Science Envoys of the US.
Arun Majumdar , a professor at the prestigious university, along with three others Peter Hotez, Jane Lubchenco and Geri Richmond would serve as US Envoys beginning January next year, the State Department said yesterday.
Like their nine predecessors, these distinguished scientists will engage internationally at the citizen and government levels to develop partnerships, improve collaboration, and forge mutually beneficial relationships between other nations and the US to stimulate increased scientific cooperation and foster economic prosperity, the Department said in a statement.
Science Envoys travel as private citizens and advice the White House, the Department of State, and the scientific community about potential opportunities for cooperation.
This year the Department announced the first Science Envoy for the Ocean, building on the momentum created at the Ocean Conference held at the State Department in June.
An IIT-Bombay alumnus, Majumdar is a material scientist, engineer, who was President Barack Obama's nominee for the Under Secretary of Energy between November 30, 2011 and May 15, 2012.
He formerly ran the Environmental Energy Technologies Division at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, where he was also the deputy director of LBNL as well a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.

Candy Crush to launch clothes  handbags | Amazon launches  ethical  diapersCandy Crush to launch designer clothes, handbags; inks licensing deal with Dream Theatre
By Ratna Bhushan , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.20AM IST
0
Share More
 King Digital Entertainment Plc, has signed licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush products across South Asia.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Developers of Candy Crush Saga , perhaps the world's most popular online and mobile game, plans to cash in on its popularity in India by launching high-street designer clothes , handbags , shoes and, of course, candies under the Candy Crush brand.
King Digital Entertainment Plc, the London-based owner of Candy Crush, has signed an exclusive licensing deal with Mumbai-based Dream Theatre, to license and sell Candy Crush branded products across South Asia.
"Since women between 18-25 years have been identified as the primary consumers of Candy Crush, our core focus for extending the game to products is women's fashion clothing, accessories, handbags, footwear and even home furnishing," said Jiggy George, founder and CEO of Dream Theatre, an entertainment, sports, fashion licensing and brand management firm.
Dream Theatre is close to signing a contract with a top Indian fashion designer, he said, but refused to name the person.
In July, fashion designer Manish Arora had showcased a fall/winter collection for Amprapali jewellery inspired by Candy Crush.
George said Dream Theatre will also partner a confectionery player to leverage the obvious synergy between Candy Crush and confectionery by launching Candy Crush candies and confectionery.
Candy Crush Saga, a match three-puzzle video game developed by King Digital in 2012 on Facebook, and later as a mobile app for smartphones, surpassed Farmville 2 as the most popular game on Facebook last year, with over 46 million average monthly users. Candy Crush has been installed over 600 million times on Facebook and iOS/Android devices, and was the most downloaded iOS app last year.
It enjoys huge popularity in India too. "The Candy Crush is like a new-age virus - whatever its pros or cons may be," said Shailendra Singh, joint MD of entertainment and sports marketing firm Percept.
He said recently at a function in Meerut he saw one of the people manning a sweets stall playing Candy Crush on his mobile.
The brand licensing market in India is estimated at $450 million, or about Rs 2,780 crore, at retail sales. It's not even 1% of the global market estimated at $200 billion, but is growing about 20% a year, helped by online retail and organised retail.
Licensing content and characters emanating from digital games and applications is a fast accelerating trend, replacing television and cartoon characters.
Angry Birds, the first such success, has so far been the biggest hit with two billion downloaded games worldwide. Angry Birds has followed the original game with multiple extensions, animation shorts and an upcoming movie in 2016.
For the Indian market, Dream Theatre, which also has licensing rights for Angry Birds, has launched products across 14 categories, including toys, board games, apparel and stationery.
Angry Birds' branded products are now available across 1,500 stores besides multiple online platforms.
George said with rights to licences for three digital properties — Candy Crush, Angry Birds and Talking Tom app — Dream Theatre was targeting Rs 150 crore of retail sales within three years.
Globally, the gaming market is forecast to grow to $103 billion by 2017 with mobile gaming doubling its share to 34%.
King Digital's latest results showed profits down by 20% in the July-September quarter compared to last year, and it has been trying to increase market share in an intensely competitive mobile game industry.
King Digital's stock-market debut in March this year was among the worst in the US. The company said it was diversifying beyond its core Candy Crush game and that its 'non-Candy Crush' game portfolio is now contributing 49% of its revenues.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Govt kicks off FY15 s first selloff with SAIL OFS @ Rs 83 apiece; stock down over 2%SAIL OFS commences at Rs 83/share; stock down over 2%
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.33AM IST
0
Share More
At 09:40 a.m.; SAIL was trading 1.23 per cent lower at Rs 84.30. The stock hit a low of Rs 83.50 and a high of Rs 84.70 in trade today.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) Ltd slipped as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Friday as the government launched its one-day offer-for-sale (OFS) at a floor price of Rs 83. The base price was set at a discount of about 2.75 per cent to Thursday's closing price of Rs 85.35 on the BSE .
In a notification to the stock exchanges, the company said that "the floor price of the offer in terms of Sebi OFS (offer for sale) circular shall be Rs 83." It will also offer a 5% discount to retail investors , said a senior finance ministry official.
The government plans to offload around 20.65 crore shares of SAIL in the offer for sale (OFS) today.
The stock ended at Rs 85.35 Thursday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.35%. "We expect to raise around Rs 1,500-1,700 crore from the stake sale," said the finance ministry official cited above.
The SAIL public offer will kick off the government's disinvestment programme through which it aims to raise Rs 58,425 crore this fiscal, ET reported.
Of the total, Rs 43,425 crore is expected to come from stake sales in government-controlled companies and Rs 15,000 crore from those in which it has a minority stake, added the report.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sarika s biggest SECRETS & SCANDALS revealed!Photo uploaded by Monika Rawal
on Jun 02, 2012 , 10:00 pm
7428 Views  |  4  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
After staying together for many years, Sarika finally got separated from Kamal Haasan for good in 2004. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
After staying together for many years, Sarika finally got separated from Kamal Haasan for good in 2004. Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

Mangalore Chem rallies 14% as Zuari makes new open offerDec 05, 2014, 10.53 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mangalore Chem rallies 14% as  Zuari makes new open offer
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 percent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mangalore Chem rallies 14% as  Zuari makes new open offer
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 percent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCFL) rallied over 14 percent intraday on Friday as the open offer bid intensifies again. The Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm through a fresh open offer.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 percent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers .
"ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals...", a BSE filing said.
The fertiliser company also announced appointment of Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter an earlier open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After those open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 percent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.
At 09:51 hrs Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers was quoting at Rs 93.95, up Rs 7.80, or 9.05 percent while Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Coprn was quoting at Rs 137.05, up Rs 5.30, or 4.02 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Selan Exploration up 13%  RBI allows NRI/PIO to buy sharesDec 05, 2014, 10.37 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Selan Exploration up 13%, RBI allows NRI/PIO to buy shares
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday notified that the foreign shareholding by non-resident Indians (NRI)/persons of Indian origins (PIOs) in Selan have gone below the revised threshold caution limit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Selan Exploration up 13%, RBI allows NRI/PIO to buy shares
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday notified that the foreign shareholding by non-resident Indians (NRI)/persons of Indian origins (PIOs) in Selan have gone below the revised threshold caution limit.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up huge shares of  Selan Exploration Technology on Friday after Reserve Bank of India removed the company from caution list and allowed NRIs/PIOs to buy shares of the company. The stock gained as much as 12.5 percent intraday.
The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday notified that the foreign shareholding by non-resident Indians (NRI)/persons of Indian origins (PIOs) in Selan have gone below the revised threshold caution limit. Hence the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares of the above company are withdrawn with immediate effect, said the RBI.
According to the RBI's circular, the NRI/PIOs can now invest up to 24 percent of the paid up capital of the oil exploration company under the portfolio investment scheme.
The company earlier passed resolutions at its board of directors’ level and a special resolution by the shareholders, agreeing for enhancing the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by NRI/PIOs.
RBI said the purchases could be made through primary market and stock exchanges.
At 09:53 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 422.70, up Rs 42.65, or 11.22 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Australian shares ease amid mining  energy sell-offAustralian shares ease amid mining, energy sell-off
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Dec 5:  
Australian shares fell 0.6 per cent on Friday, weighed by losses in mining and energy firms with investors nervous ahead of a key US jobs report that could trigger sharp moves.
The S&P/ASX 200 index shed 33.5 points to 5,335.3 at the close of trade, but was still up 0.4 per cent for the week.
New Zealand’s benchmark NZX 50 index ended the session unchanged at 5,521.9 to show a jump of nearly 2 per cent so far this week.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Sesa Sterlite spikes up 1.6% on BSEITC rides up over 2% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 5:  
ITC surged into the lead on the BSE by the close on Friday. At 3.20 pm the share was up 2.35 per cent at Rs 391.75. The share had closed the previous session at Rs 382.75.
M&M made further ground to hold gains of 2.2 per cent at Rs 1,294 as against Rs 1,266.10 at close yesterday.
Sesa Sterlite came off its morning levels to trade at Rs 240.10 near the close. This was up 1.22 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 237.20.
HDFC built gains of 0.32 per cent to quote at Rs 1,115 as against Rs 1,111.45 at close on Thursday.
Coal India edged up 0.27 per cent to trade at Rs 356.45 as against Rs 355.50 at close yesterday.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Locally-made Chinese vehicles see low growthLocally-made Chinese vehicles see low growth
Our Bureau
In October, sales grew by 3.8 per cent
December 5, 2014:  
 
 The latest developments in the Chinese light vehicle market are in line with the expectations of global forecasting agency, LMC Automotive.
In a press release, it says sales of locally-made models in China grew by 3.8 per cent year-on-year (YoY) in October to 1.91 million units, further extending the market downswing evident since the start of the year.
Although the October SAAR (seasonally adjusted annual rate) reached a record high of 23.8 mn units, this result was just a touch above August’s 23.7 mn units, providing further evidence of the ongoing lack of market growth.
Closer analysis reveals that locally made passenger vehicles saw sales increase 9.9 per cent Y-o-Y in October, rebounding from the 8.4 per cent YoY seen in Q3 2014.
With dealer-level inventory picking up to 1.48 months in October from 1.42 in September, the higher Y-o-Y growth confirms that the passenger vehicle market is not as robust as the numbers may suggest.
LMC Automotive believes that inventory levels were pushed up largely by the Chinese and Japanese OEMs given that they have not performed as well as their competitors so far this year. As a result, they are highly likely to miss the annual targets they set at the start of the year.
Market share for Chinese branded locally manufactured vehicles reached 31 per cent, nearly four percentage points higher than in Q3 2014. Similarly, albeit to a lesser extent, Japanese brands saw market share climb to 17.3 per cent in October, from 16 per cent in Q3 2014. Going forward, LMC Automotive believes there remains an upside risk to its current PV sales forecast in the last two months of the year.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Samsung asks court to throw out $930 mn damages in Apple infringement caseSamsung asks court to throw out $930 mn damages in Apple infringement case
Reuters
Tweet
WASHINGTON, Dec 5:  
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd asked a US appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc $930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets.
The hearing at the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was the latest fight between the two smartphone makers, which have been litigating around the world for three years, each accusing the other of infringing patents in making smartphones and other mobile devices.
They have essentially fought to a draw in about a dozen countries, but in August announced that they had agreed to withdraw all patent lawsuits against each other except in the US.
In this case, Samsung asked the court to throw out a decision from the US District Court for the Northern District of California which had found that Samsung infringed Apple patents and ordered it to pay the iPhone and iPad maker $930 million, a reduction from an earlier award of $1 billion.
Kathleen Sullivan, a lawyer with Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP who represents Samsung, argued that the lower court erred in deciding that the design and trade dress patents were infringed because the Samsung phones did not carry an Apple logo, did not have a "home" button like an iPhone and had speaker slots in different places than the Apple phones.
"Apple was awarded Samsung's total profits on those (Samsung) phones, which was absurd," she said, arguing that it was akin to awarding entire profits on a car because of an infringing cup holder.
Arguing for Apple, William Lee of the law firm Wilmer Hale disagreed. "This is not the cup holder," he said.
He argued that the $930-million verdict was the right decision.
"What Samsung is actually asking you to do ... is to substitute yourself for Judge Koh and the jury," he said.
The three judges on the panel did not indicate which side they supported, and did not indicate when they would rule.
Apple and companies that make phones using Google's Android software, such as Samsung's top-selling Galaxy, have filed dozens of infringement lawsuits against one another around the world to protect their technology. Apple and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit, which has since been purchased by Lenovo, agreed in May to settle all smartphone patent litigation between them.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex trading flat; US payrolls report eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Mangalore Chemicals rallies on open offer by ZuariMangalore Chemicals rallies on open offer by Zuari
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 11:00 AM IST
Shares in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCF) has rallied 9% to Rs 93.65 on BSE after the company said Zuari Fertilisers made an open offer to acquire a further 30.7 million shares at Rs 91.92 per share.
In a filing to the BSE, Adventz Group companies, Zuari Agro and Zuari Fertiliser & Chemicals (person acting in concert), said they planned to acquire another 25.9% or 30.7 million shares in MCF by making a voluntary offer. The open offer is worth a total of Rs 282.19 crore.
As the offer is voluntary, all the tendered shares under the open offer will be acquired by the company.
As of September 30, 2014, Zuari Fertilizers and Chemicals held 16.43% stake in the MCF, the shareholding pattern data shows.
The stock opened at Rs 92.30 and touched a high of Rs 98.35 on BSE. The trading volumes on the surged over ten-fold with a  combined 2.26 million shares changed hands on the counter till 1056 hours on BSE and NSE.
 

Half Girlfriend did not insult Dumraon  clarifies ChetanBhagatBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:40 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:48 am
Author Chetan Bhagat Thursday described his book “Half Girlfriend” as a work of fiction and ridiculed allegations that its contents had insulted the former kingdom of Dumraon in Bihar.
“‘Half Girlfriend’ is a work of fiction. It is a mere coincidence that a character Madhav Jha belongs to a royal family,” Bhagat said while addressing a seminar.
The author, who has penned popular books like “Five Point Someone”, “One Night at the Call Centre” and “The 3 Mistakes of My Life”, said he did not require a controversy to become popular.
“Madhav Jha does not exist. It appears some old kings of Dumraon are alleging I have insulted the kingdom. They wrote to me. I have replied politely. I said they have been instigated by someone. I also told them I have made Dumraon famous.

After CAG finds fault  govt to conduct gender audit in over 32 000schoolsWritten by Ritu Sharma | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:34 am
After the critical remarks for reporting “unreliable and incorrect” data on facilities provided to students in state government schools by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in its report tabled last month in the Gujarat Assembly,  the state education department has decided to carry out its own “gender audit” in order to “evaluate the need to provide safe and convenient schools” to girls in more than 32,000 government primary schools across the state.
The gender audit, planned by the state government, is a part of “Gatisheel Gujarat” campaign launched by chief minister Anandi Patel and would be carried out under one of the agendas of “chintan shibir” to be organised by Block Resource Centre (BRC) and Cluster Resource Centre (CRC) co-ordinators for improving the education quality across each district. The need and immediacy for the same was again reiterated by the top officials in the state education review meeting held in Gandhinagar on Tuesday.
As per the directions issued by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) office, the audit will focus on gender education in terms of enrollment and retention of girls in government schools, equal standards of education to both girls and boys, participation levels of girls in all education and cultural activities, along with safe environment for them in schools. Despite the state government’s enrollment drive – Shala Praveshotsav and Kanya Kelavani – the students’ strength in primary schools has witnessed a decline over the last few years.
When contacted, education minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama said, “The whole idea behind this gender audit is to see how we can promote girl education as well as the quality of education in government schools. The state government is trying to fulfil its target of 100 per cent enrolment and zero per cent dropout in government schools with an emphasis on girls.”
A part of this will be socio-economic and gender equity, including student profile, school enrolment and retention, infrastructure facilities, utility of resource rooms, certificate for physically challenged children,  medical camps and efforts on how to increase the participation of such children in school activities .
The one-day “chintan shibir” for the implementation of these “agenda items” is scheduled this month simultaneously in all districts. Each district has been directed to document “chintan shibir” which is a “must” as it has to be submitted at the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) office within 10 days of organising the shibir.
This comes weeks after the CAG report, for the year ending March 2013, highlighted that “a number of elementary schools were running without buildings and basic amenities guaranteed under the Right to Education (RTE) Act though sufficient funds were available. The information of availability of separate toilets for boys and girls, drinking water facility in elementary schools was incorrectly reported”.
Further, the CAG report categorically stated, “Many schools are functioning without requisite number of teachers and 57 schools were functioning without a teacher. Increasing preference for private schools vis-a-vis government schools and increase in dropouts could be attributed to inadequate infrastructural facilities, lack of basic amenities and lack of teachers. These continued…

Coldplays next album titled A Head Full ofDreamsBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:34 am
Coldplay frontman Chris Martin has revealed that the name of the band’s seventh album as A Head Full of Dreams.
Martin, 37, announced the title on Radio 1 after the band topped Zane Lowe’s 100 Hottest Records of the Year with their single ‘Magic’, reported Digital Spy.
Martin said the band are currently in the studio working on their seventh album. “We haven’t told anyone this, but we’re making an album called A Head Full of Dreams. We’re right in the middle of it,” he said.
“Because it’s you (Lowe), I’ll tell you. I feel a bit nervous to have said it because I didn’t get permission! It’s our seventh thing and we look at it as the last Harry Potter book or something like that,” he added.
The group’s latest album, Ghost Stories, was released in May 2014.

Include Pune in smart city plan: Mayor toModiBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:56 am
Mayor Dattatraya Dhankawade has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting him to include Pune among the 100 cities the union government is planning to convert into smart cities, so that its development into a well-planned metropolis of the future is accelerated.
The mayor said residents were happy to get Modi as PM.
“The city has multiple traits making it probably the most unique city in the country with engines of growth like core industry, defence, education, IT and ITES in addition to being the culture capital of the state. As mayor, it is my request to include Pune in the 100 smart cities the union government would be building,” said the mayor.
Pune was among the 63 cities selected to implement the national urban renewal mission, Dhankawade reminded, adding that many projects in water supply, transportation, basic services for urban poor, river development have been successfully implemented.
“There is growing demand for upgrading infrastructure and creating new infrastructure,” the mayor said adding that enhancing economic and employment activities and addressing transport, energy, healthcare, water and waste management issues can ease some pressure on city from influx  of people.
“I feel major strides should be made to convert the city into a paperless city via E-governance and create a new benchmark of physical infrastructure integrated through use of technology,” Dhankawade said.
City MP Anil Shirole welcomed the step to request the prime minister to include the city in the 100 smart cities.
“I too have written to the prime minister about including Pune in the plan to develop 100 smart cities. It is good the mayor made the same request. Development of the city would be much better with leaders of all political parties working together to achieve it,” he added.
Shirole said the Union government was framing the concepts for the smart city and only further process of selecting cities would be carried out. The state government and union government would have to work together to get cities of the state on the list of smart cities, he said.

Reliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm for oil and gashuntBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:33 am
Reliance Industries has signed an agreement with Mexican state-owned company, Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX) for cooperation in upstream oil and gas production as well as in refining business.
As per the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) “RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets,” a company statement said.
RIL and PEMEX will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry, including for deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
“The MoU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep-water development and best practices in East Coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States,” it said.
RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX for refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
“RIL’s cooperation with PEMEX is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms.
“The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for Exploration and Production Business and for RIL on the whole,” it added.

After a gap of 3 years  govt set to brainstormWritten by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave | Gandhinagar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:28 am
After a gap of three years, Chintan Shibir, a state-level administrative brain -storming session started by Narendra Modi, will resume mid-February next year. The first Chintan Shibir of the Anandiben Patel government, however, will see a bottom-to-top approach as the agenda and ideas to be discussed will be filtered from taluka- and district-level Chintan Shibirs that were structured mainly around her slogan of “Gatisheel Gujarat”, an administrative agenda set with specific target by the Patel government.
The initiative, started by Modi, as chief minister in 2003, was a retreat for bureaucrats and politicians to interact. It had become the cradle of initiatives like the Kanya Kelavani campaign and Shala Praveshotsav, Gunotsav — the annual evaluation of schools.
“After 2011, the Chintan Shibir, wherein all IAS, IPS and political representatives  come together in an informal way to brainstorm pressing and long-term issues, will happen around mid February, 2015,” said a top-level official from the General Administration Department. The venue, where officials and officer-bearers travel together for a two-day stay, will be decided soon.
The GAD maintains that this is for the first time that the government has been going for bottom-up approach. “The agenda of the state-level Chintan Shibir will be the extract of all taluka-level and district-level shibirs done on feedback from local residents,” an official added. While taluka-level Chintan Shibirs have been conducted, the district-level sessions are still on and likely to be concluded before January.
This is for the first time that at both the taluka- and district-level, the participants  — collectors, district development officers, taluka development officers, talaties — on the first day of two-day shibirs first held meetings with village panchayat representatives and local residents to know and understand local problems. In another first, the teams have also visited local schools, hospitals, temples, other organisations in the area to get the ground-level feel before they set for brainstorming on the next day.
Though each and every taluka and district have their different sets of issues, at every level the government had made it mandatory to take stock of pressing issues like malnutrition, school dropout ratio after class IX, toilets and cleanliness in schools, Swachh Abhiyan, on starting smart schools in villages, status of drip irrigation and strengthening of women-run milk cooperatives.
Besides, all the talukas and districts were asked to prepare implementation plans for ongoing programmes like Kanya Kelavani, mid-day meal, Chiranjivi Yojana among others.
With an aim to make governance less formal, bring officials closer, ease hierarchy and for the flow of free ideas in natural set up while doing recreational activities like yoga , the first Chintan Shibir by the Modi government was held at Kevadia Colony, in the backdrop of Sardar Sarovar in 2003. Also called the annual thought camp, where Modi’s most popular ideas have believed to be appeared, was held regularly till 2011.

Cops find 3 missing women  say they left on their own  were notabductedBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:26 am
Three women initially believed to have been abducted have been brought back by Hinjewadi police from various places outside Maharashtra. Police said the women — all neighbours — had left home on their own after they faced family issues and were apparently looking for jobs outside the state because they were fed up of their routine work.
Vidya Dashrath Khade (25), Pratibha Prakash Hazare (25) and Mangala Siddharth Ingale (24) had gone missing on Friday. Pratibha and Mangala told their husbands that Khade had a stomach ache and they were taking her to hospital. After the last contact between 4 pm and 4.30 pm that day, their phones were switched off.
Khade is security guard with a private firm and is deployed at an IT company in Hinjewadi. Hazare also worked as a security guard in the past. Ingale is a domestic help.
Senior inspector S P Bhosale of Hinjewadi police station said, “We traced them based on various clues and they were brought back on Thursday morning. Their statements have been recorded. They were not kidnapped and had left home on their own.”
Additional Commissioner of Police  Prakash Mutyal said, “The three were fed up of family issues and their work. They wanted to look for jobs outside the state. They were together wherever they went but could not get jobs. Then they split up.”
Based on statements of their husbands, police suspected it to be a case of abduction. The suspicion was strengthened when, during the last call by one of them to her husband, he heard the women saying the driver was not stopping the car.
A senior police officer said, “But soon after the case was registered, primary probe ruled out abduction. It seems they were afraid of coming back as news had appeared on TV and newspapers. They wanted to create an impression that they had been abducted.”

Parliament LIVE: Rahul Gandhi wears black band to protest Sadhvis remark  PM Modi makes statement in LokSabhaBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:26 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:36 pm
The statement by Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the controversial remark by his minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti seems to have failed to pacify the Opposition, which on Friday continued to create ruckus in the Lok Sabha, forcing the chair to adjourn the House. Following this, the Prime Minister made a statement in the Lok Sabha as well over the issue.
The Opposition attack was led by Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi, who wore a black band across his face as a mark of protest.
Here are the highlights:
# Amid protests in Rajya Sabha Question Hour, the House is adjourned for another 20 minutes.
# Most Left members absent in Rajya Sabha, sources say CPM’s unwillingness to align with Trinamool on protests reason for Left staying away.
# Rajya Sabha adjourned till 12. Naqvi says Congress targeting dalit woman even after she apologized shows their arrogance.
# Speaking to mediapersons outside Parliament, Rahul Gandhi said that the government did not intend to hear the voice of others, and was adamant on its stand.
Opposition protest on sadhvi niranjan issue @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/Avn6V5wGGN
— abantika ghosh (@abantika_ghosh) December 5, 2014
# Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge also attacked the government as he spoke in the Lok Sabha, reiterating the demand of action against Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
Opposition protest in Parliament against govt efforts to “muzzle” them on sadhvi issue @IndianExpress pic.twitter.com/UJgwG3yuh8
— abantika ghosh (@abantika_ghosh) December 5, 2014
# Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that he had, in the strongest of words, asked his ministers to refrain from using such language.

Meghalaya on India s railway map over 60 yrs after IndependenceMeghalaya finally on India's railway map
5 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Economictimes.com
Meghalaya was recently added to the country's railway map with Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagging off a first passenger to the northeastern state.
We take a look at some interesting facts about this new railway line:
We compare the fully loaded diesel versions of each to find out!
 
Maruti has big hopes for the Ciaz, not just as a car but as a gateway into more premium future...
 
The Hyundai Grand i10 is good. No doubt. But, is it better than the popular and fun to drive M...
 

Market @ 12: top 20 bets; defence stocks on a roll; surge upto 10%Sensex stuck in a range, Nifty holds 8550 levels; top 20 intraday trading ideas
By ET Now | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.12PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was stuck in a 50 point range on Friday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The index got support from buying seen in frontlines names like ITC, L&T, RIL, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in range but above its crucial psychological level of 8575, supported by gains in capital goods, auto, banks and oil & gas stocks.
At 1:12 pm, the Sensex was at 28,525.76; down 37.06 points.
The Nifty was at 8,556.80; down 7.60 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Zensar Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 656 and a stop loss of Rs 630
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 655
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 242 and a stop loss of Rs 228
Bayer Cropsciences Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 2850
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 230.50
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 168
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1570 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Jindal Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 160 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1460 and a stop loss of Rs 1550
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 312 and a stop loss of Rs 297
Brigade Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 156
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
GIC Housing Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 196 and a stop loss of Rs 188
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 102 and a stop loss of Rs 95
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Hindustan Zinc Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 170
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 292 and a stop loss of Rs 276
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1550 and a stop loss of Rs 1630
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 280
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 465
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 410
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

China to have worlds longest metro rail networkUpdated: December 5, 2014 11:50 IST
China to have world’s longest metro rail network
PTI
mass transit
China is expected to build 8,500 km of subway systems by 2020, giving it the world’s longest metro rail network, the government said on Friday.
Nineteen cities have recently extended their metro systems, with total mileage expected to hit 3,000 km by the end of the year, Chinese Minister of Transport, Yang Chuantang was quoted as saying by state—run China Daily.
Public transit, especially the subway, has had a major effect on easing congestion in Beijing, and the government will inject more funding to promote its development, Dai Junliang, deputy mayor of Beijing said.
Four new subway lines will open to the public this month, which will extend the capital’s subway to 527 kms, the longest in the country.
Daily ridership will increase gradually to more than 10 million, the Beijing Commission of Transport said.
To guarantee safety with such large passenger numbers, security should be strengthened, Yang said.
Staffing numbers at some subway systems are not sufficient, and some staff members are not qualified in employing high technology, leaving the potential for security risks, he said.
On Thursday, Beijing’s subway system held a drill to handle derailment of subway trains.
Teams from the subway and bus companies, medical personnel and traffic police, rehearsed rescuing trapped passengers and resuming passenger service.
Chen Wen, a director in charge of emergency response and coordination with Beijing Metro Group, said more than 70 emergency plans have been prepared for different situations.
Beijing has 26 professional emergency rescue teams with more than 500 members and holds more than 600 drills every year to sharpen capabilities in dealing with emergencies, such as fire in a metro station or equipment failures.
In addition to frequent drills, Mr. Yang called for improved laws and regulations to promote metro management and security.

Dineshwar Sharma to be appointed director of Intelligence BureauIB gets new director, RAW head likely soon
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 10:31 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:42 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
The Centre has decided to appoint senior IPS officer Dineshwar Sharma as the next Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief and is expected to name the next head of India’s external spy agency, Research & Analysis Wing (R&AW), over the next few days.
Sharma, a special director at the IB, is a 1979 batch Kerala cadre IPS officer who has spent most of his career in the IB and earned a reputation for himself as an analyst. He had volunteered to serve in Jammu & Kashmir in the 1990s and later headed the joint task force on intelligence constituted after the 1999 Kargil incursion.
The government hasn’t issued Sharma’s orders yet who will be first be appointed as Officer on Special Duty before he takes charge on December 31 for a two-year term.
Along with Sharma, the Centre had also considered his two colleagues, Ashok Prasad — who played a key role in building the multi-agency centre for seamless sharing of intelligence — and Divya Prakash Sinha who led counter-terror operations.
For R&AW, the Centre could choose between Rajinder Khanna and Arvind Saxena. Khanna has led the agency’s counter-terror operations while Saxena has extensively served in Pakistan and the United States.
If neither of them make the grade, sources said there was a remote possibility that the government looks outside the agency for the next chief.

Buy Texmaco Rail  SKS Micro; sell Rel Infra: Dharmesh KantLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Texmaco Rail, SKS Micro; sell Rel Infra: Dharmesh Kant
Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities recommends buying Sintex Industries with a target at Rs 100 and advises selling Reliance Infra with a target at Rs 570.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can buy Texmaco Rail and Engineering  with a target at Rs 150 and a stoploss of Rs 130.
One can buy SKS Microfinance  with a target at Rs 390 and a stoploss of Rs 360.
One can buy Sintex Industries  with a target at Rs 100 and a stoploss of Rs 92.
One can sell Reliance Infra  with a target at Rs 570 and a stoploss of Rs 610.
RELATED NEWS

V-Mart Retail opens new store at Kishanganj  BiharDec 05, 2014, 11.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
V-Mart Retail opens new store at Kishanganj, Bihar
V-Mart Retail Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has opened a new store located at
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
V-Mart Retail opens new store at Kishanganj, Bihar
V-Mart Retail Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has opened a new store located at
Post your opinion here
 
V-Mart Retail Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has opened a new store located at "Paschimpali College Road, Near Corporation Bank, Kishanganj- 855107, Bihar". The store is spread in an area of 8770 sq. ft. This is the 20th store in the state of Bihar across 17 cities. With this the Company have increased the tally of the state to 5 composite stores & 15 fashion stores.This takes the total number of stores to 106 in 89 cities across 12 states with a total area of 8.63 lakhs sq.ft.Source : BSE

SAIL stake sale subscribed over 27% in early tradeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets near  point of low return : Bill GrossThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt kicks off divestment; SAIL OFS todayHi Guest
SAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 27% in early trade
Govt hopes to rake in Rs 1,714 crore (Rs 17.14 billion) through disinvestment; Rs 160 crore (Rs 1.6-billion) worth of shares to be reserved for retail investors. The government's 5 per cent stake sale in steel major SAIL, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore (Rs 17 billion), began on Friday and got subscribed over 27 per cent in morning trade. The total issue of 20.65 crore (206.5 million) shares got bids for 5.7 crore (57 million) shares by 1055 hours, as per the NSE data. The retail category of 2.06 ...

Lessons from Samsung s Declining Mobile BusinessThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ICRA appoints Arun Duggal as non-executive ChairmanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex rises 88 pts on capital inflows  mixed global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

May be next week or may be today.....New Member
5 Followers
Eveready will declare its 3rd quarter result around 14th Feb....am pretty sure before 14th we may see 225 level... As i told earlier the fair value of eveready is 1000....we may see this level in a year or two.. Investors hold this gem its a gold Mine.
4.51 PM Dec 4th

Guys it will correct up to 65/5 start buying 66/rs onwardCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sir i think voltas will also hit 290 today...ur views Guest
Charasala,
market jumped by 900 points from sept 2014 then itself l&t did not move. what support u are expecting from market to l&t. If market corrects,consolidates & recovers then along with l&t all large cap stocks also move up.But your larsen will have a dip along with market correction & start to struggle @ dipped level only.
If you have got this stock bought @ 1725/- plus level come out of it  otherwise you will see  1200/- very soon.
In reply to : Charasala message
10.44 PM Dec 5th

dear abhishek  med term mold tek is fine. promoters must...Gold Member
5 Followers
Tilak ji may I recommend one stock to you. Pls look at mold tek pack. I feel it will be 650-800 in one year time. Current price 250 I invested at 120. Would appreciate your views. Best regards
9.08 PM Dec 4th

Ambuja Cements spurts 2.3% on NSEDLF vaults nearly 5% on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 5:  
DLF made rapid strides during the second half of the session on the NSE on Friday to emerge the top gainer on the bourse by close. At 3.30 pm it was trading at Rs 161.70 as against Rs 154.35 at close yesterday. This represented a gain of 4.76 per cent.
Ambuja Cements moved up further to trade at Rs 236.95. This represented a gain of 3 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 230.05.
Punjab National Bank also made further ground to hold gains of 2.42 per cent at Rs 1,121.95 as against Rs 1,095.45 at close yesterday.
M&M drove up to trade at Rs 1,294.05, up 2.29 per cent on its previous close at Rs 1,265.1.
ITC was trading at Rs 391.35. This was a gain of 2.14 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 383.15.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related
Markets Live: Sensex sheds 105 points; European shares rally ahead of US jobs data
TOPICS

Will the government s PSU divestment programme sail throughWill govt's disinvestment programme 'SAIL' through?
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 10:28 PM IST
The government’s ambitious disinvestment programme for 2014-15 kicked off on Friday with the sale of stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), through the offer-for-sale (OFS) route — barely three months before the financial year ends. Of the overall target of raising Rs 58,425 crore through disinvestment in the current financial year, the government raised Rs 1,715 crore through the SAIL OFS, which was subscribed 2.08 times on Friday; the portion reserved for retail investors was subscribed 2.66 times.
Besides the SAIL OFS, where the government is looking to pare five per cent of its stake to bring the holding to 75 per cent, there are companies like Coal India, ONGC, NHPC, Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corp (REC), Hindustan Zinc and Balco, where the government intends to divest stake, reports suggest.
However, going by the experience of the previous years — when the actual proceeds from stake sale were much lower than the targets — the government’s disinvestment target for 2014-15 appears too ambitious.
For instance, in 2013-14, receipts from sale of minority shareholding in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs) totalled Rs 15,819.46 crore, against a disinvestment target of Rs 40,000 crore, show data from the department of divestment. These disinvestment proceeds last year were: Rs 571.71 crore from MMTC; Rs 259.56 crore from Hindustan Copper; Rs 101.08 crore from National Fertilisers; Rs 30.17 crore from India Tourism Development Corp; Rs 4.54 crore from State Trading Corp; Rs 358.21 crore from Neyveli Lignite; Rs 2,131.28 crore from NHPC; Rs 1,637.32 crore from Power Grid Corp; Rs 497.32 crore from Engineers India Ltd; Rs 1,886.78 crore from Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd; Rs 5,341.49 crore from Indian Oil Corp; Rs 3,000 crore from CPSE-ETF.
Likewise, in 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13, the government could only garner Rs 22,144.21 crore, Rs 13,894.05 crore and Rs 23,956.81 crore through sale of minority shareholding in CPSEs, which were 44.64 per cent, 65.27 per cent, and 20.14 per cent short of actual targets for each of those years.
So, will this time be any different or will the cash-rich Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) again have to come to the rescue?
Ambit Investment Advisors Managing Director Vaibhav Sanghavi explains: “The one difference this time is that the markets are quite buoyant and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) are looking at opportunities to invest. So, if they get a good deal in terms of stocks/companies on offer, they will definitely invest. In terms of key macros, India is in a much better shape and the developments are being viewed positively by investors. Even if the disinvestment target for this financial year is not met, the shortfall will not be much.”
“For a retail investor wanting to buy PSU stocks, the government’s stake sale programme is a good time to get in. There are a lot of PSUs that have tremendous value. So, if one is looking to stay invested for the longer term, this is a good option. The retail investors are also getting a cushion in terms of discounts on offer in these issues,” he adds.
Meanwhile, there have been reports that LIC, known to be the government’s white knight for divestment programmes, has been exiting some stocks to prepare a war-chest for this year’s programme. Reports suggest LIC’s investment in equity markets this financial year has been Rs 45,000 crore; it could be ready to invest more through the government’s stake sale programme.
“I think the government has done the right thing by announcing the list of probable candidates well in advance. It also wants to address key issues like subsidies, which could have been an overhang for disinvestment candidates like ONGC. This gives a lot of clarity to investors wanting to buy these stocks or participating in the Centre’s disinvestment programme. It will ensure the programme is successful. Given the market environment we are in, I don’t think raising money for the government through the stake sale route will be a problem,” says Deven Choksey, managing director & chief executive of K R Choksey Shares and Securities.

ITC hits record highITC hits record high
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 11:22 AM IST
Shares of ITC has touched a record high of Rs 390, up nearly 2%, extending its previous day’s 5.5% rally on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after media reports suggests that the government was reconsidering a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes.
 
According to government sources, the idea of banning sale of loose cigarettes has been put on hold. They said any decision on the same or demands from activist groups that tobacco and areca nut cultivation be restricted will only be taken after factoring in “commercial interests and interests of farmers,” a Business Standard report suggests.
Godfrey Phillips India and VST Industries among other cigarette companies are trading higher by 1% each at Rs 623 and Rs 1,937 respectively.
 

Investors to get single statement for MFs  stocksStory
Single statement for MFs, stocks
From March 2015, you will get a consolidated account statement (CAS) of your investments in mutual funds as well as stocks if you have a demat account.
Team Money Today        Edition: December 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
From March 2015, you will get a consolidated account statement (CAS) of your investments in mutual funds as well as stocks if you have a demat account. Getting all the information at one place will make decision-making easier. It will also help the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the market regulator, keep track of people's investments in shares and mutual funds.
Mutual funds are already providing CAS to investors as per Sebi directives. Sebi has now asked depositories and mutual funds registrar and transfer agents (RTAs) to put in place a system for generation of common CAS every month.
Mutual funds and their RTAs will share information with the depositories every month. The depositories will collate investment details of both stocks and mutual funds on the basis of investors' permanent account numbers (PANs). The depository will generate CAS for account holders who have investments in both stocks and mutual funds. For those who have investments in just mutual funds and don't have a demat account, mutual funds or their RTAs will continue to send CAS as per the current regulation.
An investor will get CAS on a monthly basis only if he has made a transaction in stocks or mutual funds, that month. Otherwise, he will get it on a half-yearly basis. The CAS will be sent through email but if an individual wants he can also ask for a physical copy.

Amazon rolls out 15 000 robots for sale onslaughtAmazon looks to 15,000 robots to make faster deliveries this holiday season
Deepa Sitharaman     Tracy, California   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 11:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Amazon.com has installed more than 15,000 robots across 10 US warehouses, a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas.
The orange 320-pound (145 kg) robots, which scoot around the floor on wheels, show how Amazon has adopted technology developed by Kiva Systems, a robotics company it bought for US $775 million in 2012. Amazon showcased to media on Sunday ahead of Cyber Monday, the biggest online shopping day of the year.
The robots are designed to help the leading US-based e-tailer speed the time it takes to deliver items to customers and better compete with brick-and-mortar stores , where the bulk of Americans still do their shopping.
The robots also may help Amazon avoid the mishaps of 2013's holiday season, when a surge of packages overwhelmed shipping and logistics company UPS and delayed the arrival of Christmas presents around the globe. Amazon offered shipping refunds and US $20 gift cards to compensate customers.
KNOW MORE: About Amazon's army of Kiva robots
Amazon deployed the robots this summer, ahead of the key holiday quarter, when the company typically books about one-third of its annual revenue. The updated warehouses are in five US states - California, Texas, Florida, New Jersey and Washington.
The move comes at a cost. Amazon estimated in June 2013 that it would spend about US $46 million to install Kiva robots at its warehouse in Ruskin, Florida, including US $26.1 million for the equipment, according to company filings to the local government.
The Kiva robots have allowed Amazon to hold about 50 per cent more items and shorten the time it takes to offer same-day delivery in several areas, said Dave Clark, senior vice president of worldwide operations and customer services.
At Amazon's warehouse in Tracy, California, workers stack goods in shelves carried by more than 1,500 Kiva robots, which use markings on the floor to navigate and form a "big block of inventory," Clark said.
Squeezing the racks of items closely together eliminates the need for workers to navigate aisles to collect items ordered by consumers . Now, a worker calls for specific items and the robot steers itself to their particular work station. Each robot can carry as much as 720 pounds.
In some cases, the robots have allowed Amazon to get packages out the door in as little as 13 minutes from the pick stations, compared to about an hour and a half on average in older centres.
"It's certainly proving out that it's justified itself," Clark said of the Kiva acquisition. "We're happy with the economics of it."
(Reuters)

Rupee down 5 paise against dollarUpdated: December 3, 2014 10:04 IST
Rupee down 5 paise against dollar
PTI
market and exchange
The rupee declined by 5 paise to 61.93 against the US dollar in early trade on Wednesday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on fresh demand for the American currency from banks and importers.
Forex dealers said apart from the gain in the dollar against other currencies in the global markets on impressive US data, fresh demand for the American unit from importers weighed on the rupee but a higher opening of the domestic equity markets, capped the fall.
The rupee had gained 14 paise to close at 61.88 against the dollar in yesterday’s trade on selling of the US currency by exporters and banks even as stock markets fell.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 60.64 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 28,504.65 in early trade on Wednesday.

Nifty to touch 9 960 level by Dec 2015: ReportDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The National Stock Exchange index Nifty is expected to touch 9,960 level by December 2015, supported by liquidity, policy reforms and improving fundamentals, says a report.
According to global brokerage firm Macquarie, development backed agenda is expected to drive the country’s economy as well as the equity market and the Nifty is expected to reach as high as 21,500 in next five years.
The Nifty has given around 36 per cent returns in 2014 so far this year as against 4 per cent return for MSCI World Index and is expected to give another 16 per cent return over the next 12 months, which should take the Index to 9,960 points, the report said.
The 50-share index today settled at 8,537.65, higher by 12.95 points or 0.15 per cent.
“We believe the market can re-rate further to 16-17x if economic recovery is stronger than expected. Our 12-month Nifty target is 9940 based on 15x FY17E EPS,” Macquarie said in a research note today.
From being amongst the least preferred markets more than a year ago, India has climbed up the charts to being amongst the most preferred markets to invest in.
According to the report, the factors that are building up investor sentiments include, the Narendra Modi-led new government which brought about stability in an otherwise volatile political environment and improved market sentiment. In addition, there were affirmative action by the government on several fronts.
Moreover, with crude prices falling sharply, macro indicators have turned favourable and improved conditions for economic recovery to take shape.
“All of these are excellent conditions for an equity bull market to sustain for several years,” Macquarie said and added that Nifty could reach 17,400-21,500 over the next five years.
Along with good FII inflows of around USD 16 billion so far this year, domestic mutual funds have turned net buyers with their net inflows aggregating to around USD 4.2 billion since May.
“Valuations may not be cheap but can sustain at high levels given that India is relatively better placed than other emerging markets,” Macquarie said.
TAGS: NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

RBI comfortable on Current Account DeficitUpdated: December 3, 2014 20:21 IST
RBI comfortable on Current Account Deficit
Oommen A. Ninan
economy, business and finance
 
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor H.R. Khan on Wednesday said that the central bank is reasonably comfortable with the present Current Account Deficit (CAD) position of the country.
The central bank is “reasonably comfortable from the current account point of view because of prices of oil,” which is hovering at five-year lows, said Mr. Khan while talking to reporters on the sidelines of ‘National Payments Excellence Awards 2014’ function here.
The Government recently scrapped the 80:20 rule on gold imports, mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country. He said that a view has been taken in this regard after considering the CAD position into account.
Mr. Khan also said that the RBI is having concerns on e-commerce transactions and would issue guidelines to regulate these transactions.
National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), the umbrella organization for all retail payments system in the country, has institutionalized ‘National Payments Excellence Awards 2014’ to recognize outstanding achievements in operating various payment systems.

Benchmarks running out of steam FIIs mayagreeDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The equity market has lost close to 0.9% from a new record high attained in late November. The benchmark indices however, may be looking for another 1% of downward move indicates the trend in FII activity in index futures.
In 2014, at least on three instances as the 30-share Sensex scaled a new peak, a slow-down in FII purchases of index futures was accompanied by a simultaneous fall of about 2.2% on average in the Sensex.
A similar pattern appears to be emerging again given that, since November 28, 2014 the net FII purchases of the index futures as represented by its 21-day moving average have slowed from R423 crore to R182 crore. If one considers the pattern witnessed in 2014, this means the Sensex may be looking for another 1% correction towards 28,000-28,060 range.
Between May and September 2014, similar slow downs in buying activity led to an average correction of about 540 points on the Sensex. Market participants however point out that generally as the indices observe strong moves, the institutinal players like to hedge their bets. As a result, they tend to sell more of index futures even as their cash positions in the spot markets remain on the buy side.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Foreign Institutional Investors
More from indianmarkets

Brokerages differ on extent of India bullbetsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Although the recently published 2015 Sensex targets by various foreign brokerages depict similar market returns for the coming year, the nature of their bullishness appear varying.
Even as the broader tone of analysts seem very positive as they factor in impending interest rate cuts, recovery in earnings growth and government’s policy actions into their expectations, their price target for 2015 appear modest compared to the stellar rally of 34.5% reported by 30-share benchmark in 2014 so far.
This week three foreign brokerage including Citi, Morgan Stanley and Macquarie Securities have released their 2015 market outlook that set forth 14-16% gains in the benchmark indices for the year. While all three appear to agree on the positives an imminent interest rate cut and persistent pace of reforms could bring, their views on earnings recovery differ.
Morgan Stanley which is seems most ahead of the consensus earnings estimates for fiscal 2015-16 sees Sensex ending the year near 32,500. The foreign brokerage believes that the key to the valuation story and India’s performance in 2015 is the forthcoming earnings cycle wherein it sees the EPS (earnings per share) of the Sensex companies growing at an average of 24% in the next two fiscals (FY16, FY17).
On the other hand, Citi which has pinned a target of 33,000 for the Sensex in 2015 believes that consistent economic and earnings uptick is only likely in mid-2015, citing modest near-term visibility in loan growth and investments, and caution amongst corporates while regulatory reforms are still underway.
“2015 should be front-loaded with falling rate gains, back-loaded with an actual economic/investment recovery; and accompanied by steady regulatory/execution reform,” says the brokerage in a research note dated November 28.
Macquarie Securities, the latest brokerage that announced its 2015 outlook on the other hand thinks that the market still has some re-rating potential and has pinned a target of 9940 for the broader Nifty.
The brokerage observes that consensus forecast of 19% PAT growth for FY16 , driven by expectations of a 14% revenue growth and 50 basis points of margin expansion, is much lower than the 40% growth levels seen in previous up-cycles . The estimate doesn’t factor in the impact of operating and financial leverage as demand improves, inflation abates and interest rates ease.
Although the current valuation multiples- about 15 times EPS and 3 times book vale – are a tad above long-term average, “ the market can re-rate further to 16-17x if economic recovery is stronger than expected,” notes Macquarie.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Morgan Stanley
More from indianmarkets

Wal-mart bosses deny stalling Tracy Morgan lawsuitGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Bosses at US superstore Wal-Mart have denied allegations suggesting they have been purposefully stalling a federal lawsuit over Tracy Morgan’s harrowing car crash.
The 46-year-old ’30 Rock’ star is still struggling to bounce back from the fatal road accident which killed his friend James ‘Jimmy Mack’ McNair and left him critically injured in June (14), when a limousine they were passengers in collided with a Wal-Mart truck driven by Kevin Roper in New Jersey, reported Huffington Post.
Morgan, who has yet to return to work almost six months later, is suing company executives for negligence.
But last month, Roper – who is not named as a defendant – filed legal papers seeking to delay the lawsuit as his attorney, David Glassman, did not want accusations about his alleged actions to impact his ongoing criminal case relating to the crash.
Morgan’s lawyers challenged the motion, blaming Wal-Mart chiefs for the move, insisting the request is just a tactic being used by the defendants to reportedly avoid disclosing their safety practices.
However, Wal-Mart officials have since dismissed the claims as false.
Roper, who was accused of being sleep deprived at the time of the collision, pleaded not guilty to one count of death by auto and four counts of assault by auto earlier this year.
Two other passengers in Morgan’s car were also left seriously injured in the accident.
TAGS: Tracy Morgan Wal-Mart
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Big-show Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti suddenly a no-showWritten by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:28 am | Updated: December 4, 2014 11:05 am
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti was a no-show at her planned Delhi show on Wednesday.
The Union minister, whose ramzaadon-haramzaadon speech on Monday is still reverberateing from Parliament to public space, was reportedly told to back out from holding a scheduled campaign rally at Sheikh Sarai in South Delhi.
When Newsline visited the venue given out in the official list of the BJP, workers pleaded ignorance about any such event.
When contacted on the telephone number given by the party’s Delhi unit, an assistant to the minister of state for food processing confirmed that she was supposed to hold the jansabha.
“Sadhviji is still in Parliament and then she would attend a function and, if she got free by 8 pm, will attend the sabha at Sheikh Sarai,” the assistant said.
V P Marwah, the party worker who was listed as the programme in-charge, said he had no information about the meeting. “People have called me regarding the event but I have no information about her planned address here,” he said.
Sunita Guliya, the local councillor who lives near the venue and on the official list, also pleaded ignorance. “Party keeps listing events without informing us,” Guliya said.
BJP sources said Niranjan Jyoti has been asked to maintain a low-profile after the massive controversy over her abusive speech.
Sadhvi is scheduled to address another rally on Thursday near Gole Market. The new detailed list issued by the Delhi BJP says a public meeting will be also addressed by Niranjan Jyoti at Raja market.

Shy of SRA  MbPT pushes own slum rehab schemeWritten by Shalini Nair | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:40 am
In what could be a first-of-its-kind policy for rehabilitation of slums on central government land in Mumbai, the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) has recommended doing away with the concept of a cut-off date for deciding the eligibility of slum-dwellers for rehousing.
The Land Development Committee of the MbPT has said 30,000-odd residents of shanties dotting Mumbai’s 28-km dockland along the eastern coastline should be rehoused through a specially drafted policy for them, and not through the state government’s existing Slum Rehabilitation Authority schemes.
In the final draft of its report that will be submitted to Union Minister for Shipping Nitin Gadkari, the committee has stated that slum rehabilitation on central government land parcels need not follow existing SRA schemes that allow private developers to rake profits out of constructing apartments for sale on slum land in return for housing shanty-dwellers, free of cost, on a small portion of the land.
Gadkari has been emphatic about the fact that no private builders will be involved in developing port land.
Instead, the proposed special planning authority Mumbai Port Land Development Authority(MPLDA) will be free to design its own policy for housing those living in the slum settlements. The policy will be based on the broad framework laid out by the land development panel. “Since there is currently no policy for slum rehabilitation on central government land, it will be a complex process before we are able to come up with one,” said MbPT chairmen R M Parmar.
The SRA policy counts only those living in slums that have come up prior to 2000 as “eligible” for alternate housing, displacing large numbers of “ineligible” residents.  According to a panel member, the port trust’s rehabilitation policy should be more along the lines of central government’s flagship Rajiv Awas Yojana (RAY) where the construction of low-cost housing for all slum residents are partly financed through central government grants.
The last detailed survey on the slum settlements conducted by the MbPT in 2002 pegged the numbers at 14,369 shanties, occupying swathes of land totalling to 7.46 hectares. “The numbers are estimated to be around 30,000 as on date. The cost of the slum rehabilitation cannot be part of the capital expenditure as that will make it unviable.
There are lots of central government funds available which can be used for this purpose,” said a panel member. Even though RAY provides for 50 per cent of the amount required to reconstruct slums, Mumbai, home to 11 lakh slum households, has not utilized a single paisa for more than three years since the policy came into being. The LDC’s report also mentions the a part of the land can be used for generating affordable housing.
The slum pockets on MbPT land, whose residents are mainly into ship repairs and scrap-dealing,  are largely concentrated in areas such as Wadala estate, Hay bunder and Haji bunder near Cotton Green. Half-a-dozen slum colonies live close to the ship-breaking yard at Darukhana and several others along the port land at southern continued…

NRS lynching: On World Disabled Day  protesters seek justice for Korban ShahWritten by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:42 am
The clamour for justice for Korban Shah, the youth who was found murdered at NRS Medical College and Hospital in Kolkata, became stronger as personalities like former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee lent their support on the occasion of World Disabled Day.
Shah’s family had claimed that he was mentally challenged.
On November 16, Korban from Uluberia in Howrah, was lynched at NRS medical college hostel.The 30-year-old who was the father of four children, was suspected to have been a thief. His body was found tied around a pillar on the third floor of the hostel. Even after 16 days, the police have not been able to make any arrests.
During the rally at Esplanade on Wednesday, three demands were raised: setting up a judicial commission to unearth the truth behind the murder, removal of the officer-in-charge of Entally police station and removal of the principal of the college, Manju Banerjee.
A sum of about Rs 1.5 lakh was arranged and handed over to the wife of Korban who had come to attend the rally.
The Kolkata Police however, say they have not yet given up. “We are zeroing in on the culprit. There is no question of sparing the criminal,” Surojot Kar Purokayastha, Kolkata Police commissioner, told The Indian Express.

Gandhis 3D hologram to be the biggest drawWritten by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 4, 2014 11:59 am
Mahatma Gandhi will come alive in the gigantic “salt mound”, built as part of the Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, in a museum to feature the father of the nation in a 3D image, to be opened to public on the second day of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD)  beginning January 7, 2015.The opening is likely to coincide with the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Modi had initiated this project as a “homage” to Gandhi, when he was the CM.
The museum, that can accommodate about 3,000 people at a time, is being created inside the salt mound, currently being constructed in front of the Mahatma Gandhi convention centre in the state capital. The salt mound, a conical Reinforced Cement Concrete (RCC)  structure with diameter of about 90 metres at the base and 41 metres high, signifies Gandhi’s momentous and historic Dandi March and Salt Satyagraha movement of March 1930.
Official sources told this paper that a life-size, 3D hologram of the Mahatma was being readied that will not only interact, but might also move. This is being pitched as the biggest attraction of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas event being hosted by the Government of Gujarat.
“It will be a very hi-tech museum, probably the only one of its kind on Gandhi,” said an official, who is providing content for the project.
“We have targetted to complete the civil work of the project by December 15 and thereafter the installation of audio-visual aids related to the life and philosophy of Mahatma Gandhi will begin. The state-of-the-art audio-visual aids will help provide a  unique experience to the visitors. We plan to inaugurate the salt mound on January 8,” said a senior official of the Gujarat Government, who is supervising the project.
The air-conditioned museum will have three levels or floors, all of which will be depicting the various stages of Mahatma Gandhi’s life. Elevators built inside the conical salt mound will first take the visitors to the topmost level that will depict the childhood and early life of the Mahatma. Then, the second floor will deal with his adolescence, youth and the years he spent in South Africa. The last floor will showcase events that happened after his return from South Africa and the freedom struggle,” the official said.
The museum will not only have life-size sculptures of Gandhi, but also contain quotes and speeches made by him on various occasions. Visitors can move from one floor to the other on a ramp or elevators that will be installed inside the salt mound which will also have a research centre and meditation space.
About 15 per cent of the space inside the salt mound is being used to portray Gandhiji’s biography and his idea of India, 35% of the space will be occupied by contemporary movements inspired by the leader and the remaining 50 percent of the space will be continued…

In kitchen for 19 000 students  untrained workersSpace in the basement of Shivalikview Hotel, where mid-day meals for 19,000 students are prepared. (Source: Express photo by Sahil Walia)
Chandigarh |
Posted: December 4, 2014 12:22 pm
By VIVEK GUPTA
Dingy rooms, discoloured walls, broken utensils, untrained workers and inadequate storage make the CITCO’s central kitchen, located in the basement of the Shivalikview Hotel in Sector 17, which prepares mid-day meals for over 19,000 students every day.
A day after insects were found in the rice meal meant for over 9,000 students, Chandigarh Newsline conducted a check and found that the kitchen has just one room both for cooking the meal and washing the utensils. The floor is crammed with utensils, and one could not walk inside the cooking area. Directions issued by the Ministry of Human Resource Development say that the mid-day meal kitchen should be spacious and hygienic.
The two storage rooms in the kitchen do not have direct electricity supply. There is no place where the workers can sit and clean rice before it is cooked.
In a letter to CITCO officials, the Education Department’s midday meal inspector R K Sangwan had said that over 80 per cent of the utensils in the kitchen are broken. Some do not have handles, other have lids which are cracked. “A fly catcher is also required in the kitchen,” he wrote in one of the letters.
Satish Kumar, DGM of the Shivalikview Hotel, who heads the mid-day meal kitchen, admitted that inadequate space is the root cause of unhygienic conditions. “We used to make mid-day meal for 12,000 students but Education Department later increased our load to 19,000 students which we are finding it difficult to manage in this space,” he said.
He said CITCO had, in the past, written to the Education Department to reduce the kitchen’s load, but there was no response. CITCO was considering a proposal to shift the kitchen to a more spacious place, he added.
CITCO Mananging Director Kavita Singh, who recently took charge, said, “The health of the students is our major priority and all required steps would be taken.”
While CITCO hasn’t provided the proper infrastructure, the workers hired by the contractor Sukhbir Singh Bir can be seen cooking without gloves and headgears, contrary to the hygiene norms of the MHRD.

Maharashtra cabinet expansioncabinet-expansion...    Cached
Mumbai, Dec 5 (ANI): After getting back together with its age old ally Shiv Sena, Devendra Fadnavis led BJP government in Maharashtra on Friday carried out its first ...

Ballon D Or shortlistwww.fifa.com/ballon-dor    Cached
The official home page for the FIFA Ballon d'Or with news, photos, videos and fan views on the most prestigious football awards
'Neuer deserves Ballon d' Or more than Ronaldo'
GOAL.com via Yahoo! Philippines SportsDes 14 8:15 PM
EXCLUSIVE: German coach Winfried Schafer says his compatriot's displays for Bayern Munich and the national team should see him crowned as the world's best player

David Beckham to launch his own fashion lineGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Former soccer star David Beckham is following in the footsteps of his wife Victoria and launching his own fashion line.
The 39-year-old retired English footballer has teamed up with his long-term business partner Simon Fuller and is all set to release the collection with Global Brands, reported Daily Mirror.
Simon, who launched a label with Posh Spice in 2008 and helped Victoria to bag the Best Brand award at the British Fashion Awards this week, is very keen to work with Beckham.
David, who was involved in a car crash in London, on Saturday was seen with his wife Victoria Beckham at the award function.
TAGS: David Beckham Victoria Beckham
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

No place for Sehwag  Yuvraj  ZaheerGambhir, Yuvraj omitted from probables
2015 World Cup: Sehwag, Harbhajan, Zaheer also omitted from 30-man squad.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014 3:50 PM IST
0
2011 World Cup stars left out.
Virender Sehwag , Yuvraj Singh , Zaheer Khan , Gautam Gambhir and Harbhajan Singh have been omitted from the 30-member preliminary squad for the World Cup picked by India's selectors on Thursday. It has been almost a year since any of them made the ODI side.
It is understood that the selectors had decided to move on with the next generation and preferred current form over past performance, which worked against all the five players.
Though any of the omitted players from the provisional squad can be picked in the final 15-man side, chances of the five senior players breaking into the squad are remote. The deadline for submitting the condensed squad to the ICC is January 7.
"Seniors were also considered [for selection]. There was a discussion on everyone," said BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel. "But the thought process was to give preference to performers. The youngsters have been doing very well at the domestic level so they could not be ignored. Barring major injuries, the World Cup squad would be from this lot. Captain's views were also considered."
Over the last two years, Sehwag has averaged 20.23 in 13 one-day matches. Gambhir's is 23.58 from 30 matches in the same period. They had limited success in the recent Vijay Hazare Trophy, with only a fifty each from six games. Harbhajan led Punjab in the same tournament and managed seven wickets in six matches, while Yuvraj was similarly patchy with 168 runs from five matches. Zaheer has not played competitive cricket since the IPL in May, and was ruled out of the Mumbai Ranji squad owing to fitness concerns.
Manoj Tiwary makes the cut after highly productive showings in the Deodhar Trophy and Manish Pandey has been rewarded for consistent performances through the year, including in the IPL and the Vijay Hazare Trophy. Kedar Jadhav , who made his debut in the Sri Lanka series, is also among 10 batsmen chosen.
Ashok Dinda has picked up 19 wickets in nine 50-over matches, including a five-for against Jharkhand and a 4 for 33 in the Deodhar Trophy final to persuade the selectors. Left-arm chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav features among seven spinners led by R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja . Ishant Sharma , who was not part of the team in 2011, might have a chance to play his first World Cup.
There weren't many other surprises, although Cheteshwar Pujara was not seen as a viable limited-overs prospect again. India have picked four wicketkeepers in MS Dhoni, Wriddhiman Saha , Sanju Samson and Robin Uthappa , which has left Dinesh Karthik surplus. Vinay Kumar , who had led Karnataka to three trophies last season and the Vijay Hazare title in March, could not find a place either.
Besides these five cricketers, the selectors have also overlooked most of India's World Cup-winning squad members. Dhoni, Kohli, Raina and Ashwin are the only survivors from the 2011 squad. Barring Sachin Tendulkar , who has retired, and Sreesanth , who has been banned for life for his alleged involvement in the IPL corruption scandal, all other members of the 2011 triumph were available for selection.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

NFL Player Tries To Justify Comments On Malia Obama s Body Shapereddit
Defensive end Darnell Dockett #90 of the Arizona Cardinals responded to criticism on his questionable Instagram post aboutMalia Obama. (Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images)
On the same day a GOP staffer resigned for criticizing Malia and Sasha Obama's appearance at the annual White House turkey pardon ceremony, Arizona Cardinals defensive end Darnell Dockett came under fire for re-posting a questionable Instagram photo of the president's oldest daughter's figure
The photo, which made the rounds on social media Monday, was a screenshot from an NBC affiliate of 16-year-old Malia Obama leaning against a railing. Some men on Twitter made comments about her shape, despite the fact that she is a minor.
On Instagram, Dockett commented on the photograph posted by user @dreday_4 with the caption, "When is her prom?" Dockett responded and wrote "Omgggg," and then re-posted the photo with the caption "Lmfaooo."
Dockett since deleted the post but responded to the criticism Wednesday on Twitter:
Yall chill I never said anything about the presidents daughter "not one thing" all I did was repost my boy IG pic. Get your facts straight!
— DARNELL DOCKETT (@ddockett) December 3, 2014
And fyi people I do have a daughter so think what yA want! I post what I want ESP if it's funny to me! Seems to me yall need to lighten up.
— DARNELL DOCKETT (@ddockett) December 3, 2014
This is not the first time Dockett has created controversy over his social media posts. Dockett refused to apologize about an Asian joke he made on Twitter last year , took a naked shower on UStream for a $1,000 bet and got into a Twitter spat with former Alabama quarterback Aaron McCarron over a woman who was then his girlfriend and is now his wife.
Also on HuffPost:

UP bus train accidentrail_incidents    Cached
The following is list of accidents on the Indian Railways. A map of India's rail network. Contents 1 1890s 2 1900s 3 1920s 4 1930s 5 1940s 6 1950s 7 1960s 8 1970s 9 ...

BSE to move 38 stocks to restricted groupBSE to move 38 stocks, NSE 4 scrips to restricted group
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 09:29 IST
Photo: Reuters
Premier stock exchanges Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE)on Thursday decided to shift securities of several companies to the restricted trading segment from December 9 with a view to safeguard the interest of investors in capital markets.
BSE said it would be shifting as many as 38 scrips to the trade-for-trade or the 'T' group segment, while the National Stock Exchange (NSE) has decided to move 4 stocks to this category, the bourses said in separate notices.
The stocks to be moved to the the 'T' group on both the bourses are Ausom Enterprise, Dynacons Systems & Solutions and Southern Ispat And Energy.
Under the trade-for-trade segment no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
"The move is part of surveillance review and with a view to ensure market safety and safeguard the interest of investors", the exchanges said.
"Members are requested to take adequate precaution while trading in the above securities, as the settlement will be done on trade-to-trade basis and no netting off will be allowed", they added.
Further, it said that the transfer of security for trading and settlement on a trade-to-trade basis is purely on account of market surveillance and it should not be construed as an adverse action against the concerned company.
These stocks would attract a price band of 5 per cent which would be the maximum permissible limit within which the share price can move.
Meanwhile, BSE said it would move securities of 43 companies to the normal segment from the 'T' group with effect from December 9.
Similarly, NSE also would shift securities of four firms to the normal segment.
Dynacons Technologies, Integra Garments and Textiles, Lyka Labs and Panasonic Appliances India Company are some of the firms which would be transferred to the normal trading segment on both the stock exchanges.

Maersk Line to make regular calls at L&T Kattupalli portUpdated: December 4, 2014 22:35 IST
Maersk Line to make regular calls at L&T Kattupalli port
N. Anand
A vessel anchored at L&T Kattupalli port.- FILE PHOTO
TOPICS
social infrastructure
Maersk Line has decided to visit L&T Kattupalli International Container Terminal (KICT) near Chennai on a regular basis from December 16 onwards.
It is a fortnightly Port-of-Rotation call titled ‘Chennai Express Service’ (CHX). The new service will cater to auto and electronics companies located in and around Chennai.
As per the itinerary, CHX will visit the following ports Qingdao, Xingang, Busan, Shanghai, Nansha, Tanjung Pelepas, Chennai, Krishnapatnam, Kattupalli, Visakhapatnam and Tanjung Pelepas.
For the last five months, Maersk has been calling at Krishnapatnam port on a bi-weekly basis. Now, it plans to call on Kattupalli and Krishnapatnam on alternative trips.
Talking to The Hindu, a Kattupalli Port official said: “We are happy that one of the biggest shipping companies has included us in their port of call. So far, Maersk made three ad hoc calls and they are happy with the result.”
According to him, KICT was selected as an additional port as it was less congested compared to Chennai Port, and resulted in quicker turnaround of trailers.
NYK Line, one of world largest shipping companies, has been calling KICT on weekly basis.

Zuari Group Unveils Rs 282 Crore Open Offer for MCFLYou are here: Home Market
Zuari Group Unveils Rs 282 Crore Open Offer for MCFL
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 22:54 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Mumbai: Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will spend up to Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 today.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers.
"ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals...", a BSE filing said.
Earlier in the day, the fertiliser company announced appointment of Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter an earlier open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After those open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar's Adventz Group.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 22:53 (IST)

RIL signs MoU with Petroleos Mexicanos for Mexico forayDec 05, 2014, 09.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RIL signs MoU with Petroleos Mexicanos for Mexico foray
Under the terms of the MoU, RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RIL signs MoU with Petroleos Mexicanos for Mexico foray
Under the terms of the MoU, RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Reliance Industries  Friday said it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Mexican state owned company, Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX)
Under the terms of the MoU, RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets, said the Reliance Industries media release.
“RIL’s cooperation with PEMEX is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms. The company hopes to leverage its organizational capabilities and expertise to create long term value for exploration and production business and for RIL on the whole,” the release said.
The MoU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deepwater development & best practices in East Coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States, the release said.
 
RIL and PEMEX will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry including for deep-water oil and gas exploration and production, the release said.
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group.
 
Reliance stock price
On December 10, 2014, Reliance Industries closed at Rs 864.10, down Rs 14.35, or 1.63 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1142.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 794.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 69.65 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 609.19 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.42.
RELATED NEWS

Snowden documents: UK spy agency hacked Reliance cables  accessed dataComments
British intelligence hacked into two major undersea cables owned by Reliance Communications compromising millions of users, including those from the Indian government, reveal the latest scan of documents leaked by Edward Snowden, the US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor-turned-whistleblower. This security breach took place sometime between 2009 and 2011.
A private company, bought by telecom major Vodafone in 2012, helped the British intelligence agency General Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) in hacking the Reliance cables and 27 others that converged in the UK, reveal the documents.
These revelations were made in the last week of November by UK’s Channel 4 and German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung that jointly investigated the Snowden cache.
The Reliance cables carry internet and data traffic between Asia and Europe, and Europe to the American continent. Indian users compromised by this breach include those who don't necessarily use a Reliance connection as the cables carry data from a multitude of internet service providers in multiple countries.
The website of Reliance Globacom, part of Anil Ambani’s Reliance Telecom group, describes itself as being one of the world’s “largest private undersea cable system spanning 67,000 km route.”
Renamed Global Cloud Xchange (GCX) in March, it owns two key undersea cables — FLAG, which connects Europe to Asia, and FLAG Atlantic 1 (FA1), which connects the American continent with Europe. Both cables meet at a junction in southwest UK and are connected by the local area network operated by Vodafone subsidiary Cable & Wireless.
The FLAG Europe-Asia undersea cable has landing stations in Egypt, the Arabian peninsula, India, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, mainland China, Taiwan and Japan. It was a key target, the documents show, since it carries data from countries that the US and UK are most interested in, like Middle East countries, India and also China.
The documents showed that the GCHQ had a secret financial arrangement with Cable & Wireless to use its facility in Skewjack Farm in southwest England to hack into the 29 undersea cables. This was part of a major operation codenamed “PFENNING ALPHA”, a computer exploitation network run jointly by the US’s NSA, and GCHQ. In separate documents, this operation has also been identified as the NSA’s “fourth-largest” information collection exercise from the global Internet.
In August 2013, Süddeutsche Zeitung accessed the Snowden papers to reveal the code names given by British intelligence to private telecom companies that cooperated with GCHQ for tapping internet communications. Cable & Wireless was identified by the codename ‘GERONTIC’ while British Telecom (BT) is referred to as ‘REMEDY’. Both companies were part of an elaborate spying programme code-named ‘TEMPORA’.
The documents also reveal how GCHQ used a secret software known as ‘XKeyscore’ to pull out data to analyse the data it was intercepting. The filtering of the Internet was carried out using technology developed by a Boeing subsidiary company, Narus. It would pull out packets of information that included phone numbers, emails, and IP addresses in real time.
Reliance Communications declined to reply to HT’s queries.
Ben Padovan, the official spokesperson of Vodafone in the UK, said in a statement: "Cable & Wireless was not owned, operated or controlled by Vodafone until 2012. We examined the past history of Cable & Wireless compliance prior to its acquisition by Vodafone and found no evidence that would substantiate these allegations…
The statement ends saying that Vodafone is legally bound not to disclose “any information regarding warrants received and the processes and systems in place to respond to such warrants” and the penalty for doing so is five years in prison.

Take Rs 50 000 and abort pregnancy  Bihar panchayat tells raped minorComments
The 16-year-old wants justice; they are offering her money - Rs. 50,000 to abort a pregnancy allegedly caused by rape and move on with life.
This is a diktat a panchayat in Kishanganj district of eastern Bihar has passed after hearing the seven-month pregnant minor who wants her rapist to be ordered to marry her.
In her complaint to the police earlier this week, the girl alleged a man, assisted by three of his brothers, had raped her.
"When I approached the elders of my village, they held a panchayat and ordered me to take Rs. 50,000 and undergo an abortion," the girl said in her complaint.
The panchayat decision is not the first to raise eyebrows in the poor state, which has been demanding "special category" status from the central government for years.
Kishanganj, where Muslims constitute about 70% of the population, is among the most backward districts of Bihar, with a high poverty rate and a low literacy level.
The Kishanganj panchayat diktat comes barely two months after a similar decision was taken by an assembly of elders at a village in Muzaffarpur district in north Bihar.
The Muzaffarpur panchayat had advised a 14-year-old rape victim to accept Rs. 2 lakh from the alleged rapist and abort her pregnancy.
The women's police station in-charge who received the Kishanganj girl's complaint said, "We are probing the matter to ascertain the authenticity of the complaint."
According to the police official, the minor is from an extremely poor family. Her parents are labourers: the father often migrates in search of work and mother works in the agricultural fields for daily wages.
A section of villagers in the Kishanganj village did not sound sympathetic towards the minor.
"We often have girls falling in love, becoming pregnant and then running from pillar to post to seek justice," said a villager who did not want to be named.
Two years ago, another panchayat in Kishanganj district had banned girls and women from using mobile phones in a response to cases of elopement.
The panchayat members had then insisted the ban was a well-intentioned step to preserve moral values.

SAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 33%SAIL offer oversubscribed; Govt to raise Rs 1,500 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Kicking off its disinvestment drive on a positive note, the government’s share sale offer in steel major SAIL got oversubscribed today by nearly 1.5 times with almost half-an-hour still left for bidding to close and ensured at least Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer.
The offer for over 20 crore shares of SAIL also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
The government is selling 5 per cent stake in SAIL through this one-day offer, which received bids for more than 30 crore shares, worth over Rs 2,500 crore, by 2.45 pm itself.
The bidding was scheduled to continue till 3.30 pm on the BSE as well as the NSE.
Oversusbscription
Incidentally, the BSE Web site data showed the offer as getting oversubscribed 131 per cent at around 2.25 pm, before revising it downward to 69 per cent. Around 15 minutes later, the data on both BSE and NSE Web sites showed the offer getting finally oversubscribed.
The retail segment was oversubscribed 1.28 times, while non-retail segment was oversubscribed 1.5 times as on 2.45 pm, taking the total subscription level of over 20 crore shares at 1.48 times.
Disinvestment drive
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal. It is also the first disinvestment during the current fiscal.
It is probably the first OFS in which the stock exchanges are showing the retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price, separately.
Floor price
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5 per cent stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer, which is expecting a minimum amount of Rs 1,500 crore after taking into account retail discount.
The government currently holds 80 per cent stake in the company, which will fall to 75 per cent after this offer.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

GAIL to source gas from American co for its Maryland LNG terminalHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GAIL to source gas from American co for its Maryland LNG terminal
Richa Mishra
B. C. Tripathi, Chairman and Managing Director of GAIL (file photo)
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
GAIL (India) today said its subsidiary, GAIL Global USA LNG LLC, has signed an agreement with the US-based WGL Midstream Inc (WGLM) for sourcing natural gas to produce about 2.5 million tonnes of LNG at its Cove Point Terminal, Maryland, US.
WGLM is a subsidiary of WGL Holdings Inc., a prominent natural gas company in the US.
GAIL, however, did not disclose the price at which it is sourcing the gas. The prevailing gas price in the US is in the range of $4-4.5/million British thermal units.
The definitive gas sale and purchase agreement has been signed for 20 years and supplies are expected to commence from 2017-end when the LNG terminal, in which the GAIL subsidiary holds liquefaction capacity, becomes operational.
While the intention is to get this gas to India, the modalities are yet to be worked out, an official told Business Line.
Commenting on the development, B. C. Tripathi, Chairman and Managing Director of GAIL, said: "We are now in the process of chartering LNG ships, thereby entrenching our presence across the complete LNG supply chain and bringing more value to Indian customers," Tripathi said.
In a statement issued by GAIL, Terry D. McCallister, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, WGL Holdings, Inc. said: “WGL Midstream’s long-term relationship with GAIL capitalises on the growing supply of abundant natural gas from the Marcellus Shale production region. This growing supply source has been providing clean burning natural gas to the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the US and now will supply India as well."
Pace Global (a Siemens business), Thompson & Knight, and Amarchand Mangaldas assisted GAIL on the commercial and legal aspects of the transaction. WGL Midstream engaged Vega Energy Partners, Ltd., for the execution of these transactions. Vega will also play an ongoing role in the implementation of these contracts.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Reliance Industries charters smaller vessel to ship diesel to SingaporeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Reliance Industries charters smaller vessel to ship diesel to Singapore
Reuters
Tweet
SINGAPORE, Dec 5:  
India's Reliance Industries has chartered a medium-range vessel to carry diesel from India to Singapore in December, a rare move for the refiner that typically uses larger vessels for the route, traders said on Friday.
Medium range vessels can carry about 35,000 to 40,000 tonnes of diesel. Reliance usually ships diesel to Singapore in long-range 2 sized vessels, or Aframaxes, that can carry about 80,000 to 100,000 tonnes of fuel, or in a long-range 1 sized vessel, or Panamaxes, that can carry about 50,000 to 60,000 tonnes.
As much as possible, Reliance ships diesel to Europe or Africa when arbitrage economics are viable and moves the fuel to Singapore only when demand in Europe is weak, traders said.
"It is not economical in terms of freight costs to move the cargo in a smaller ship to Singapore, compared with moving larger volumes to the west from India," a shipbroker said.
It is unclear if Reliance plans to store the oil product in Singapore or sell it directly to a customer in the region.
India shipped about 94,000 tonnes of diesel to Singapore in the week to Dec. 3, data from International Enterprise shows.
Reliance, controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani, operates the world's biggest refining complex in India's western state of Gujarat, where its two adjacent plants can process about 1.4 million barrels per day of oil.
In the past, it has sold diesel to countries like Australia, which is Asia's top diesel importer and where import demand is growing due to closures of its ageing refineries, traders said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Selan Exploration zooms as RBI withdraws restriction under PISSelan Exploration zooms as RBI withdraws restriction under PIS
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 11:31 AM IST
Shares of Selan Exploration Technology were up 12% at Rs 424 after the Reserve Bank of India in a notification on Thursday withdrew the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares by by Non-Resident Indians (NRI)/Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs) under the Portfolio Investment Scheme with immediate effect.
As the foreign shareholding by NRI/PIOs has gone below the revised threshold caution limit, NRI/PIOs can now invest up to 24% of the paid-up capital of Selan Exploration Technology, the RBI said in a release on Thursday.
The purchases could be made through primary market and stock exchanges and would be subject to Regulation 5(2) of FEMA Notification No.20 dated May 03, 2000 (as amended from time to time) and other terms and conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank, the release added.
The stock opened at Rs 391 and touched a high of Rs 430 on the BSE. At 11:30AM, over 390,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges.

Express recipe: How to make DahiArbi* Pressure cook arbi with 2 cups water for 3-4 whistles.
* Remove from heat and keep the cooker closed till the entire steam escapes.
* Once the steam escapes, remove the arbi from the pressure cooker. Peel and cut into slices. Keep aside.
* In a deep pan, heat ghee.
* Add ajwain and fenugreek seeds to the pan. When the seeds start to sputter, add the chopped chillies, ginger and curry leaves.
* In a mixing bowl, blend the yoghurt, 3 cups of water, turmeric and red chilli powder to a smooth blend.
* Remove the pan from heat and slowly add the yoghurt mixture to the ghee.
* Return the pan to heat and bring the mixture to a boil, while stirring constantly.
* Once the mixture boils, reduce the flame and let it simmer till the gravy thickens a little. (around 5-6 minutes)
* Add the boiled arbi to the yoghurt gravy and cook for another couple of minutes.
* Serve hot with chappatis.
Food is never just food. I believe it’s story telling, it’s conversation. It brings people together and it speaks a universal language! I love to play around in my kitchen. The thrill of being able to create something new and sharing it with others is what fuels my passion for cooking. The fact that dear husband is a foodie and an honest critique helps! I blog about my adventures in the kitchen at http://www.myweekendkitchen.in/

Kidnapped baby found abandoned inautorickshawBy: Express News Service | Chandigargh |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:14 pm
The one-year-old child who was kidnapped by an unknown woman from a park in Manimajra on Monday evening was found abandoned in an autorickshaw in Kharar on Wednesday night. The child was identified by his parents and sent home later in the night.
Jeevan was found crying in the autorickshaw, which was parked on the roadside. A passerby informed the local police.
The SHO of Kharar City recognised Jeevan from a photo which had been circulated to all police stations in the Tricity, and informed the Chandigarh Police.
The SHO of Manimajra Charanjit Singh, along with Jeevan’s parents, then went to Kharar and identified the child who was hale and hearty.
The autorickshaw driver had parked the vehicle and gone for some work when somebody left the child in the vehicle. Later, the police detained three women, but let them off after questioning.
ASP (East) Parvinder Singh said Jeevan was probably kidnapped by a couple or a woman who did not have a child.
Jeevan’s father Jit Bahadur, who works at a butcher shop, is a resident of Nepal. He has been living in Manimajra with his family for the last several years. Apart from Jeevan, Jit Bahadur has two more sons.
Police are also looking at the possibility that the child was kidnapped by somebody with whom the family had a dispute. Jeevan’s father was involved in a drunken brawl few days ago.

Music is always my first love: G.V. PrakashKumarBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:09 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:18 pm
Southern composer G.V Prakash Kumar, who recently turned actor with Tamil horror comedy “Darling” , says that music will always be his first love and it won’t take a backseat due to his acting commitments.
“Acting won’t stop me from composing. In fact, I have over half a dozen films to compose in my kitty. Music is keeping me busy. It will always be my first love,” Prakash told IANS.
He enjoys composing because he feels “it’s about creation.”
“It lets you start everything from scratch. Composing is about letting your imaginations fly until you create something new. There’s so much high I get out of it,” he said.
“Darling” will release next year while Prakash, who took acting classes from actor Naren, also has “Pencil” and “Trisha Illana Nayantara” in the offing.
About acting, he says that it’s about finding “balance and control”.
“In acting, neither can you exaggerate not be too subtle. I think acting is about finding the right balance and control while performing,” he said.

Born in a circus 56 years back  musician returns as a drummer after 16yearsDrummer Jerry D’costa at Great Bombay Circus in Pimpri. (Source: Express photo by Arul Horizon)
Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:07 pm
Life has come a full circle for city-based musician Jerry D’Costa. Around 56 years ago, D’Costa was born in a circus in Ahmedabad. After trying his hand at circus stunts for a short period, D’Costa turned a live drummer at the circus and went on to work with different circuses. Then, he worked in the hotel industry for 16 years. However, he recently made a comeback to his roots — the circus — working as a live drummer with the Great Bombay Circus, which is running in Pimpri.
His father Pinto D’Costa was a circus artiste at Kamala Circus, Hyderabad. He performed motorcycle and globe (Maut Ka Kuan) stunts. “When I was three to four years, I started doing small acts in the circus. However, it never caught my interest. I was more interested in music, especially playing drums,” said D’Costa, adding that his father passed away when he was only eight years. Being the eldest son he had to support his mother and younger siblings with a salary of Rs 325 as a live drummer.
At the age of 16, he joined Jupiter Circus in West Bengal, a branch of Kamala Circus. After six years, he shifted to Apollo Circus and went abroad on a contract to perform for two years in Malaysia and Sri Lanka. After he came back, he worked with Apollo Circus in Chennai for about seven years.
D’Costa got married at the age of 32 to a teacher. The couple settled down in Delhi. “Things were going well and I was enjoying my work. However, when we had our child, a daughter, my wife suggested I should change my career to give her a good future, which made sense to me as well. Fortunately, a British lady, who had seen me drumming, offered me a job of a live musician in a five-star hotel in the capital, I grabbed the opportunity,” recalled D’Costa, adding that their daughter, now 28, is settled in Australia with her husband. He added, “Although I had got busy with my new life and career, I was missing circus and its people – where I belonged and felt most connected.”
After D’Costa lost his wife to cancer about seven years ago, he couldn’t come to terms with loneliness. “Financially, there was no problem. Daughter had got married and was well-settled; I only had to fend for myself. However, the loneliness at home was killing me slowly,” he said, adding, “One day, while travelling in a bus in the capital, I saw the hoarding of the Great Bombay Circus. Something pushed me to visit it in the evening. As I went around the circus and met the artistes, I gained my lost happiness. To my luck, the owner wanted me to join the circus, I couldn’t say no. The rest, they say, is history. I am back to my roots, continued…

Darren Lehmann backs Michael Clarke to play AdelaideTestBy: Reuters | Melbourne |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:06 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:07 pm
Australia captain Michael Clarke retains a chance of playing in next week’s first Test against India but must prove his fitness with a positive training session, coach Darren Lehmann said on Friday.
Clarke has struggled with a third hamstring injury in three months, with his latest rehabilitation disrupted by the tragic death of team mate Phillip Hughes .
Lehmann said Clarke would join the squad in Adelaide later on Friday, and would be back in training the following day.
“As long as he’s fine to do the running and can bat (he’ll play),” Lehmann told reporters in Adelaide.
“We’ll get him batting tomorrow(on Saturday) and see how he goes. It’ll be case of if he’s fine, he’ll play. We’ll just have to wait and see.
“We’ll be guided by medical staff, the captain himself, selectors. We’ll get together and assess what the plan is tomorrow(on Saturday).”
Following Hughes’ funeral in his home-town of Macksville , New South Wales on Wednesday, 33-year-old Clarke stayed with the family for a private cremation on Thursday.
Lehmann wrote in a newspaper column that grieving players would be granted leave to miss the first Test of the four-match series if they did not feel up to it.
He told reporters there were contingencies in place if anyone dropped out, but was tight-lipped about them.
“Only time will tell but I’m sure they will be fine,” he said. “They are looking forward to getting out there and playing cricket.”
Batsman Hughes died in hospital two days after being severely injured by a short-pitched delivery, prompting a debate about whether they should be banned or limited further.
Lehmann said he fully expected players in the first Test, starting on Tuesday, to face a bouncer at some stage.
“It is a case of getting back to what they want to do and that’s playing cricket,” he added.

37 dead in successive car bomb attacks in Kirkuk BaghdadPrint
Small restaurants are engulfed in flames after a car bomb attack in the Shiite district of Sadr City, Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. A string of car bomb attacks across Iraq killed and wounded scores of people, authorities said. (Source:AP)
By: Associated Press | Baghdad |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:03 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 10:53 am
A string of car bomb attacks across Iraq killed at least 37 people on December 4, Iraqi officials said. Three of the attacks targeted Shiite districts in the capital, Baghdad, while the fourth targeted a Kurdish neighborhood in the oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk.
Police officials said the first attack targeted a line of small restaurants in the Shiite district of Sadr City Thursday night, killing 11 people and wounding 25 others.
Minutes later, a second car bomb blast near an outdoor market in the same district killed seven people and wounded 21 others.
Later on, a bomb exploded near a restaurant in Baghdad’s Shiite northern neighborhood of Shaab, killing three people and wounding 12 others.
In the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, a car bomb attack near a cafe killed 16 people, said deputy chief of the Kirkuk police, Maj. Gen. Torhan Abdul-Rahman Youssef.
The blast took place in a Kurdish district in the city, 290 kilometers (180 miles) north of Baghdad.
Medics in a nearby hospital confirmed the causalities. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media.
Iraq sees near-daily bombings and other attacks mainly targeting Shiite neighborhoods and security forces. The attacks are often claimed by the Sunni extremist Islamic State group which seized much of northern and western Iraq in a summer offensive.

Music always my first love: G.V. PrakashKumarBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:03 pm
Southern composer G.V Prakash Kumar, who recently turned actor with Tamil horror comedy ‘Darling’ , says that music will always be his first love and it won’t take a backseat due to his acting commitments.
“Acting won’t stop me from composing. In fact, I have over half a dozen films to compose in my kitty. Music is keeping me busy. It will always be my first love,” Prakash told IANS.
He enjoys composing because he feels “it’s about creation.” “It lets you start everything from scratch. Composing is about letting your imaginations fly until you create something new. There’s so much high I get out of it,” he said.
‘Darling’ will release next year while Prakash, who took acting classes from actor Naren, also has ‘Pencil’ and ‘Trisha Illana Nayantara’ in the offing.
About acting, he says that it’s about finding “balance and control”. “In acting, neither can you exaggerate not be too subtle. I think acting is about finding the right balance and control while performing,” he said.

Rahul leads  silent protestUpdated: December 5, 2014 12:16 IST
Rahul leads 'silent protest'
Tweet
The Hindu
Congress MPs, led by party vice president Rahul Gandhi seen during a protest at the Parliament House in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: V.Sudershan

Above Rs 100  Sintex may test Rs 115: Gaurav BissaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Above Rs 100, Sintex may test Rs 115: Gaurav Bissa
Gaurav Bissa of LKP Securities is of the view that Sintex Industries may move to Rs 110-115 if the stock stays above Rs 100.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Gaurav Bissa of LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Sintex Industries as a stock has been consolidating in the range of Rs 88-100. Now it is seen to be moving up to the range. Currently the stock is quoting near the upper end of the range; there is no sign of exhaustion as yet. It is trading above its short-term averages and short-term crossovers were seen getting built."
"For long-term, target it is pretty much high, if it is sustaining at Rs 100, it can go up to Rs 110-115 in a short span of time," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in the stock but it is possible that he may have recommended the same to our clients at LKP.
RELATED NEWS

Shreyas Shipping enters into MOA for purchase of one vesselDec 05, 2014, 11.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shreyas Shipping enters into MOA for purchase of one vessel
Shreyas Shipping & Logistics Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for purchase of one vessel M. V. OEL GUJARAT. The size of the vessel is 1613 teus and the delivery is expected in the month of January, 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shreyas Shipping enters into MOA for purchase of one vessel
Shreyas Shipping & Logistics Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for purchase of one vessel M. V. OEL GUJARAT. The size of the vessel is 1613 teus and the delivery is expected in the month of January, 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
Shreyas Shipping & Logistics Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for purchase of one vessel M. V. OEL GUJARAT. The size of the vessel is 1613 teus and the delivery is expected in the month of January, 2015.Source : BSE

RIL inches up after signing MoU with PEMEXThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gati shares surge 3.5 per cent ahead of board meetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil Extends Losses; Brent Tumbles Below $70 a Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GAIL (India) s subsidiary signs gas sale and purchase agreement with US-based WGL Midstream Inc.Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SBI cuts Rates Of Retail Term DepositsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Chokehold death of a black man  accused white officer not chargedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dolly Varden Silver Announces 2014 Drill Results: Including 25.95 m Averaging 712.19 Grams of Silver per Tonne (g/t Ag)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bullish on financials  prefer Tata Motors: Mayuresh JoshiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bullish on financials, prefer Tata Motors: Mayuresh Joshi
Mayuresh Joshi, VP- Institution at Angel Broking has a bullish stance on financial space and prefers Tata Motors.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Mayuresh Joshi, VP- Institution at Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "From a fundamental perspective more or less our take has been that we were very bullish on financials. We continue to maintain our old positions on that. On IT stocks specifically, Infosys  and HCL Technologies  are something we still like. There is substantial amount of earnings growth left in a counter like HCL Tech and similarly for Infosys as well."
"So, financials, IT stocks and select auto stocks, something like Tata Motors  and Maruti Suzuki India  are something that we like. So, we are advising investors to hold on to their positions that we had already recommended. The earnings plague would continue for these stocks going forward as well," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Sureshot!!! buy unitech @ 19.20 for a target of 19.90 today....huge up...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pyaar ka har lamha sunder hai  kya pas kya door. good luck tiger  may ...New Member
9 Followers
No not today, operators seem to control the direction of water flow. The moment they see too many diving in they change the direction of flow. Meanwhile i too have entered in, albeit on boat.
In reply to : _Chandra_ message
2.38 PM Dec 5th

Hahahahah nice question.Platinum Member
214 Followers
Where were u since morning ? Busy in official works !I have finished 7/8 paper works and explained to my junior officers regarding generation and evacuation of Electrical power..Also writing in mmb.
In reply to : mylo message
12.37 PM Dec 5th

Buy transamp trans for a target of 1020  stop loss- 675Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Norms for e-rickshaw driving licence easedNorms for e-rickshaw driving licence eased
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
The government today approved relaxation in norms for e-rickshaw drivers, paving the way for the battery-operated vehicles to ply on national capital roads, which were banned by the Delhi High Court on safety concerns.
“Cabinet has approved relaxation in norms for driving licences for e-rickshaw drivers,” a source said after the Cabinet meeting here.
“The norms have been relaxed for issuing licences for e-rickshaw drivers. The provision that no person shall be granted a learner’s licence to drive a commercial vehicle unless he or she has held a driving licence for light motor vehicle for at least one year has been waived,” another source said.
E-rickshaw is a legal entity and any driver passing the driving test would now be granted a licence, he added.
The government in October had notified the rules for plying of e-rickshaws making driver’s licence mandatory for operating them and limiting the maximum speed to 25 km per hour.
The government had notified the Central Motor Vehicles (Sixteenth Amendment) Rules, 2014, which paves the way for plying of “special purpose battery operated vehicles”.
The new rules provide that e-rickshaw will be allowed to carry four passengers and 40 kg luggage while e-carts would transport goods up to 310 kg.
The Delhi High Court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying “prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens“.
The rules define E-rickshaw as a special purpose battery operated vehicle “having three wheels and intended to provide last mile connectivity for transport of passengers for hire or reward“.
These vehicles are “constructed or adapted to carry not more than four passengers, excluding the driver, and not more than 40 kgs luggage in total; the netpower of its motor is not more than 2000 W and the maximum speed of the vehicle is not more than 25 kilometer per hour“.
“Every driving licence issued or renewed by a licensing authority to drive an e-rickshaw or e-cart shall be valid for a period of not more than three years from the date of issue, as the case may be, or till the validity of the driving licence, whichever is earlier,” the notification has said.
Last month Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari had said the government was serious about resumption of battery- operated vehicles on Delhi roads.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Lead falls by 0.2% on overseas trendLead falls by 0.2% on overseas trend
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Lead weakened by 0.24% to Rs 125.95 per kg in futures trading today as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak trend in global markets and subdued domestic demand.
Market analysts said besides a weak trend in base metals at the London Metal Exchange, subdued demand from battery makers in the domestic spot market put pressure on lead prices at futures trade.
At the Multi Commodity exchange, lead for delivery in December declined by 30 paise, or 0.24%, to Rs 125.95 per kg in a business turnover of 199 lots.

Copper down by 0.3% on weak global cuesCopper down by 0.3% on weak global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 11:50 AM IST
Copper futures fell 0.34% to Rs 406.40 per kg today as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak trend in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, copper for delivery in April next year declined by Rs 1.40, or 0.34%, to Rs 406.40 per kg in a business turnover of 2 lots.
The metal for delivery in February fell by Re 1, or 0.25%, to Rs 402.90 per kg in a business volume of 2 lots.
Analysts said a weakening trend in select base metals at the London Metal Exchange (LME) and subdued demand at domestic spot markets mainly put pressure on copper prices at futures trade here.
Globally, copper for delivery in three-months traded 0.3% lower at $6,453.75 per tonne at the LME, while in Shanghai the metal for February delivery rose 0.4% to 45,990 yuan ($7,476) a tonne.

This year set to be warmest on recordThis year on course to be warmest on record
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95c1bd64-7ada-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jaitley for more global cooperation to check tax evasion  smugglingNew Delhi, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 11:57 IST
Jaitley for more global cooperation to check tax evasion, smuggling
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that “free trade remains fair trade”. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Calling upon revenue intelligence agencies to enhance cooperation with their global counterparts to check tax evasion and smuggling, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said free trade should also mean fair trade.
Although the fiscal incentives for financial malpractices have come down over the years, the Minister said revenue intelligence officials must increase global cooperation to “check tax evasion and smuggling”.
While inaugurating the 2nd Regional Customs Enforcement conference in New Delhi, the Minister stressed that effective steps to curb tax evasion and avoidance are necessary to ensure that “free trade remains fair trade”.
Mr. Jaitley also called upon revenue intelligence officials to increase the use of technology and develop the ability to read between the lines to check financial malpractices.
The dynamics of revenue intelligence would continue to evolve with changing times, he said, adding “world is obliterating the distinction between tax evasion and tax avoidance”.
He said there was a time when the incentive for tax evasion and smuggling was high. However, with the decline in tax rates, tariffs and duties, the “incentive for (financial malpractices) is going down”.
India has been vociferously raising the issues concerning tax evasion and avoidance at several international meetings, especially at the G-20 deliberations.

Samsung mobile executives to exit after profit slideSamsung mobile executives to exit after continued slide in profits, says source
Se Young Lee     Seoul   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 12:57 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Three deputies to the head of Samsung Electronics' mobile division are leaving as the world's largest smartphone maker faces a rapid decline in profit, a person with knowledge of the matter said on Thursday.
The source, who spoke on conditions of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter, said the executives directly report to division chief JK Shin, who this week retained his post despite sagging smartphone sales and expectations the South-Korean tech company will see its worst annual profit in three years in 2014.
The departures included global marketing chief DJ Lee, the source said, confirming earlier media reports.
Samsung declined to say if any executives were leaving the company as it announced its annual reshuffle for executive-level staff.
However, the announcement showed Samsung had made 165 executive-level promotions, the lowest number in at least four years, underscoring the strains the conglomerate is under.
"Shin was given another chance, given his past contributions, but he will definitely continue to feel the pressure going forward," said IBK Securities analyst Lee Seung-woo ahead of Samsung Electronics' staff announcement.
Samsung's share of the smartphone market has fallen year-on-year for the last three quarters, squeezed by China-based rivals like Xiaomi at the low-end and Apple 's iPhones in the premium segment.
Samsung Electronics is expected to announce its annual business reorganisation plan by next week.
The tech major has kept mum about the details, but the Joongang Ilbo newspaper reported earlier that Samsung will reduce executive-level positions for its mobile communications business by 25 per cent. Other media reported the company could hive off its medical equipment business.
In its second exit from a non-core business this quarter, Samsung earlier this week said it will sell its fibre optics business to US speciality glass maker Corning.
(Reuters)

Fearless pilot pulls off an incredible stuntFearless pilot touches ground with wing
by Rumble 0:19 mins
25,300 views
The director of aerobatic flight team 'Escuadrilla Argentina de Acrobacia Aerea', also known as 'Hangar del Cielo', pulls off an extremely dangerous low pass stunt in Argentina as he manages to touch the ground with his plane's wing. Check it out!
Link

Carbon market chief denounces EU policyLast updated: December 4, 2014 5:09 pm
Carbon market chief denounces European policy
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2cb5d34a-7b8f-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Digital infidelity leading to rise in marital discordBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:32 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 4:33 pm
Digital relationships are resulting in the collapse of family ties, it would seem.
As more and more youngsters and newly-weds are logging on to e-relationships, family life appears to be indulging more and more in what is being called ‘digital infidelity’.
The virus has apparently left many a couple looking for solutions and programmes to reboot their matrimonial life, said CRISP president Kumar Jahgirdar.
Bangalore-based NGO Child Rights Initiative for Shared Parenting (CRISP) is working for gender neutral family laws.
“We keep getting a lot of complaints on infidelity from the spouses who indulge in cheating by having an extra-marital affair,” Jahgirdar told IANS on the phone.
He said now the digital world, via social media or smartphone, is more responsible for this unnatural intimacy.
“The victims, mostly husbands, often show us how the spouse is communicating frequently with a stranger through SMS, email, Facebook, whatsapp and the like, using filthy text. Most often they will end up indulging in adultery,” he said.
And adultery, he said, is often cited as grounds for divorce.
But there is a difference between infidelity and adultery. In infidelity there can be cheating by avoiding the partner and even an emotional affair. But adultery is the physical act of sexual intimacy with someone who is not the spouse of the individual.
Under the law, adultery is a criminal offence defined in section 497 of the Indian Penal Code, whereas digital infidelity doesn’t amount to guilt.
A new study by researchers at the University of Indiana found that Facebook users in relationships frequently use the site to keep in touch with “back-burners” – exes or platonic friends they know they could connect with romantically should their current relationships go south.
Men have back-burners at roughly twice the rate of women, the study found. But among both genders, the practice is widespread: On an average, respondents in relationships said they had romantic or sexual conversations with two people, besides their current partner.
Swarup Sarkar, founder of the Delhi chapter of NGO Save Family Foundation, said the western trend of a ‘fall-back’ male partner on standby is fast catching up in India.
“Thirty to 35 percent of the cases, on an average, are from men who are complaining about their wives cheating them. In most of the recent cases, digital relationships with other men leads to a rise in matrimonial discord,” Sarkar told IANS.
According to Jahgirdar, the upcoming urban trend to keep a ‘full-back’ partner, who may to be an old friend, a colleague or an acquaintance through cyberspace is a worrying sign.
“To check this upcoming relationship trend, we recommend changes in the laws and make adultery laws gender neutral since such crimes can happen in either gender,” he added.
According to a recent survey by OnePoll.com, almost half the women in a relationship have a ‘Plan B’, in the shape of a man whose arms they can run into if their current relationship turns sour.

World s fastest camera can capture up to 100 billion frames per secondDec 04, 2014 at 05:31pm IST
World's fastest camera can capture up to 100 billion frames per second
35
7
Washington: In a breakthrough, researchers have developed the world's fastest 2D camera that can capture events up to 100 billion frames per second.
The camera is faster than any current receive-only ultrafast imaging techniques, which are limited by on-chip storage and electronic readout speed to operations of about 10 million frames per second, researchers said.
Researchers at the Washington University used a technique called compressed ultrafast photography (CUP) to make movies of the images they took with single laser shots of four physical phenomena: laser pulse reflection, refraction, faster-than light propagation of what is called non-information, and photon racing in two media.
This camera is a series of devices envisioned to work with high-powered microscopes and telescopes to capture dynamic natural and physical phenomena.
#worlds fastest camera #fastest camera #cameras
"For the first time, humans can see light pulses on the fly," Lihong Wang, Distinguished Professor of Biomedical Engineering, said.
"Because this technique advances the imaging frame rate by orders of magnitude, we now enter a new regime to open up new visions," said Wang.
This camera is a series of devices envisioned to work with high-powered microscopes and telescopes to capture dynamic natural and physical phenomena.
Once the raw data are acquired, the actual images are formed on a personal computer; the technology is known as computational imaging.
An immediate application of the camera is in biomedicine. It can be used to detect diseases or reflect cellular environmental conditions like pH or oxygen pressure. Wang envisions applications in astronomy, tracking and predicting the movements of thousands of potentially hazardous pieces of "space junk."
In forensics, CUP might be used in reproducing bullet pathways, which could once again open up the assassination conspiracy theories about former US president John F Kennedy and revive a more accurate analysis of the strange physics of the "magic bullet," researchers said.
CUP photographs an object with a speciality camera lens, which takes the photons from the object on a journey through a tube-like structure to a marvellous tiny apparatus called a digital micro-mirror device (DMD), smaller than a dime though hosting about 1 million micro-mirrors, each one just seven by seven microns squared.
There, micro-mirrors are used to encode the image, then reflect the photons to a beam splitter which shoots the photons to the widened slit of a streak camera. The photons are converted to electrons, which are then sheared with the use of two electrodes, converting time to space.
The electrodes apply a voltage that ramps from high to low, so the electrons will arrive at different times and land at different vertical positions.
An instrument called a charge-coupled device (CCD) stores all the raw data. All of this occurs at the breathtaking pace of 5 nanoseconds. One nanosecond is a billionth of a second. The research appears in the journal Nature.
76

Ranbir Kapoor  Anushka Sharma auction costumes to raise funds for charityBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 6:19 pm
Bollywood actors Ranbir Kapoor and Anushka Sharma who will be seen together in upcoming film, ‘Bombay Velvet’, have auctioned their costumes in order to raise funds for the redevelopment of flood ravaged Kashmir and Assam by seeking bids for a charity auction on eBay.
Customers can bid for Ranbir Kapoor’s Kashmiri pheran from his film, ‘Rockstar’ and Anushka Sharma’s leather jacket from Yash Raj film, ‘Jab Tak Hai Jaan’. The charity auction begins on December 4, 2014 and will be live till December 13, 2014.
“I feel honoured to be able to contribute towards supporting the redevelopment of Kashmir and Assam through the charity auction run by eBay India and EEMA. I encourage people to participate in this noble cause and help all those in need,” said Ranbir Kapoor.
Anushka Sharma also expressed her views saying, “The floods in Kashmir and Assam were heart-wrenching events and my heart goes out to all those affected due to this calamity. I feel privileged to be able to contribute towards the redevelopment of these states and their citizens. I encourage all my fans to participate in this auction and help raise funds to support the cause.”

Moby Downsizes With Smaller $2.9M Estate
Action Jackson review: This one is strictly for Ajay Devgn fansCast: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, Yami Gautam, Manasvi Mamgai and Anand Raj
Rating: 1.5/5
Yet another mindless action-comedy hits theatres on December 5. Prabhudheva's fifth directorial venture in Bollywood, Action Jackson has every ingredient his films have -- mindless story, gravity-defying action, cliched dialogues and funny-looking villains.
  
Three's company: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, and director Prabhu Deva enjoy some funtime at a promotional event for Action Jackson in Mumbai on October 27, 2014. (AFP Photo)
What's so funny, Sonakshi Sinha?
Ajay Devgn listens intently to a fan at a promotional event for Action Jackson in Mumbai on October 27, 2014. (AFP Photo)
Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha attend a promotional event for Action Jackson. (AFP Photo)
SPOILERS AHEAD
The film is about Vishi (Ajay Devgn) who is a small goon in his area but is good at heart (just like all of our heroes are). He loves beating up people to the tunes of music beats and mixes dancing with action sequences. Not weird enough? Add to that a girl Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha) who bumps into him in the changing room of a mall to see him naked. And this girl starts stalking him simply so she can see him naked again. Does that disgust you? You should wait till you know the reason -- Khushi is a clumsy girl who is believed to be unlucky and she thinks that seeing naked Ajay Devgn brings her good luck! Imagine more than fifteen minutes of a film with the heroine chasing the hero around so she can see him naked and get lucky enough to marry a guy from the US, America as she dreamily says! 
So we see Vishi being chased by everyone around -- right from the local cops to well suited-booted goons and even a don sitting in Bangkok (Xavier played by Anand Raj)! Of course we don't know the reason, not at least for more than an hour into the film. It is then revealed that Vishi resembles an extremely skilled criminal Jai aka AJ. Ohk, then. So lives of the two Ajay Devgns clash and drama begins. How the duo win over the ever-scheming, superbly cunning villains is the story of Action Jackson. 
The story of Action Jackson has little new to offer except, maybe for the vamp. Manasvi Mamgai plays Xavier's sister who is crazily in love with AJ - Devgn. And she literally is CRAZY. Even her first shot in the movie, we see a girl surrounded by tens of goons in a den. The girl is beaten rashly and is tied to a chair as one of the men letches and advances towards her. Right then, Devgn makes his entry and Manasvi doesn't even take a minute to change from the girl cringing under the men's advances to a woman drooling over AJ's body! Dear Manasvi, you were good as the model. Even later in the movie, she is seen as a fierce woman who cannot handle the rejection of a man. 
The background music in Action Jackson seems to have been lifted straight from Sony's hit horror show Aahat. But every time she comes onscreen, the movie changes its genre from an action-comedy to horror. She always has her hair weirdly done all over her face and there is a certain dark tint to the frame whenever she is onscreen! 
Watch Action Jackson review
Kunal Roy Kapur makes for an interesting comic relief in the movie that can otherwise easily be categorised as a nonsensical film. Roy does not explore any new thing and continues to harp on his image of a fat boy but he does it well. Playing the literal punching bag of Ajay Devgn as his close friend, Kunal manages to bring tickle the funny bones of the audience. 
With Action Jackson, Ajay Devgn seems to have had a blast. We haven't seen him enjoy as much onscreen as he does in the film that also stars Sonakshi Sinha. Be it making fun of Sinha or aping Prabhudheva's dance steps or mouthing cliched dialogues, Ajay seems to be having the fun of his life doing it all. And that is what lessens the pain of watching a mindless film as Action Jackson. 
The screenplay has its own glitches -- often one of the main characters disappears from the narrative and we are not even told later what happened with him/her in the meanwhile.
To put it briefly, watch Action Jackson if you are a Prabhudheva or Ajay Devgn fan, because otherwise there isn't a single dialogue you haven't heard and this is one of the films where they say 'Do not take your brains to the theatres'.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

China chides Australia over climate fundChina chides Australia over climate fund
By Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ebf7852-7bef-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhis Rs 1-cr Facebook catch savours her chanceGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
At Ayodhya Enclave in Rohini’s Sector-13, a query about where to find Deepali Adlakha promptly sends you up a dimly-lit staircase to the second floor. The 21-year old student from IIT-Bombay has become a celebrity in the neighborhood after news spread of her first job with a salary that first jobs are not know to pay: Rs 1.4 crore a year in cash and options at Facebook in the US.
Inside the two-bedroom flat, Deepali’s mother Lalita — who teaches in a government school — is sorting vegetables in the room that was Deepali’s before she went to Mumbai to study computer science. The room is now her younger brother Abhishek’s.
“Deepali’s nurtured all her dreams and aspirations studying in this room,” Lalita told Newsline, pointing to the modest space.
Speaking to Newsline over the phone from Mumbai, Deepali said her stint at the IIT was the “best time of her life”. “If I’m asked to live these four years again, I would love to. I got to do a variety of things here. I became more social and confident and made great friends,” she said.
Mother Lalita comes from Rewari in Haryana, whereas Deepali’s father, Sanjay Adlakha, is from Uttar Pradesh’s Badayun district. Their origins may be humble but they say they wanted to give the children the best education.”
“We wanted our children to have the opportunities that we did not get. Luckily, Deepali was bright and focused since childhood,” Lalita said.
Deepali always set high goals and gave her “100 per cent” to achieve them, the mother said. Her teachers at Lancers’ Convent were also very supportive, she said.
In her second year, Deepali travelled abroad for the first time — to Germany. Her third-year internship was in the US, where she went to Facebook office for a “site visit”. She did not then know it would become her workplace soon.
“I knew then that I would give my best to be here. My focus was on the top three firms — Google, Microsoft and Facebook. I wanted a placement in the US office of any of these companies,” Deepali said.
Deepali said she is, however, bothered by all the attention the “three top packages” have drawn. She said she has been getting calls from IIT aspirants and their parents on how one gets such high packages.
“My base salary is Rs 65 lakh. Another 20 lakh is the joining bonus. The rest is in stock option paid after five years. So the impression that I will get about Rs 1.42 crore is exaggerated,” she said, deflecting attention.
TAGS: IIT Bombay Jobs And Education
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

PPF back to being popular on higher investment ceilingThe great Indian sale
Deposits in public provident fund (PPF) have witnessed a 50 per cent year-on-year rise in October, which shows that the enhanced investment limit has made the scheme attractive for small investors.
Data from the finance ministry reveals that deposits to the PPF have been steadily on the rise since July to Rs 8,495.16 crore by October 30 as against Rs 5,532.61 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
This has also given a boost to the National Small Savings Fund (NSSF) where all deposits under small savings schemes are credited and is used as a source of financing for states and the Centre.
The data reveals that deposits to the NSSF have shot up to Rs 25,040.87 crore in the first seven months of the fiscal, overshooting the Budget Estimate of a mere Rs 1.96 crore.
“The PPF was always a good investment option. For the past few years, small savings seemed to have lost their lustre but now with the higher investment limit, contributions seem to have got a boost,” said an official familiar with the matter.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley had announced in his Budget 2014-15 speech that the tax deduction limit under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961, would be increased by Rs 50,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh annually.
Continued curbs on gold have also worked towards encouraging retail investors to park savings in PPF and other formal investment avenues.
“Last year, too, there was a jump in investments to the PPF but we still did not meet the Budget target. This fiscal, we are keeping our fingers crossed. While contributions to the PPF have increased, it is only in the last quarter that they see a big push,” said the official.
The interest rate on PPF is higher at 8.7 per cent compared to bank deposits and most other small savings products, he pointed out.
The Centre has set a target of Rs 26,531.11 crore from PPF this fiscal of which it has achieved 32 per cent between April and October 2014. In 2013-14, contributions to the PPF amounted to Rs 19,085.38 crore or 73 per cent of the revised target of Rs 26,010.90 crore. The Budget Estimate for 2013-14 was even higher at Rs 28,570 crore.
“With a higher investment limit, it is obvious that the contributions will see a jump. Also the PPF is one of the best investment options in the current scenario and is under the EEE tax regime,” pointed out Sunil Sinha, director, India Ratings.
However, despite the re-launch of the Kisan Vikas Patra, interest in savings deposits and certificates has not been encouraging.
In the six-month period ending October, only Rs 415.93 crore have been deposited in these instruments as against Rs 3,029.42 crore during the corresponding period a year ago.
SMALL SAVINGS 
* The Centre has set a target of Rs 26,531.11 crore from PPF this fiscal between April and October
* In the full fiscal 2013-14, contributions to the PPF amounted to Rs 19,085.38 crore
* But investor interest in savings deposits and certificates has not been encouraging
* In the six-month period ending October, only Rs 415.93 crore has been deposited as against Rs 3,029.42 crore in the year-ago period
TAGS: PPF Provident Fund
More from personalfinance

Why bond yields are falling despite no rate cuts from RBIBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Yields on 10-year Government of India bonds have dropped to 7.97 per cent, below the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) benchmark “repo” rate of 8 per cent. Harish Damodaran explains the significance of this in the backdrop of recent developments in the domestic bond market.
Why are bonds so hot now? Foreign institutional investors, for instance, have poured in $25.3 billion into India’s debt markets so far this year, as against just $ 16.5 billion of net equity purchases…
Bonds are essentially fixed-income securities offering investors an interest rate (coupon) along the original principal on maturity. Returns on Indian bonds are amongst the highest in the world today. The last auction of 10-year government security on November 28 fetched a yield of 8.1 per cent, which, on a consumer price inflation of 6 per cent, translates into a real return of over 2 per cent. For global investors, an 8 per cent return is great, especially when the rupee isn’t particularly vulnerable to depreciation (unlike last year) and 10-year bond yields are ruling at 0.4 per cent in Japan, 0.75 per cent in Germany and 2.3 per cent in the US. It makes good business to borrow overseas in dollars or yen and invest in rupee-denominated Indian bonds. The best time for this is now — before RBI starts cutting policy interest rates.
Given that, why is the 10-year bond yield dropping below the repo rate such a big deal?
The repo rate is what RBI charges for overnight, i.e. one-day maturity, lending to banks. Normally, short-term interest rates are below long-term rates. This results in an upward sloping “yield curve”, reflecting higher yields for longer-term investments. What we are now seeing is the reverse, with the cost of 10-year money being higher than that of one-day money. An “inverted” yield curve, in other words.
What does this signal?
An inverted yield curve is usually associated with an impending recession. When short-term interest rates exceed long-term rates, it points to lack of lending opportunities for projects that take into account prospects for the economy beyond the immediate future. If that outlook is poor, nobody would want to borrow for the long-term and the demand for funds is limited to the short end of the market.
This may, however, be an exaggerated view in the present circumstances. The inverted yield curve in this case seems artificial, having more to do with a deliberate RBI move to keep policy rates high.
That surely needs explaining.
Since September 30, when RBI presented its last monetary policy review, yields on 10-year government bonds have fallen from 8.51 to 7.97 per cent and touching 7.94 per cent in intra-day trade on Wednesday, the lowest levels since July 19, 2013. This has happened despite RBI keeping its repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent. The repo rate was 8 per cent even when 10-year yields hit a high of 9.1 per cent this year on April 7. If market bond yields are falling with an unchanged repo rate, it suggests a deliberate central bank policy to push short-term rates higher, generating an artificial inverted yield curve.
But why are bond yields falling and why is RBI apparently not factoring this while keeping its policy rates unchanged?
Yields declines take place when there is expectation of interest rates falling. It results in high demand for bonds that were issued at high coupons. As high demand pushes up bond prices, their yields drop correspondingly – to even below the original coupon rates. For illustration, consider a bond with 10 per cent coupon bought at an issue price of Rs 1,000. The annual yield-to-maturity in this case is 10 per cent (100/1000). But if the bond price shoots up to Rs 1,200, the yield falls to 8.33 per cent (100/1200).
The bond yield declines now taking place are simply on account of the markets factoring in interest rate cuts — which they see as inevitable in a context of global crude prices crashing and reinforcing bearish pressures on other commodities as well. The RBI, however, wants more conclusive evidence of the “ongoing disinflationary impulses” being real and durable.
Is this the first time we are seeing an inverted yield curve?
No, this happened last year, too, when RBI raised lending rates under its marginal standing facility as part of exceptional liquidity tightening measures aimed at defending the rupee. The idea behind hiking the cost of short-term borrowings, then, was to deter speculators who were allegedly using these to accumulate dollars and “short” the rupee. But today, there is no such threat. And with inflation clearly on a downward trajectory, there is simply no reason for RBI to keep policy rates high for too long. At least, that’s what the markets believe.
TAGS: RBI
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

ABB sees India as export hub | Russia s big diamond gift to IndiaI see India's role as an export hub, says ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer
By Satish John , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.50AM IST
"It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves alot of attention from our side," says Ulrich Spiesshofer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ABB global CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer , 50, is on a mission to change the way the global leader in power to automation does business. India is the largest engineering hub for ABB worldwide, with about 4,000 engineers and will play a key role in its future, he said in an interview to ET. Those employees include the 1,200 in its R&D centre, which ABB plans to leverage to tap markets in Africa and elsewhere for affordable micro power grids, locomotive technology and other segments, the German national said on a day in which the ABB India stock surged 20% before ending at Rs 1,315.05, up 13%.
Spiesshofer, who is changing the organisational structure in ABB, is eyeing opportunities in India in locomotives and renewables as the country looks to modernise its electricity network and put in place infrastructure for smart cities. Edited excerpts:
On India Expectations
There is a very large and strong home market.
There are some underlying dynamics both in the power and automation side of our business which will allow us to participate in the market very strongly and I see India's role as an export hub . It will grow into the next level in the next couple of years. So altogether India deserves a lot of attention from our side.
On Opportunities In Power
ABB is into power and automation.
There is a big shift that's happening in the generation side. In the future, one can expect much more activity from the renewables generation side. ABB has the strongest offering in solar energy.
We'll continue to invest there.
We've localised some of the activities and we're ideally placed in the segment. In the utilities space, we need to bring power to the consumption side. Renewables mean longer distances. We need to have low loss, higher distribution.
Look at the consumption side of it.
Over 300 million Indians are without access to electricity. There are two options to reach electricity to them. It can be either through the conventional way or through micro-grids where you can take solar or wind energy and combine them with storage and distribute them.
We are driving it very aggressively.
If you take agriculture, most countries consume about 2% of the electricity that is generated. In India, agriculture consumes more than 20%. This is only because of very inefficient irrigation systems.
We have developed solar pumps in India, where we have solar panels and water pumps that exist close to each other and then you engage in irrigation in a much more responsible way. So for me, the utility sector, the electricity value chains are opportunities that are very demanding.
Another emerging opportunity is in the transportation and infrastructure space. The government is talking about setting up more than 100 smart cities. There is a lot of investment in transport.
Page 1 of 3

Logistics firms build up capabilityto cater to e-commerceelectronic commerce
Most players are gearing up to improve their last mile connectivity and cater to customer requirements like returns, trials and cash on delivery.
Growth in online shopping has prompted logistics companies to build efficiencies to handle demanding tasks for the e-commerce industry. Grappling with the challenges thrown by this sector, logistics firms, especially those catering to e-commerce, are expanding their distribution coverage and upgrading IT infrastructure apart from training people to ensure timely delivery.
“Most players are gearing up to improve their last mile connectivity and cater to customer requirements like returns, trials and cash on delivery. There also has been a strong emphasis to set up fulfilment centres either on their own or outsourced to third parties across all points of presence,” said Ritesh Chandra, Executive Director and Head of Consumer Group, Avendus Capital.
Most logistics service providers have focused on delivering superior customer experience.
“We have made investments in the back office and sales teams to leverage on this opportunity. We have beefed up our IT systems so as to ensure 24/7 tracking of consignments, the software is user-friendly and tailor-made for each client ensuring complete integration. We have invested in modern tools in line with the international practices in warehousing, and are in the process of setting up new capacities,” said Patel Integrated Logistics Vice-Chairman Areef Patel. Professionals with rich experience in the field are being hired to customise solutions for different e-commerce customers.
According to experts, some of the major challenges faced by the sector include scarcity of trained manpower, especially in Tier II/ III cities. Retention and subsequent training are also challenging.
“Most players are facing the challenge of planning their branch network in the most optimum manner to be economically viable. Availability of good branch locations is also a challenge. Availability of economical space on airlines is also becoming a concern with higher volumes,” said Mr Chandra.

Oppn parties join hands to floor govt in ParliamentOppn parties join hands to floor govt in Parliament
Saubhadra Chatterji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 00:18 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:40 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
Major opposition parties have buried their differences to organise a sit-in at the Parliament complex on Friday in an unprecedented show of unity against the NDA government and “their voice being stifled in the Lok Sabha”.
The Congress, the Trinamool Congress, the Left parties and  the Aam Aadmi Party are part of the mega protest, with socialist stalwarts like Mulayam Singh Yadav and Lalu Prasad — who are busy shaping the Janata Parivar merger — expected to attend.
As a symbolic gesture, the protesters will wear black badges, sources said. Parties have individually held demonstrations near Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in Parliament over different issues in the past, but this will be the first joint protest where arch-rivals like the Congress and AAP or the Left and Trinamool will sit together.
“This protest is not about any individual party as the entire Opposition’s voice is being stifled in the Lok Sabha,” Trinamool’s parliamentary party chief Sudip Bandopadhyay told HT.
 
Opposition sources said they wanted Prime Minister Modi to make a statement in the Lok Sabha on Union minister Niranjan Jyoti’s invective-laden comments, which would establish their clout in the Lower House where they are in a minority. 
 “The Lok Sabha is not about the majority members and their wishes. Plus, we also want to hear what the PM has to say about his minister’s provocative comments,” said CPI(M) leader MB Rajesh.
Government sources, however, said the Congress breached an informal arrangement to resume Parliament proceedings on Thursday following the PM’s statement in Rajya Sabha.
“There is a possibility that normalcy may return to Parliament from next week,” said an opposition leader, adding that a section within the Opposition did not want prolonged disruptions.
Government sources hinted that if the situation demands and the commotion continues throughout the session, it may push some bills even amid the din.
The Opposition’s decision to up the ante comes despite Modi telling Rajya Sabha that he “strongly disapproved” of Jyoti’s remarks.
“At the meeting of party MPs, I had strongly disapproved the use of such language. I urge people to stay away from such language even during the heated election debates. Following this, the minister who is new and a first-time member of Parliament, her background is known to all, had apologised,” he said.
The PM’s appeal for peace yielded little result as disruptions continued in the Upper House while the Opposition stuck to its boycott and walkout strategies in the Lok Sabha.

Govt to launch e-platform like PMG to facilitate coal projsDec 04, 2014, 10.04 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to launch e-platform like PMG to facilitate coal projs
The platform will help government ramp up the country's coal production to about 1.4 billion tonnes over the next few years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to launch e-platform like PMG to facilitate coal projs
The platform will help government ramp up the country's coal production to about 1.4 billion tonnes over the next few years.
Post your opinion here
 
The Coal Ministry is set to launch within a fortnight an electronic platform to address all
regulatory hurdles related to coal mines that would be on the pattern of Prime Minister's Project Monitoring Group.
The platform will help government ramp up the country's coal production to about 1.4 billion tonnes over the next few years.
"We are creating an electronic platform in the Coal Ministry where we will house these problems and take it up on a regular basis as we did in the PMG with the concerned agencies including Environment ministry and state governments," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told reporters on the sidelines of a workshop organised by industry body Ficci here today.
The closed-door workshop was on evolving strategies that would help the world's largest coal miner CIL reach production of a billion tonnes by 2019.
Swarup said the platform, to be set up in 15 days, would be for resolving issues for ramping up Coal India Ltd's production from the present level of 460 million tonnes to 1
billion tonnes over the next five years.
"We will travel to states...and try to resolve the issues...related to construction of rail line. Issues can relate to Ministry of Environment and Forests...to any other ministry. So, this platform will than inter-face with those ministries," the Secretary said.
Last year, the PMG was set up to resolve specific issues holding up various projects entailing big investments and fast-tracking them.
    
Swarup said the government is looking at various issues that would come in the way of ramping up the production both in terms of environment clearance and land acquisition.
The problem is as much of production as of evacuation, he said, adding that the government is focusing on a number of railway lines for evacuating the coal.
He expressed the hope that the three prominent rail lines in Jharkhand, Odisha and Chhattisgarh would be completed by December 2017.
"The way they are going they should be completed and they will enable evacuation of additional 200 million tonnes," he said, adding that are other railway lines which are being identified to evacuate coal.
"So it is a very comprehensive action plan in terms of determining what has to be done for evacuation and to also ensure that this evacuation plan works through. So it is an action plan rather than merely a strategy paper or approach paper to increase production. As I said it will be mine wise action plan for improving production," the Secretary said.
The Secretary further said that various subsidiaries of Coal India have already worked out details on how to reach 925 million tonnes production and they are further working on
augmenting it to one billion tonne.
For the ongoing projects, financial commitments were already in place and for future funding the government may look at setting up joint ventures, SPVs and arrangements of
financial instruments, Swarup said.
"For ongoing projects, financial commitments have already happened but in the future we are looking at using Coal India resources to set up joint ventures or SPVs or arrangements or financial instruments through which the funding can happen through Coal India also," he said.
As per the projections, the country would require 1.4 billion tonnes of coal by 2019-20, he said, adding that "It is the projection. And rest may be more. If we have more, we will
export."
    
He also said that the government's objective is to eliminate imports totally and if possible by 2019-20.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex rises in early trade  capital goods gainMarket update: Sensex drops 105 points to log first weekly fall in seven weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday closed nearly 105 points lower at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the 30-share BSE barometer surged to an intra-day high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas fund inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points (or 0.37 per cent). Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
"In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part  of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed  indices in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution,  Religare Securities.
The BSE index had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points, logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 of the 30 Sensex scrips including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
Similarly, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty index ended 26.10 points (or 0.30 per cent) lower at 8,538.30.
Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE Nifty.
The gauge moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government's 5 per cent stake sale in the steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began on Friday.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore on Thursday, according to provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.

China to end use of prisoners  organs for transplants next monthBy: Reuters | Beijing |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:06 am
China, the only country that still systematically takes organs from executed prisoners for use in transplant operations, plans to end the controversial practice from next month, a state-run newspaper said on Friday.
The government has over the last year flagged plans to end the practice, which has drawn criticism from rights groups, who have accused authorities of taking many organs without consent from prisoners or their families, a claim Beijing has denied.
The official China Daily said that human organ transplants will from Jan. 1 rely on voluntary public donations and on donations from living relatives.
“Harvesting organs from executed prisoners for transplants is controversial, despite written consent being required from donors and their relatives,” Huang Jiefu, head of the China Organ Donation Committee, was quoted as saying.
“The Chinese government has always been resolute in making efforts to end such a practice,” added Huang, a former vice health minister. “Donations by the public should be the only source of organs for transplants.”
Supply of human organs falls far short of demand in China, due in part to a traditional belief that bodies should be buried or cremated intact. An estimated 300,000 patients are wait-listed every year for organ transplants, and only about one in 30 ultimately receives a transplant.
That shortage has fuelled the illegal trade in organs, and in 2007 the government banned transplants from living donors, except for spouses, blood relatives and step- or adopted family members.
“The most severely ill get donations under the system, regardless of their social status and wealth,” Huang said. “Judicial departments are not entitled to decide where the organ donations go.”
China does not publish the numbers of people it executes, though the World Coalition Against the Death Penalty, a grouping of more than 150 non-government bodies, bar associations and other groups, estimates it was about 3,000 last year.

J&K: Two policemen killed as terrorists try to enter Army fortification in Uri  encounter underwayMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 05, 2014 at  09:33am IST
Uri: In a grim news from Jammu and Kashmir, two policemen have been killed in an encounter between terrorists and security forces in the Mohura area of Uri sector.
The encounter which is still underway, began after terrorists tried to get inside an Army fortification in Uri.
While the exact number of infiltrators is not yet known, four-five terrorists are expected to be in hiding.
The attack comes even as the Assembly elections are underway in the state. Uri and adjoining Baramulla area will vote in the third phase of elections on December 9.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

http://usat.ly/1zj6sSRDelamaide: Wall Street nominee splits Democrats
The fight over a Lazard banker's nomination to Treasury reveals 2016 battle lines within the Democratic Party.
Post to Facebook
Delamaide: Wall Street nominee splits Democrats The fight over a Lazard banker's nomination to Treasury reveals 2016 battle lines within the Democratic Party. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CDakUj
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Delamaide: Wall Street nominee splits Democrats
Darrell Delamaide, Special for USA TODAY 8:18 p.m. EST December 2, 2014
Antonio Weiss, global head of investment banking at Lazard Ltd., speaks at the Bloomberg Markets 50 Summit in New York  Thursday, Sept. 13, 2012.
(Photo: Jin Lee, Bloomberg via Getty Images)
32 CONNECT 29 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — Gridlock in Congress has already gotten worse in the wake of the midterm elections — not between Democrats and Republicans, but within the Democratic Party.
The unlikely catalyst for a new internecine war in the party is the nomination of a Wall Street banker to be the undersecretary of the Treasury for domestic finance.
The duties of this official include implementing regulatory reform and for anti-banker Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., that was one too many foxes in the henhouse.
"Enough is enough," she thundered in a blog on Huffington Post, castigating the president for consistently appointing Wall Street executives to key administration posts.
"The over-representation of Wall Street banks in senior government positions sends a bad message," she wrote. "It tells people that whatever goes wrong in this economy, the Wall Street banks will be protected first."
The nomination pits the populist, anti-Wall Street wing of the Democratic Party led by Warren against the centrist faction represented by Hillary Clinton, who reportedly collects as much as $300,000 a speech for Wall Street denizens and their ilk.
The nomination also exposed the bias in mainstream media as editorialists at The New York Times and Washington Post rushed to defend the nominee, Lazard executive Antonio Weiss, and demonize Warren as a misinformed and misguided populist.
It is a battle, in short, that puts Wall Street regulation at the center of the war in Washington and is the first sally in what may become a genuine challenge to Hillary Clinton's "inevitability" in winning the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Warren objected to the nomination specifically because Weiss has spent the bulk of his career in global mergers and acquisitions — including a long stint based in Paris — that ill prepares him to deal with the domestic concerns of this post. Equally important, many of these mergers, notably Burger King with Tim Hortons of Canada earlier this year, were driven as tax "inversions" — transferring corporate headquarters abroad to reduce taxes.
Heaven knows why Weiss, who has amassed a fortune somewhere between $50 million and $200 million at Lazard, is even interested in the job. He has been a big donor and bundler for President Obama, and appointing Wall Streeters to top Treasury jobs is a hallmark of the Clinton tradition that Obama has adopted as his own.
You don't have to be a high-powered investment banker to do this job in Treasury. The most recent occupant of the post, the low-profile Mary Miller, worked for a quarter-century at fund manager T. Rowe Price in Baltimore, heading the fixed-income division before joining Treasury in 2010.
Senate Democrats, perhaps embarrassed by the tone-deafness of the nomination, are in no hurry to deal with it in their waning days in the majority. They seem to be quite happy to leave this Obama pick to the tender mercies of the Republican majority in the new Congress, which convenes Jan. 6.
Iowa Republican Sen. Charles Grassley, a member of the Finance Committee which will consider the nomination, gave a preview of what this Obama donor can expect.
"This nomination shows the continued hypocrisy of the Obama administration in this area," he said when Weiss was named in mid-November. "The president has put forward nominees with offshore accounts, which he lambasted on the campaign trail, and now someone who's been involved in inversion transactions, something he's referred to as unpatriotic."
It doesn't help that Lazard itself — a hallowed firm founded more than a century and a half ago with big operations in Paris, London and New York — moved offshore in 2005, reincorporating in Bermuda primarily for tax reasons.
New York Times business columnist and editor Andrew Ross Sorkin found Warren's "wrath" to be "misdirected" and her opposition to Weiss' nomination "misinformed." Moreover, her understanding of the Burger King deal was "mistaken."
Sorkin allows that the deal was "technically an inversion," but insists it was not "cynically constructed" — that is, it was not driven primarily by tax concerns.
Weiss, the Times writer argues, is not a "prototypical banker" because he was protégé of literary gadabout George Plimpton and is now publisher of The Paris Review, Plimpton's idiosyncratic quarterly.
Sorkin argues that the debt-financing role of the Treasury post — not the regulatory reform Warren is worried about — is the paramount consideration, though he should know that rolling over Treasury debt is a fairly mechanical business often handled at a junior level in Treasury. There is little scope for innovation or financial wizardry in Treasury auctions.
In case Times readers missed the point, Washington correspondent Jonathan Weisman weighed in a few days later with another panegyric for Weiss , saying he is being unfairly tarnished for his Wall Street resume when he is "more Daddy Warbucks than Gordon Gekko."
Not to be outdone in their defense of the Lazard banker, the editorialists at the Washington Post branded Warren's opposition a "populist witch hunt." So what if his tens of thousands in campaign contributions mean he is "wealthy and politically connected."
Weiss, the Post notes in his defense, was one of 11 authors who signed off on a "progressive" tax reform proposal from the Center of American Progress, a Clintonite group fixated on reducing the deficit.
Warren's focus is elsewhere, however, and Weiss doesn't fit in there.
"Neither his background nor his professional experience makes him qualified to oversee consumer protection and domestic regulatory functions at the Treasury," Warren wrote in her blog.
After her own career focused on domestic economic issue, she said, "I know how important these issues are and how much the people in Treasury can shape policies. I also know that there are a lot of people who have spent their careers focused on these issues, and Weiss isn't one of them."
Stagnant wages, student loans, fraudulent and inappropriate financial products — not a federal deficit that is already safely in decline — are the problems besetting Americans now, she feels, and a multimillionaire investment banker with a fondness for Paris is not the person to understand or address these issues, she feels.
The fight over this nomination is, in short, a struggle for the soul of the Democratic Party. Even if Weiss eventually squeaks through — a doubtful proposition at this point — it draws the battle line for the 2016 primaries.
Business columnist Darrell Delamaide has reported on business and economics from New York, Paris, Berlin and Washington for Dow Jones news service, Barron's, Institutional Investor and Bloomberg News service, among others.
32 CONNECT 29 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CDakUj
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

MCFL up 14% on Zuari group s Rs 282-crore offerMangalore Chemicals rallies about 16% on Zuari group open offer
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.57PM IST
At 09:50 a.m.; Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd was trading 8.5 per cent higher at Rs 93.50. It hit a low of Rs 92.30 and a high of Rs 98.35 in trade today. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd rallied as much as 14.1 per cent in trade on Friday, after Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group said that it will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
On the NSE, the stock gained 15.62 per cent to Rs 99.90.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital, PTI reported.
The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 on Thursday, added the report.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Dineshwar Sharma to be new chief of Intelligence BureauIB gets new director, RAW head likely soon
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 10:31 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:42 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
The Centre has decided to appoint senior IPS officer Dineshwar Sharma as the next Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief and is expected to name the next head of India’s external spy agency, Research & Analysis Wing (R&AW), over the next few days.
Sharma, a special director at the IB, is a 1979 batch Kerala cadre IPS officer who has spent most of his career in the IB and earned a reputation for himself as an analyst. He had volunteered to serve in Jammu & Kashmir in the 1990s and later headed the joint task force on intelligence constituted after the 1999 Kargil incursion.
The government hasn’t issued Sharma’s orders yet who will be first be appointed as Officer on Special Duty before he takes charge on December 31 for a two-year term.
Along with Sharma, the Centre had also considered his two colleagues, Ashok Prasad — who played a key role in building the multi-agency centre for seamless sharing of intelligence — and Divya Prakash Sinha who led counter-terror operations.
For R&AW, the Centre could choose between Rajinder Khanna and Arvind Saxena. Khanna has led the agency’s counter-terror operations while Saxena has extensively served in Pakistan and the United States.
If neither of them make the grade, sources said there was a remote possibility that the government looks outside the agency for the next chief.

Ashiana Housing at life high  enters Chennai realty marketDec 05, 2014, 10.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ashiana Housing at life high, enters Chennai realty market
The New Delhi-based real estate firm has entered the Chennai market by signing a development agreement, on revenue sharing basis, with Escapade Real Estate.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ashiana Housing at life high, enters Chennai realty market
The New Delhi-based real estate firm has entered the Chennai market by signing a development agreement, on revenue sharing basis, with Escapade Real Estate.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Ashiana Housing rallied as much as 3.35 percent intraday to touch a life high of Rs 216 on Friday on foraying into Chennai's real estate market.
The New Delhi-based real estate firm has entered the Chennai market by signing a development agreement, on revenue sharing basis, with Escapade Real Estate.
Escapade is a group company of Chennai-based real estate company Arihant Foundations and Housing . The joint venture will develop a 'senior living project' as well as 'regular group housing project' on 20 acres (approximately) of land with saleable area of 9.70 lakhs square feet (approximately), said the company in its filing.
The proposed project is coming up at Sengundaram village, Maraimalai Nagar, Chennai (Tamil Nadu), the company added.
At 10:31 hours IST, the scrip of Ashiana Housing was quoting at Rs 215, up Rs 6, or 2.87 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange while Arihant Foundations and Housing was locked at 10 percent upper circuit.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

J&K: Three Army men  two policemen  three terrorists killed in attack at Army camp in Uri  encounter onMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 05, 2014 at  12:31pm IST
Uri: In a major strike in Jammu and Kashmir, four Army men, two policemen and two terrorists have been killed in an encounter between terrorists and security forces in Uri sector. At least three terrorists are still believed to be holed up near an Army camp.
The encounter, which is still underway, began after terrorists tried to enter an Army fortification in Uri. The Army has declared it as a suicide attack and has called in for reinforcements.
Six terrorists are expected to have entered the Army fortification. While three have been killed, three other terrorists are still holed up. The Army is trying to locate the terrorists and isolate the area to launch an all-out attack on them.
A senior Army officer and two jawans are among the three men killed in the gunbattle. Two senior police officers who were present to supervise the operation have also been killed in the encounter.
There had been an intelligence input for a possible terror attack, however, the magnitude of the attack was not preempted.
"An attack by a group of terrorists took place at Mahura Camp, near Rampur in Uri sector at 0300 h in the morning today. The quick reaction teams  were rushed and the terrorists were surrounded. One quick reaction team vehicle was fired upon by terrorists on the main road which fell down and caused fatal casualty to 01 officer and two Jawans of the Army. 01 terrorist has been confirmed killed till last reports received. Operations in progress," the Army said in a statement.
The attack comes even as the Assembly elections are underway in the state. Uri and adjoining Baramulla area will vote in the third phase of elections on December 9.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

GSAT-16 launch deferred due to inclement weather in Kourou28
0
Bengaluru: The launch of India's latest communication satellite GSAT-16 in the early hours on Friday by Arianespace rocket from Kourou in French Guiana was deferred due to inclement weather at the launch base, ISRO announced on Thursday night.
GSAT-16, designed to augment the national space capacity in communication services, was scheduled to be launched at 02.08 am on Friday (IST) on board Ariane 5 VA221 rocket.
In the dual satellite mission, along with GSAT-16, DIRECTV-14, which was built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US, was also scheduled to be launched.
A senior ISRO official said "we are waiting for communication from Kourou regarding the launch schedule."
"Due to inclement weather at the launch base in Kourou, French Guiana - the launch of GSAT-16 satellite onboard Ariane 5 VA221 is postponed. We'll keep you posted," ISRO said on its Facebook page.
A senior ISRO official said "we are waiting for communication from Kourou regarding the launch schedule."
Arianespace in a release said "In keeping with the CNES/CSG safety regulations, the launch of Arianespace Flight 221 has been postponed due to unfavourable weather conditions over the launch pad in Kourou, French Guiana. Flight 221 will place into geostationary transfer orbit the DIRECTV-14 and GSAT-16 telecommunications satellites."
"Another launch date will be decided depending on the evolution of the weather conditions in Kourou," it added.
Earlier, it was announced that Ariane 5 launcher carrying GSAT-16 had been rolled out from assembly building to the launchpad and its health was normal.
GSAT-16, with lift-off mass of 3,181 kg is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest number of transponders carried by a communication satellite developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation so far.
Hit by capacity crunch, ISRO has leased 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for the use of private TV broadcasters.
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations, as it improves the national space capacity with 48 transponders joining 180 odd existing transponders with ISRO.
GSAT-16 with a designated on orbit operational life of 12 years will be the 18th satellite to be launched by Arianespace for ISRO.
GSAT-16 will replace INSAT-3E, which was decommissioned a little prematurely in April.
1

Kejriwal to address students at Columbia UniversityJohn Kerry says 'devastating' Pakistan school attack angers the world
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief Arvind Kejriwal will address the students of the prestigious Columbia University in New York on Sunday, his supporters in US said Thursday.
Kejriwal is scheduled to stay in the New York for less than 24 hours, during which he will interact with students at the School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA), Columbia University on December 7, AAP volunteer from Chicago, Munish Raizada said.
Due to Kejriwal’s busy schedule in view of the Delhi Assembly elections, he is making a short visit to the US at the request of his supporters in that country.
“Otherwise, there is huge demand from the strong Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) support base in North America and United Kingdom to visit various cities,” he said.
“Even this short trip has energised the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) cadre in USA and the volunteers will redouble the efforts to participate in the Delhi elections,”
Raizada said, adding that Kejriwal would also interact with Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) supporters in the US.
TAGS: Aam Admi Party Arvind Kejriwal
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

J&K attack: 4 personnel  3 militants killed | Modi s men may visit every monthMilitants attack Army camp in Uri, 7 Army men, 3 cops dead
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 10.13AM IST
According to reports, three-four militants entered the Army camp near LoC in Uri town of Baramulla district and opened fire at the army bunker. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRINAGAR: A Lt Colonel and six Army personnel besides three policemen were killed in a pre-dawn attack by militants today on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which is going to polls on December 9.
Five militants were also among those killed in the attack that comes just four days ahead of third phase of Assembly polls in Uri and six other constituencies of Baramulla district.
Militants carried out the attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri tehsil at around 3.10 AM and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
Uri, which is near the Line of Control, is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to campaign on Monday.
Official sources said seven Army personnel including a Lt Col, three policemen and five militants were among those killed in the attacks.
Army, however, confirmed the killing of only four personnel including the Lt Col.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, "It is possible that this has happened because of elections... We will eliminate the remaining militants who are trapped."
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a "desperate attempt" to disrupt peace and normalcy.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," he tweeted.
Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and army were responding to the attack.
"Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It's an ongoing encounter," he said.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.
Parrikar also said that the Army has been intercepting terrorists and eliminating them.
"Last few days, the Army has been intercepting the terrorists and eliminating them. So, I think it is a sign of increased interception by the army," he said.

Eicher Motors expects 4-5% growth for CV indusry in FY15We will also see growth in buses and see better growth in heavy duty trucks. So 2015, and beginning of 2016 we should see the industry touching its earlier peak of 2011 numbers.
Vinod Aggarwal
CEO-VE, CVs
Eicher Motors
Vinod Aggarwal, CEO-VE, Commercial Vehicles  Eicher Motors is optimistic of seeing a positive turn for the Commercial Vehicle industry (CV) going forward. According to him the CV industry is slated to grow by 4-5 percent on blended basis for FY15 led by heavy duty truck segment.
There has been a 60 percent sales growth in Heavy Duty Truck segment because of low base and revival in the industry. He is also hopeful of seeing a recovery in the light duty truck after six months. Government actions like coal block auction etc could further propel industry growth, says Aggarwal.
The bus segment according to him continues to see a drop led by low purchases by state transport undertakings but going forward the state transport undertakings are likely to purchase more next year based on the government assisted Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme.
However, Eicher buses according to him has seen a growth in market share to 14.5 percent from 11.5 percent Year-on-Year.
Meanwhile, truck exports too have seen a good growth from 27,000 units last year to 41,000 this year, adds Aggarwal.
Below is the transcript of Vinod Aggarwal's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: It has been a good month for commercial vehicle sales but just tell us how much of it is courtesy a low base, how much is genuine improvement in demand, what kind of levels do you see sustainable in terms of sales run rate?
A: If you look at the commercial vehicle industry, it has gone through one of the worst phases of recession in last three years. However, the good thing is that the industry has started reviving now and that revival has started with the heavy duty trucks. Heavy duty trucks that had dropped to 131,000 last year in 2013, has gone up this year.
It is likely to go up in 2014 to around 150,000. If you look at this, the earlier peak of 241,000 so definitely in the month of November, there is a growth of almost more than 60 percent in the heavy duty trucks. That has also come because of the low base but at the same time, there is also revival in the industry because heavy duty trucks are the first ones to drop and they are the first ones to recover whenever the revival happens.
Second important segment that is the light and medium duty trucks, which is 5 to 15 tonne trucks is still dropping. This year in 2014, the drop is likely to be 18 percent in 5 to 15 tonne industry.
If you take buses, which is the third important segment- they continue to see a drop led by the low purchases from state transport undertakings. However, going forward the state transport undertakings are likely to purchase more next year based on the government assisted Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme.
If you look at the exports of the trucks from the country that is also growing very well this year from 27,000 in 2013 this year it will be around 41,000. So based on all this, the CV industry is likely to grow in 2014 calendar year by around 4-5 percent but it will be led by heavy duty trucks and exports. Light duty and medium duty as well as buses are still dropping.
Latha: Do you see any improvement at all in the light duty segment, even a chance that the worst is over?
A: For the light duty segment we are very hopeful that this recovery will start in next six months because it always lags the recovery with respect to heavy duty because what happens is that heavy duty trucks basically see the signs of recession as well as signs of revival much earlier. So they start replacing the fleet much earlier than the replacement started by the light and medium duty opponents. We should see this recovery.
Second thing is that we have to still see the impact of various government actions – the government has taken a number steps, which has brought in a lot of positivity. Once we start seeing the impact of all those on the ground level then the industry will get further boost. For example coal mines - if government is able to keep up its word that they are able to auction these coal mines in next three-four months that will bring in tremendous boost to the entire industry.
Sonia: In the quarter gone by, Eicher commercial vehicles did a sale of around 9,800 CVs i.e, close to 10,000 run rate - can it be maintained for the second half of the year or do you think you can do much better than that?
A: No, it will grow further now. Going forward, the industry is growing and we should do better than this.
Latha: What about the Volvo buses. That was 1,200 in Q3 in terms of exports, how is the bus output expected to pan out in the current and next quarter?
A: Let me clarify, Volvo buses are not dealt by this joint venture, VE Commercial Vehicles. However on the other hand Eicher buses we are doing very well and our market share in buses has gone up from 11.5 percent last year to this year of 14.5 percent. So we are continuing to do much better in the buses relative to the industry and going forward also we will do better.
Sonia: What about the margins itself, if you look at the consolidated numbers which includes the CV business, the margins for the company have been at around 13.5 percent. Given that 1] you are expecting sales to improve, 2] there is the benefit that we are seeing in terms of raw material cost etc, do you expect the margins to improve further from this 13 percent level?
A: This 13 percent level is at the Eicher Motors consolidated level, which include the Royal Enfield margins. I am not speaking here about Royal Enfield. As far as the VECV is concerned which is the joint venture, our operating margins after depreciation are at around 4 percent and going forward, these margins also should become better once the discounting comes down in the industry.
As you know the truck industry is experiencing very large level of discounting based on the ideal capacity, which is there with all the suppliers, with all the manufacturers, so once that capacity starts getting utilised with more and more industry revival, the discounts will come down and the margins will improve.
Latha: Give us some ballpark idea of the kind of growth you see in 2015 both in numbers in terms of commercial vehicles and margins?
A: For the commercial vehicle industry in 2014 we will have a growth of around 4 percent. 2015 going forward will be much better than 4 percent because we will see growth in light and medium duty. We will also see growth in buses and see better growth in heavy duty trucks. So 2015, and beginning of 2016 we should see the industry touching its earlier peak of 2011 numbers.
I would say in the next two year we should go back to 2011.
Sonia: Have you got any orders from the JNNURM scheme?
A: Yes, we have got orders from some state transport undertakings. We have received order from Bihar state transport undertaking.
Eicher Motors stock price
On December 10, 2014, Eicher Motors closed at Rs 14057.30, down Rs 146.4, or 1.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 15773.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 4405.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 187.90 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 74.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 303.07 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 46.38.
RELATED NEWS

District admn to take cognizance of hill cutting  proposesgeomappingBy: Express News Service | Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:16 pm
With the National Green Tribunal directing the Collectorate to take cognizance of hill cutting at various sites, the office of district administration has said that they would take the help of Science and Technology Park and Maharashtra Remote Sensing Application Centre to form a cell and carry out geomapping of these areas.
The geomapping will help the administration have a clearer picture of the ongoing and completed works in all areas. “We are receiving complaints about hill cutting and though action has been initiated at several projects, geomapping will help us get the present status of all the hill tops and hill slopes,’’ said a district official.
The administration will look at the data of the ongoing constructions, completion certificate, maps, NA permissions and others on Geographical Information System, added the official.
Earlier this year in a hearing, the NGT had summoned the collector as well as the commissioner following a complaint filed against them for failing to stop rampant illegal constructions on the hills.
A city-based lawyer had filed a petition against the state secretary of Ministry of Environment and Forest asking for action against the builders.
The Shindewadi incident where a 31-year-old woman and her 14-month-old daughter were washed away in a flash flood  was the outcome of the illegal constructions in the area.
The administration had even issued notices to demolish structures and put up notices to stop constructions in the area. The case highlighted the major constructions on the hills in Ambegaon, Lonavala, Talegaon, Daund and Maval.

Suresh Prabhu looks to make railways efficient; says private investment welcomeSuresh Prabhu looks to make Indian Railways an efficient enterprise; says private investment is welcome
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.06PM IST
Prabhu also released a booklet of Framework for Participative Models of Rail Connectivity & Domestic & Foreign Direct Investment.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Highlighting that there is a need to change Railways' functioning in 3-4 years, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday said that he wants to make Indian Railways a vibrant and efficient enterprise.
In a meeting with investors meet, Prabhu discussed proposals, possibilities & processes for Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) and domestic investment in Railway infrastructure and maintenance activities. The new Railway Minister discussed sectoral guidelines pertaining to FDI and domestic investment.
Prabhu emphasised that a framework is required for long term sustainable investment. He also said that the private sector is welcome to invest in railways' infrastructure development.
Prabhu also released a booklet of Framework for Participative Models of Rail Connectivity & Domestic & Foreign Direct Investment.
The government is targeting up to $1 billion of private investment by 2017 to build rail lines linking ports and national networks to ease growing congestion, which has delayed coal imports for power plants and contributed to a power supply crisis.
Such investment would more than double the $400 million that India's state-owned railways have attracted in the decade since they allowed limited private participation and help fund crucial "last mile" links to ports.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants private companies, which have held back from investing in freight lines because of the struggle to win the necessary approvals, to build more of the last mile links where bottlenecks bite the most.
(With inputs from Reuters)
Meghalaya finally on India's railway map, over 60 yea...
of 10
Meghalaya finally on India's railway map
5 Dec, 2014
Economictimes.com
Meghalaya was recently added to the country's railway map with Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagging off a first passenger to the northeastern state.
We take a look at some interesting facts about this new railway line:
Estimated cost
5 Dec, 2014
The latest estimated project cost is about Rs 275 crore.
With the commissioning of this line, Meghalaya, which was the only state among the seven sisters of the Northeast not having any railway line, has been brought into the Railway Map of India.
Total length
5 Dec, 2014
The Dudhnoi - Mendipathar railway line passes through Goalpara district of Assam.
Out of the total length of 19.75 km of the line, 10.26 km falls in Assam and 9.49 km in Meghalaya.
No provision of level crossings
5 Dec, 2014
In line with the long-term policy of the Indian Railways to eliminate level crossings, no provision of level crossings has been kept on this line.
Road Under Bridges
5 Dec, 2014
Instead, 19 Road Under Bridges/ Limited Height Subways have been constructed for giving passage to road vehicles.
Next

Myntra eyes breakeven in 18 months by cuttin...Myntra eyes breakeven in 18 months by cutting costs
By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
“We are working towards profitability by making the organisation lean and efficient and improving overall margins,” said Ashutosh Lawania, co-founder of Myntra.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: Myntra, India's largest fashion and apparel online retailer , is working on cutting costs, improving back-end supply chain efficiencies, seeking more margins from brands and boosting private brand business in a bid to break even in the next 15-18 months, a top official said.
"We are working towards profitability by making the organisation lean and efficient and improving overall margins," said Ashutosh Lawania , co-founder of Myntra, now owned by top e-commerce player Flipkart.
Lawania said Myntra is looking to more than double the share of private labels, or own brands, in its overall sales to 40%-50% from 20% now, which will give a boost to its profitability since margins on in-house brands are typically 60%-70% higher than what it makes with selling other brands.
Its officials, however, refused to share financial details such as its losses, or the amount of money they look to save with the new initiatives.
Owners of apparel brands sold through Mytra said the e-tailer has reduced the proportion of discounts post-Diwali. "Myntra seems to be over with predatory pricing since it has now got the scale and customer base and wants to focus on profitability too," said the CEO of a premium apparel brand.
Even Flipkart , which acquired Mytra in May, has reduced discounts of late.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Market in red: SpiceJet slips 12%; defence stocks on roll  surge 10%Sensex stuck in a range, Nifty holds 8550 levels; top 20 intraday trading ideas
By ET Now | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.12PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was stuck in a 50 point range on Friday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The index got support from buying seen in frontlines names like ITC, L&T, RIL, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in range but above its crucial psychological level of 8575, supported by gains in capital goods, auto, banks and oil & gas stocks.
At 1:12 pm, the Sensex was at 28,525.76; down 37.06 points.
The Nifty was at 8,556.80; down 7.60 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Zensar Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 656 and a stop loss of Rs 630
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 655
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 242 and a stop loss of Rs 228
Bayer Cropsciences Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 2850
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 230.50
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 168
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1570 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Jindal Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 160 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1460 and a stop loss of Rs 1550
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 312 and a stop loss of Rs 297
Brigade Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 156
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
GIC Housing Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 196 and a stop loss of Rs 188
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 102 and a stop loss of Rs 95
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Hindustan Zinc Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 170
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 292 and a stop loss of Rs 276
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1550 and a stop loss of Rs 1630
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 280
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 465
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 410
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SAIL stake sale begins  subscribed over 27% in early trade; stock in the red  slips over 2%SAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 27% in early trade
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.00PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government's 5 per cent stake sale in steel major SAIL, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today and got subscribed over 27 per cent in morning trade.
The total issue of 20.65 crore shares got bids for 5.7 crore shares by 1055 hours, as per the NSE data.
The retail category of 2.06 crore shares got bids for over 16.5 lakh shares (8 per cent) while the general category of about 18.6 crore shares were subscribed nearly 30 per cent.
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday's closing price.
On the BSE , the company's scrip hit a low of Rs 83.5, down 2.17 per cent over its previous close, soon after the start of market hours today.
It continued to trade in the range of Rs 84.70-83.50 in early trade, which was higher than the floor price.
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5 per cent stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer.
The government currently holds 80 per cent stake in the company.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares have been reserved for retail investors , who can buy stocks worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Also, a 5 per cent discount on the bid price would be given to retail investors.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013, which fetched over Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities and J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sales so far in the current fiscal.
During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, the government had raised over Rs 16,000 crore through disinvestment of PSUs.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Bengal BJP claims Muslim support  TMC deniesBengal BJP claims Muslim support, TMC denies
Ravik Bhattacharya , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, December 05, 2014
First Published: 01:25 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:29 IST(5/12/2014)
Comments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has seen a rise in the number of Muslim members in West Bengal since the general election with the total number crossing 2.5 lakh as it seeks to make an inroad in the Trinamool Congress-ruled state, party leaders told HT on Thursday.
Senior party members attributed the rise in the membership to their aggressive push for development and intensive membership drive after the party grew into the main opposition with many Muslim supporters of the CPI(M) and the Trinamool turning to the party after the general election.
"Our membership drive was rolled out on November 5 and Muslims joined our party in a major way after the Lok Sabha polls," said state BJP president Rahul Sinha on Thursday.
"By rough estimates we have over 2.5 lakh members from the Muslim community now. It may work out to over 12 lakh supporters. The number is growing by the day," Sinha added.
Muslims constitute 27% of the state's population, according to the 2001 census, and played a key role in the Trinamool Congress' good performances in the 2011 assembly and 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The BJP says that number has risen to more than 30% now.
The community is supposed to hold the key to about 60 assembly constituencies, mostly in the districts of Malda, Murshidabad, North 24 Parganas and south 24 Parganas.
BJP sources said unlike in the rest of the country where it is considered a Hindu party, the party presented a neutral face in Bengal. Even while raising the illegal migration issue, party leaders took care not to offend Indian Muslims.
The party also took care not to lash out at madrasas after the Burdwan incident but only pointed out that it was a small section of the community which was involved in such activities, they added.
"In Birbhum, Panrui and Ilambazar areas our supporters were killed by the ruling party supporters who unleashed mayhem. The victims are all Muslims. This is proof enough that now Bengal's Muslims are reposing their faith on Narendra Modi's development agenda and joining us. It also exposes the real face of Trinamool Congress," said BJP national secretary Sidharth Nath Singh.
"On the one hand they are putting up posters of the chief minister with her head covered and offering namaz. On the other, her workers are killing Muslims," added Singh.
The party's membership drive that was rolled out through SMS and phone calls seem to have triggered considerable response. BJP leaders also claim about 2 lakh new members enrolled from Kolkata alone within days after Amit Shah's rally in the state capital on November 30.
"After the Lok sabha polls we conducted small group meetings in districts. We made them understand that development is our only agenda, and we can provide them security from the ruling party," said Shakil Ansari, state president of party's minority wing.
Apart from Urdu speaking Muslims in Kolkata, Bengali speaking Muslims too are slowly making their way towards BJP. The trend is evident in border districts like Malda Murshidabad, North and South 24 Parganas, North and South Dinajpur as well as districts like Birbhum, Nadia and Burdwan.
"As many as 20,000 Muslims have joined us after the Lok Sabha polls. Ordinary poor Muslims have not benefited in the Mamata Banerjee regime," Ashraful Bulbul, a BJP leader from North Dinajpur told HT.
Trinamool leaders, however, scoffed at the suggestion that Muslims were turning to the BJP.
"They are living in a fool's paradise. Muslim sentiments are being hurt by the statements of BJP leaders such as the recent one by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. Churches are also being attacked in Delhi," Trinamool MP Sultan Ahmed said.

KV students do not have to take Sanskrit exam this year: Centre to apex courtKV students do not have to take Sanskrit exam this year: Centre to apex court
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Kendriya Vidyalaya students will not have to appear for the Sanskrit examination in the present academic session, the Centre has told the Supreme Court.
Students can opt for either German or Sanskrit language in this academic session, Centre tells the apex court.
The Supreme Court agreed with Centre’s proposal, saying it’s a good solution and there will be no burden on students.
“Even as a father, I would agree with Centre’s proposal,” says Justice A R Dave on the issue.
The apex court has adjourned the case till Monday after the petitioner challenged the Centre’s decision on Sanskrit, seeking time to counter the Government’s new proposal.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Iron ore imports hit record 6.8 mt as prices fallIron ore imports hit record 6.8 mt as prices fall
Reuters
The Hindu India imports iron ore due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining.
SINGAPORE, Dec 5:  
India's iron ore imports rose to a record 6.76 million tonnes in the first seven months of its fiscal year as sliding global prices and limited supply at home pushed steel producers to buy the raw material overseas, industry data showed on Friday.
Formerly the world's No. 3 supplier of iron ore, India has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
The shortage deepened this year as some mines in the states of Odisha and Jharkhand were ordered closed after the expiry of licences.
But analysts say India is unlikely to absorb a big chunk of the global surplus that has halved iron ore prices this year.
Global seaborne iron ore supply will grow by around 330 million tonnes over the next three years, far outpacing demand that will rise by just 194 million tonnes in the same period, Morgan Stanley said in October.
JSW Steel, India's third largest steel producer, imported 4.6 million tonnes of iron ore in April-November, followed by Tata Steel with nearly 1 million tonnes, according to data from industry consultancy SteelMint, which tracked shipments at 12 ports.
"Looking at the current scenario, it does not look like mining will resume soon in Odisha and Jharkhand. Imports are expected to hit 11-12 million tonnes this financial year," said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at SteelMint.
JSW said in September it was planning to import 10 million tonnes or more this fiscal year if the domestic shortage continued and prices stayed low.
The company this week put on hold plans to build a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing iron ore and coal.
South Africa was the top source of iron ore imports, accounting for 40 percent of the April-November volume, with Australia supplying 15 per cent of the total.
Official Indian government data only covers April-August, with imports totalling 2 million tonnes.
Increased output of iron ore from top producers Australia and Brazil has helped widen a global glut at a time of slower economic growth in China which buys around two-thirds of seaborne supply.
Iron ore has fallen 47 per cent this year, touching $68 a tonne last week, its weakest since June 2009.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Crude oil futures slip to Rs 4 122 on weak global cuesCrude oil futures slip to Rs 4,122 on weak global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Crude oil futures declined by 0.34 per cent to Rs 4,122 per barrel today in line with a weak trend in Asian trade.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in current month shed Rs 14, or 0.34 per cent, to Rs 4,122 per barrel, with a business volume of 1,189 lots.
The oil prices for January 2015 contract moved down by Rs 13, or 0.31 per cent, to Rs 4,156 per barrel, with a business volume of 79 lots.
Marketmen said the fall in crude oil futures was mostly in tandem with a weak trend in Asian trade.
This was after major producer Saudi Arabia slashed the prices of crude oil that it sells to Asia and the United States.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate crude oil for delivery in January was down by 31 cents to $66.50 a barrel, while Brent for January dropped 38 cents to $69.26 a barrel in late-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Gold futures down at Rs 26 253 on offloading of positionsGold futures down at Rs 26,253 on offloading of positions
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Gold prices fell Rs 96 to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams at the futures market today as speculators offloaded their positions amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in current month fell Rs 96 or 0.36 per cent to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in a business turnover of one lot.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in February next year lost Rs 76 or 0.29 per cent to Rs 26,560 per 10 grams in 205 lots.
Analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to a weakening trend in the global market before US payrolls data that may show employers added more workers last month, boosting the case for an increase in borrowing costs in the largest economy.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.2 per cent to $1,203.51 an ounce.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex slips into the red; US jobs data eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Survey depicts Modi govt yet to improve standard of living in citiesModi govt yet to improve living standards in cities: MNI survey
Indvjal Dhasmana | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 11:35 AM IST
The Narendra Modi-led central government’s efforts to lift the living standards of India’s citizens seem to have yielded little so far. A majority of respondents in a survey conducted by MNI Indicators, a wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Borse AG, said the government had not affected their standard of living, as it was yet to implement major policies.
“Of those surveyed, 38.1 per cent said they had been unaffected so far”, while 29.5 per cent felt they had benefited from the new government’s policies and 2.2 per cent said they were worse off. The rest noted any change would take time before it had any effect.
The survey did not cover rural areas and was specific to 1,000 consumers in 10 cities. MNI Indicators’ questions to respondents for its survey on monthly consumer sentiment in India included some that were specific to the Modi government and the impact of its policies on standard of living
“Many respondents praised Modi’s vision for India and were supportive of welfare schemes like the Jan Dhan Yojana, which they said were supportive to the common man.”
Only 2.2 per cent of the respondents said they were worse off, while 30.2 per cent were uncertain about the impact of the government’s policies on their standard of living.
The specific questions on the government were not considered for calculating the MNI India Consumer Indicator, which fell to 120.9 in November, the lowest in 13 months, from 123.7 in October.
MNI Indicators Chief Economist Philip Uglow said: “The Modi government has been in office for six months but there has so far been little lasting positive impact on consumer sentiment. Policy action might eventually feed through, though the outlook remains reasonably subdued for now.”
The decline in consumer sentiment was led by a sharp fall in expectations of business conditions by consumers in their related work areas over a year’s time, while consumers were less confident about spending on big-ticket items after the festival season.

Sadhvi remarks: Rajya Sabha adjourned till noon after uproarSadhvi remarks: Rajya Sabha adjourned till noon after uproar
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 11:30 AM IST
For the fourth consecutive day, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings in Rajya Sabha demanding action against Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti over her controversial remarks, forcing its adjournment till noon.
Immediately after Railway Minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy Chairman P J Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Anand Sharma (Cong) said the opposition benches patiently heard Prime Minister Narendra Modi's statement on the issue yesterday but want to know what action is the government has taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do," Kurien said. "If the members don't want the House to run, what can Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
With opposition members unrelenting, Kurien adjourned the House till 1200 hours.

Gold futures fall on global cuesGold futures fall on global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:00 PM IST
Gold prices fell by Rs 96 to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in futures market today as speculators offloaded their positions amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in current month contract fell by Rs 96, or 0.36%, to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in a business turnover of one lot.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in February next year lost Rs 76, or 0.29%, to Rs 26,560 per 10 grams in 205 lots.
Analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to a weakening trend in the global market before US payrolls data that may show employers added more workers last month, boosting the case for an increase in borrowing costs in the largest economy.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.2% to $1,203.51 an ounce.

Nanjing Tanker to delist after lossesNanjing Tanker to delist after persistent losses
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56e745f6-c16b-11e3-97b2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shanghai Exchange to allow trading of HK sharesAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Taylor Swift dating MattHealyPosted: December 5, 2014 12:35 pm
Country star Taylor Swift has reportedly been dating The 1975’s Matt Healy for two months.
The ‘Blank Space’ hitmaker, whose previous boyfriends include Harry Styles and John Mayer, has been seeing The 1975 frontman since October, reported Contactmusic.
“Taylor and Matty have been dating for approximately two months now. It started off as a mutual crush and has been blossoming more and more.
“They both have very busy schedules as The 1975 is touring and Taylor is promoting her album but whenever they can find time to be in the same city they do it,” a source said.
The 24-year-old singer is believed to be quite smitten with the ‘Chocolate’ hitmaker.
“Taylor thinks Matty is so adorable she can’t help but fall for him,” the source added.

Veteran Devayani now aschoolteacherBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:28 pm
Popular yesteryear southern actress Devayani, who has worked with stars like Kamal Haasan and Vijay, has now donned a new avatar. She is now teaching at a private school here and is apparently enjoying the experience.
Devayani is currently teaching at Church Park School at Anna Salai.
“She has joined us on contract basis, filling in for a teacher who’s on leave. She’s teaching for class four. Teaching has been on her mind for a while but she told us that other commitments kept her busy. Devayani is really enjoying the experience,” a source from the school’s management told IANS.
Devayani, who has starred in hit films such as ‘Aanandham’, ‘Friends’ and ‘Suryavamsam’, has also worked in television serials such as ‘Kolangal’.
She’s married to actor Rajakumaran and has two daughters.

Jacques Kallis to return to Kolkata Knight Riders  asmentorBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:26 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:24 pm
After four seasons as player, celebrated South African all-rounder Jacques Kallis will now be seen as a mentor and batting consultant for IPL franchise Kolkata Knight Riders.
“Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) announced on Friday that the legendary Jacques Kallis has decided to continue his association with the franchise in a different role as a Mentor and batting consultant,” the franchise said in statement.
Kallis has been with KKR for four years from 2011 and played a big role in KKR’s Success as IPL champions in 2012 and 2014 as well as runner-up in the Champions League T20, 2014.
“KKR has been my Indian family for the last four years. I have built fantastic relationships with the management and the players and have been very fortunate to assist KKR in winning two IPL Championships,” Kallis said.
“Over the past year I have had a chance to think about my future and when KKR approached me with this long-term offer, I jumped at it. KKR is a great brand and am really looking forward to assisting them in my new role as mentor &batting consultant.”
Kallis said he would continue playing in leagues outside.
“I had signed a two year contract with Sydney Thunder for 2014 and 2015 and have also committed to playing in The Caribbean Premier League next year. These commitments were made prior to concluding my new role with KKR,” he said.
Commenting on this development, Venky Mysore, CEO and MD of KKR said, “We are honored to start a long-term relationship with Jacques in a different role as mentor and batting consultant and benefit from everything he brings to KKR.”

In a first in Punjab  slum dwellers shifted to BSUP flats atGiaspuraWritten by Divya Goyal | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:25 pm
The Ludhiana Municipal Corporation became the first civic body in Punjab to successfully rehabilitate slum dwellers of Labour Colony and slums were razed on the encroached MC land on Thursday.
MC also arranged for the vehicles to shift the slum dwellers to newly built flats at Giaspura under JNNURM (Jawahar Lal Nehru National Renewal Urban Mission) and 55 families were shifted.
The vacated land will now be developed as a nursery as originally it was a green belt with MC owning the land, said additional commissioner Ghanshyam Thori. A total of 2,400 flats have been built in Giaspura under the project BSUP, Basic Services for Urban Poor. MC had also arranged several camps where banks were invited to provide loans to slum dwellers for paying 10% of their share.
On Thursday, a camp was also organised at flats site in Giaspura where shifted families applied for electricity meters. “We wanted a single window facility for slum dwellers as they are illiterate and cannot deal with bankers and power department on their own. So this camp was held to apply for meters,” said Thori.
In Labour colony, where 103 beneficiary families were recognised, 55 of them were given loans to pay Rs 10,000 share for getting the flat.
As many as 26 families shifted on their own and rest 13 refused to avail the flat, said MC data.
Seven camps were organised by banks to provide loans to the families in September and October. Another 303 beneficiaries have been screened from Jamuna Colony and they too will be shifted soon to flats, said Thori.
“We are planning razing of Jamuna Colony this month only as flats are ready for usage,” said Thori. In all there are 4,800 flats at three sites, Giaspura, Mundian and Dhandari. The work is still pending at Mundian and Dhandari sites. Camps are yet to be organised for 518 beneficiaries of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar slums to avail loans.
Peaceful rehabilitation
The shifting process on Thursday was completely peaceful as slum dwellers themselves helped MC officials in razing slums and even those families who did not get flats were dropped by the MC vehicles at their wish. Trolley vans were deployed throughout the day near Deepak Hospital to drop slum dwellers.
Thori added that ‘although flats are being constructed in other cities too, Ludhiana has become first city in Punjab to handover keys to 55 families.’

Women with disabilities locked away  abused: HRWreportWritten by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:24 pm
Women and girls with disabilities in India are forced into mental hospitals and institutions where they face unsanitary conditions, risk physical and sexual violence and experience involuntary treatment including electroshock therapy, Human Rights Watch said today. As one woman put it, they are “treated worse than animals”.
In a new report released on the occasion of International Persons with Disabilities Day (December 3), Human Rights Watch stated that women forcibly admitted to government institutions and mental hospitals suffered grave abuses and called for the government to take prompt steps to shift them from forced institutional care to voluntary community-based services and support.
“Women and girls with disabilities are dumped in institutions by their family members or police, in part, because the government is failing to provide appropriate support and services,” said Kriti Sharma, researcher at Human Rights Watch. “And once they’re locked up, their lives are often rife with isolation, fear and abuse with no hope of escape.”
The 106-page report ‘Treated worse than animals, abuses against women and girls with psycho-social or intellectual disabilities in institutions in India’ documents involuntary admission and arbitrary detention in mental hospitals and residential care institutions across India. Women and girls experience inadequate access to general healthcare, forced treatment including electro-convulsive therapy as well as physical, verbal and sexual violence in these institutions.
The report analyses the situation of women and girls with disabilities in six cities across India. Research was conducted from December 2012 to November 2014 in New Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, and Mysore. It is based on more than 200 interviews with women and girls with psychosocial or intellectual disabilities, their families, caretakers, mental health professionals, service providers, government officials and the police. Human Rights Watch visited 24 mental hospitals or general hospitals with psychiatric beds, rehabilitation centres and residential care facilities.
There are no clear official government records or estimates of the prevalence of psychosocial or intellectual disabilities in India. The Indian Ministry of Health and Family Welfare claims a high percentage of the Indian population is affected by psychosocial disabilities with 6-7 percent (74.2 – 86.5 million) affected by “mental disorders” and 1-2 percent (12.4 – 24.7 million) by “serious mental disorders”.
In the 128 cases of institutional abuse that Human Rights Watch documented, none of the women or girls had been successfully able to access redress mechanisms for being institutionalised against their will or for facing abuse within the institution. Most of the women and girls interviewed were not even aware of mechanisms for redress.
In Pune’s Mental Hospital, the superintendent, Dr. Vilas Bhailume, told Human Rights Watch: “We only have 100 toilets for more than 1,850 patients, out of which only 25 are functional; the others keep getting blocked.”

CITCO forms 3-member panel to look into lapses at midday meal kitchen  contractor to beblacklistedChandigarh |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:24 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:26 pm
The basement of Shivalikview Hotel where meals are prepared for 19,000 students. (Source: Express File photo)
By Vivek Gupta
Managing Director of the Chandigarh Industrial and Tourism Development Corporation (CITCO) Kavita Singh on Thursday constituted a three-member committee, headed by Chief General Manager Amandeep Kaur, to look into the lapses at its central mid-day meal kitchen, located in the basement of the Shivalik view Hotel.
The committee was formed in the light of the incident on Tuesday, when dead insects were found in the meal prepared for over 9,000 government school students at the kitchen. The CITCO MD said the committee had been asked to go into all aspects, including the space constraints, storage problem and inadequate facilities in the kitchen, and submit a detailed reported by next week, along with recommendations.
She said that the committee would also look into the conduct of the private contractor who runs the kitchen. “We are very serious about the food being served to school children. After the report, the CITCO will take best possible steps to improve the overall hygiene and quality standards in the midday meal kitchen,” the MD said. Sources said CITCO had also begun the process to blacklist contractor Sukhbir Singh Bir in view of several complaints against him.
Officials said that the latest incident was not the first regarding the quality of food cooked in the kitchen. In August, dal served from this kitchen to GSSS-45 was found having insects, and a report from a government laboratory had confirmed it. The Chandigarh Commission for the Protection of Child Rights had expressed concern about the conditions in the kitchen during an inspection in May.
The contractor was appointed in January for a tenure of one year. Therefore, the bidding process for the selection of a new contractor for next year would start soon. However, CITCO is also looking at the possibility of doing the cooking by itself, instead of hiring a contractor. The kitchen may also be shifted to a more spacious place, with better facilities.
Kavita Singh said a final decision would be taken after getting the report of the committee, which included GM (Finance) Abhimanyu Thapar and DGM of Shivalikview Hotel, Satish Kumar.

With limited user charges  civil hospital recruits 12 class fouremployeesWritten by Raakhi Jagga | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:20 pm
With limited user charges, Civil Hospital Ludhiana has recruited 12 class four employees who have started working in mother and child hospital on an average Rs 6,000 per month salary. They have been appointed on ad hoc basis. It needs to be mentioned that health minister Surjit Kumar Jayani had instructed the civil surgeons across the state to recruit some staff from user charges of civil hospitals so as to meet the immediate staff shortage.
Civil hospitals said that user charges are already bare minimum and have to be utilised in various other categories as well and hence there is not much scope to give regular salaries. Ludhiana Civil Hospital collects user charges around Rs 15 lakh per month from patient for various services such as OPD slip fee, bed charges, charges for investigations, operation etc which is very less as compared to private hospitals.
Of these, more than 70% of the amount is spent in giving salaries to staff, expenses of blood bank and many other miscellaneous expenses are also done from the same charges only. So recruitment cannot be done at a large scale from this fund, hospital sources said. They are also waiting for more staff nurses and doctors to be sent by health department to meet the patient-doctor ratio. Medical SP, civil hospital Ludhiana, Dr Renu said, “Though we have lots of expenditures to meet from the user charges, we will manage as we have to beat the staff crunch.”
Similar is the situation in other hospitals of the state where user charges are bare minimum. Y K Gupta, civil surgeon Ferozepur said, “We have instructed senior medical officers of all civil hospitals that they can call a private specialist in case of emergency, if we have any shortage, he/she can be paid out of the user charges.”

Philippines braces as monster Typhoon Hagupit nears coastTyphoon Hagupit to lash Philippines, thousands flee
Reuters
print
Tens of thousands of people fled coastal villages and landslide-prone areas in the central Philippines on Friday, as typhoon Hagupit bore down on eastern coasts of the island nation where thousands were killed in a devastating storm last year.
Ports were shut across the archipelago, leaving more than 2,000 travellers stranded in the capital Manila, the central Bicol region and Mindanao island in the south, after the coastguard suspended sea travel ahead of the typhoon.
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled some of their flights to central and southern Philippines. Areas yet to recover from last year's category 5 "super typhoon" Haiyan, also known in the Philippines as Typhoon Yolanda, could be in the firing line again, the local weather bureau said.
"It's better to evacuate early... We don't want to experience what we went through during Yolanda," said Gigi Calne, a housewife seeking shelter with about 3,000 others at a school in Basey, in Samar province, in central Philippines. "It was difficult to save our family and ourselves because we moved too late."
Haiyan, one of the strongest typhoons ever to make landfall, left more than 7,000 dead or missing and more than 4 million homeless or with damaged houses when it tore through the central Philippines in November 2013.
Hagupit was churning slowly across the Pacific on Friday, with the eye of the storm around 435 km (270 miles) southeast of the Philippines, the weather bureau said, packing winds of up to 215 kph (130 mph) near the centre with gusts of up to 250 kph.
It was expected to slam into Eastern Samar or Northern Samar provinces in the central Philippines on Saturday afternoon, bringing torrential rain and 4- to 5-metre high storm surges, the weather bureau said.
About 10 million residents of the Bicol and Eastern Visayas regions of the central Philippines are at risk of flooding, storm surges and strong winds. AccuWeather Global Weather Center said more than 30 million people would feel the impact of the typhoon across the Philippines.
Eastern Samar and the island of Leyte were worst-hit by 250 kph winds and storm surges brought by Haiyan. About 25,000 people still live in tents, shelters and bunkhouses more than a year later.
In Tacloban City, Leyte, which accounted for about half of the death toll from Haiyan, about 19,000 people from coastal villages thronged into 26 evacuation centres, said Ildebrando Bernadas of the city's disaster office.
"We are expecting to double that once we implement forced evacuations," Bernadas said, adding about 95 percent of residents from coastal areas have been evacuated.
While the local weather bureau and the Japan Meteorological Agency predicted Hagupit making a direct hit on the central Philippines, Tropical Storm Risk, which tracks cyclones, and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center of the US Navy showed the storm veering north, closer to the capital Manila.
Mario Montejo, the Philippines Science and Technology Secretary, said the differences in the forecasting models were due to methodologies used, but said the actual track of the typhoon hews close to the local weather bureau's model.
Tropical Storm Risk downgraded the typhoon to a category 4 on Friday - a level below "super typhoon" but still a very powerful storm - and forecast it would have weakened to category 3 by the time it made landfall.
Video: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

Crude fall won t hit margins  nor boost profits: UflexCustomers are always aware of the sensitivity of the changes of the raw material prices and accordingly we have to pass on the changes in the raw material prices to the customers.
R K Jain
Group President- Finance & Strategy
Uflex
RK Jain, Group President Finance,  Uflex in an interview to CNBC-TV18 spoke about the impact of falling crude prices and the impact of crude derivatives for the company.
According to him there will be no major impact on margins from crude derivatives. Neither does he expect exceptional jump in profits because there's being a pass through industry, both fall or rise in raw material costs is passed on to the consumers. So, this time too the benefits of crude derivatives will be passed on, says Jain.
However, only if there is too much volatility in the raw material costs then it becomes a bit difficult to pass though and causes problems in fixing the prices of products, he adds.
Jain says 85-90 percent of raw material costs for the company are on account of crude derivatives.
Below is the transcript of RK Jain’s interview with Latha Venkatesh & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: Can you quantify the impact of crude fall on your margins first and in turn your bottom line over the next one year or so?
A: Let me clarify about this reduction in the prices of crude is causing a realisation in the prices of raw materials. This is basically going down over the last four-five months ever since the crude prices have started falling. However, as you know this industry is basically a pass through industry, so whatever reduction or increase that takes place in the raw material prices is passed on to our customers and accordingly selling prices keep changing.
The only thing is that if there are larger volatilities in reduction or increase in the prices that causes some damage to the companies because they are not able to decide about how much amount or quantum to be passed on to the customers. The customers also remain quite for sometime until these volatility goes down. So, accordingly we have a pass through, basically try to pass on as much as possible. It does not have any major impact on our margins either on the higher side or the lower side as the case may be and it is more or less constant.
Latha: I understand that raw materials account for 55 percent of your total expenditure. How much of these is crude related or crude derivatives?
A: You mean to say how much is linked to the crude in terms of total cost. Largely if you look at the total material cost is comprised of majorly the polymers or the fiber chemicals. I can say something around 85 to 90 percent is constituted of these costs, it has the largest composition.
Latha: Do raw material accounts for 55 percent of your total expenditure?
A: Approximately it is in this range because it changes depending on the product mix there is so many complexities involved.
Latha: That means 40 percent of what you pay for your crude derivatives for polymers are going to be impacted by the huge price fall or rise that we see?
A: Absolutely yes, there is no doubt about it.
Latha: Can you really change your costing so much? Surely you are not changing your costing and that too when it is as big as a 40 percent element every time or on a weekly-daily basis?
A: It is not weekly that is what I said. Generally, the trend has been that most of the customers of ours are very informed or are very knowledgeable customers. They understand the dynamics of this market and the products they are buying. In any case the process of price fixation takes place in terms of the costing of each of the raw material component which goes into the forming of the product as such.
So, if any variation takes place in the raw material prices they understand that the costing has to undergo change either on the upper side or on the lower side. That is why we cannot keep the customers in dark irrespective whether it is a complex process or it is to be done quite frequently. That is the reason I said if the variations are quite rapid or quite volatile in the shorter period then only it causes some problems in fixing the prices to pass on to the customers.
Sometimes one has to wait for the adjustment of the raw material prices in the selling prices or sometimes they have to do it immediately. So, this depends on case to case, time to time and also customer to customer.
Customers are always aware of the sensitivity of the changes of the raw material prices and accordingly we have to pass on the changes in the raw material prices to the customers whether it is 80 percent of our cost or it is 70 percent of our cost.
Uflex stock price
On December 10, 2014, Uflex closed at Rs 144.95, down Rs 8.8, or 5.72 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 180.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 61.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.55 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.73. The latest book value of the company is Rs 220.70 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.66.
RELATED NEWS

NBCC: Updates on completion of tenure of five part time non-official directorsDec 05, 2014, 12.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NBCC: Updates on completion of tenure of five part time non-official directors
National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) has informed BSE that the tenure of five (5) part time non-official Directors Mr. K. L. Mehrotra, Mr. Brijeshwar Singh, Mr. S. C. Saraf, Dr. K. C. Iyer and Prof. V. K. Gupta on the Board of NBCC ended on December 04, 2014 as per the Ministry of Urban Development Order dated December 05, 2011.

Gold prices fall in futures trade on weak global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Five alleged kidnappers die in MexicoThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Spicejet shares slump nearly 13%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brigade nears 4-yr high; launches luxury apartment projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Microsoft incurs 238 mln dollar loss on Nook saleThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Militants open fire at Army camp in JandK  firing still onThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM seeks truce with Opposition on Sadhvi issueThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ranbaxy Unit at Dewas Plant Slapped With EU Ban for Non-Compliance  Company Sees No ImpactThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Board of Gati recommends special dividendThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

South Korean won edges higher ahead of US jobs report; shares flatHi Guest
South Korean won edges higher ahead of US jobs report; shares flat
The won was quoted at 1,114.1 to the dollar at the end of onshore trade, compared to Thursday's close of 1,115.2 and down 0.6 per cent for the week. SEOUL: The South Korean won edged higher on Friday as dollar bulls paused ahead of the release of US non-farm ...

Very boring day :((((((Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

@ushakrani .... when u invested in the ipo  the bookvalue of this comp...New Member
4 Followers
@USHAKRANI..... I think its the right time to buy when there is lot of bearishness being created all around( and that too at the bottoms , near book value levels).... and all kinds of baseless nonsense talk starts happening......
What if the stock price falls ? It may,, but so what,, if you are a value investor and you see nothing significant is wrong with the company.... you will add confidently to your holding,,,,,,,,,,
According to me good companies bought in times of trouble (temporary) always generate extra ordinary returns..
(Crompton Greaves, Bata india 30 -1300, yes bank 225-750, mcx 280-900, wockhardt 300-1000... and many more examples are there.)
So please have a longer term view and invest at sensible levels and make big money.

Parth  me too  i have put all my money and earnings in suzlon. literal...New Member
4 Followers
even i have invested all my earnings of last 3 years in suzlon totally dependent on the rise or fall of suzlon
may be we all rise with winning cap on head
and there is no option for tanti as well to do anything special in this situation

Hello kavi sir can pochiraju  tanla and adsl looked at this level plea...Gold Member
52 Followers
HS, I totally second your opinion and thoughts. All of us are adults and well-educated and not mouth-feeding children to get cheated by the sugar-coated words of any one here and asking us to buy this stock and that stock. Every time, we read so many msgs saying that no innocent investors should be taken for a ride and hence these ‘saviours’ are coming to their rescue!  I have to inform those saviours that look,gentlemen, we have studied, done research about the stock and then bought the stocks. Every investor should do this and not just follow the advice of any boarder, be it senior or junior. So, there is no need of a protector for any one here.
Secondly, we have very well understood about HS, Alpha, Kavi, Dando, Aindia, Tomar, Bullbuffet and other respected boarders, who are so much dedicated, loyal and honest that nothing can change our opinion about them. This is not a blind belief, gentlemen, it is out of our total self-conviction and experience with them over last one year. In short, we can well identify the “water-milk” from the genuine milk.
Wishing good luck to all investor-brothers.... MKV

Cardamom up by 0.4% on rising demandCardamom up by 0.4% on rising demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:15 PM IST
Cardamom prices rose 0.43% to Rs 790.10 per kg in futures trade today amid rising demand in spot markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, cardamom for delivery in December advanced by Rs 3.40, or 0.43%, to Rs 790.10 per kg in a business turnover of 152 lots.
Likewise, the spice for delivery in January next year gained Rs 3.40, or 0.40%, to Rs 861.90 per kg in 52 lots.
Analysts said speculators enlarged positions on the back of rising demand in the spot market which mainly influenced cardamom prices at futures trade.

Crude oil fall 0.3% on global cuesCrude oil fall 0.3% on global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:00 PM IST
Crude oil futures declined by 0.34% to Rs 4,122 per barrel today in line with a weak trend in Asian trade.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in current month shed Rs 14, or 0.34%, to Rs 4,122 per barrel, with a business volume of 1,189 lots.
Oil prices for January 2015 contracts moved down by Rs 13, or 0.31%, to Rs 4,156 per barrel, with a business volume of 79 lots.
Marketmen said the fall in crude oil futures was mostly in tandem with a weakening trend in Asian trade.
This was after major producer Saudi Arabia slashed the price of the crude that it sells to Asia and the United States.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate crude oil for delivery in January was down by 31 cents to $66.50 a barrel, while Brent for January dropped 38 cents to $69.26 a barrel in late-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

Sell MCX Gold; target of Rs 26200/25850  advises KarvyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell MCX Gold; target of Rs 26200/25850, advises Karvy
Karvy has recommended to sell MCX Gold Feb at Rs 26500-26550 for the target price of Rs 26200/25850 with a stop loss of Rs 26750, in its research report dated Dec 02, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Karvy's report on Gold
Weekly Outlook: Two primary assets were down in the week by 2% half per cent respectively, they both are the USD index and the gold, an unconventional state which is seldom noticed in the financial markets. We perceive this as a sort of risk off scenario wherein other FX markets were mixed; euro moved higher, the Japanese Yen continued its own bearish path. From the fundamental aspects, of gold we do not see any interest in demand coming in which definitely likely to keep the prices lower. However, we had seen some sort of price recovery earlier weeks but the principal outlook still holds down. From the investment front, the gold holdings at the SPDR gold trust are just maintaining its south journey and as of 26th November the total holdings were mere 718 tons. We believe as long as the investment demand is not popping up we would not see any positive sense in the prices. So, we continue to sell the precious metal for the next week. Besides, it’s imperative to talk about gold and USD relationship especially when we have key economic numbers from the country next week. Generally, it is observed that during non-farm payroll numbers are out in the US along with unemployment rate we see a huge volatility in the gold asset. Certainly, we are likely to see the same in the next week too. Another scenario that we are able to perceive is the global equities are relentlessly trading higher so most of the investors’ money is being parked in the equity market. Hence, the interest in trading the precious metal is slowly fading which may keep the commodity gold prices lower. Overall, we hold a bearish outlook on gold and recommend traders build short positions on small pullbacks.
Gold MCX Feb: Sell at 26500-26550 TP 26200/25850 SL 26750
For all commodities report, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Banks should protect customers  privacy: RBI s CharterBanks should protect customers' privacy, says RBI's Charter on Customer Rights
IANS     Chennai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 11:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Banks should keep their customers' personal information confidential unless explicit consent is given for sharing it, according to the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) Charter of Customer Rights.
The RBI on Wednesday released its Charter of Customer Rights spelling out the broad principles for protection of bank customers and their five basic rights: (a) right to fair treatment, (b) right to transparency, fair and honest dealing, (c) right to suitability, (d) right to privacy, and (e) right to grievance redress and compensation.
According to the new charter, banks should keep the personal information of customers confidential unless they have offered specific consent to the bank or such information is required to be provided under a law or it is provided for a mandated business purpose.
"The customer should be informed upfront about likely mandated business purposes. Customers have the right to protection from all kinds of communications; electronic or otherwise, which infringe upon their privacy," the charter noted.
According to the RBI , banks must communicate their policy for compensating mistakes, lapses in conduct, as well as non-performance or delays in performance, whether caused by the provider or otherwise.
The policy must lay out the rights and duties of the customer when such events occur.
The RBI has advised the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) and the Banking Codes and Standards Board of India (BCSBI) to formulate a "Model Customer Rights Policy" encapsulating the principles enshrined in the Charter.
According to the RBI, initially, all the scheduled commercial banks, regional rural banks and urban co-operative banks are expected to prepare their own board-approved policy incorporating the five basic rights of the Charter which, among other things, would contain a monitoring and oversight mechanism for ensuring adherence.

No Bangladesh terror link to Saradha case: Union MinisterNo Bangladesh terror link to Saradha case so far, says Union Minister Jitendra Singh
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 12:46 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government and the BJP appeared to be speaking in different voices on the Saradha chit fund case on Wednesday, as union minister Jitendra Singh informed parliament that the probe so far has not revealed any transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities.
"The investigation has so far not revealed any such transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities. The matter is under investigation," Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office Jitendra Singh informed the Lok Sabha in a written response.
He was replying to a question whether the government sought details of the probe after reports said a part of the money was routed to Bangladesh.
Bharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah claimed during a party rally in Kolkata that money from the Saradha chit fund was used to fund the Burdwan blast and the Trinamool Congress government was trying to save the accused.
He alleged involvement of Trinamool leaders in the blast, and accused West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of compromising national security by hindering the NIA probe into the blast in which Bangladeshi militants were involved.
"The National Investigation Agency (NIA) probe into the blast is being hampered. The agency is not being allowed to work. Many Trinamool leaders are involved in the blast and Mamata didi will have to give all these answers during the polls," Shah said.
Trinamool leaders Wednesday lashed out at Shah following Jitendra Singh's remarks and demanded an apology.
Communist Party of India-Marxist leader Sitaram Yechury said there was "match-fixing" between the BJP and Trinamool.
Union Minister Babul Supriyo, who hails from West Bengal, did not comment on Jitendra Singh's remarks but accused the Trinamool government of tampering with evidence that could prove links with the terror plot.
BJP leader Siddharth Nath Singh denied there was any contradiction between the government and the party regarding the Saradha scam .
He said Shah's comments were based on reports that were in the public domain and Jitendra Singh said the matter was being probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation.
Jitendra Singh also sought to clarify matters to the media and said the last part of his reply clearly stated that the matter was under investigation.

In healthcare starved Assam  Dholmara health centre sets example of super-effective functioningWritten by Divya A | Kokrajhar |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:20 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:24 am
The primary health centre (PHC) in Dholmara village in Kokrajhar covers a population of 15,000-20,000, a majority of whom are Muslim. The area has had a history of conflict; it was one of the worst affected during the violence of 2012. And yet, the PHC is known for being among the best in the district on the scale of management and service delivery.
The PHC is run by Dr Atawor Rehman and his staff of about 10 people. Dr Rehman does not have an MBBS degree, he is only a medical officer of the Department of Ayurveda, Yoga & Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH).
Dr Atawor Rehman (Source: Express photo by Divya A)
He runs the PHC like a 24×7 hospital, seeing as many as 130 patients a day, even assisting in deliveries. “In a district of approximately 9 lakh people, there are just two qualified gynaecologists,” Rehman said. “Even the private hospitals are shutting down due to this staggering shortage of doctors. Patients keep coming day and night, and I have no option but to continue with the check-ups and treatment.”
Rehman, who comes from a village in Upper Assam, studied for his AYUSH degree at the Gauhati Medical College, and was posted to Kokrajhar as part of a one-year compulsory rural posting for medical practitioners. “Once I started working here, I was shocked to realise the gravity of the situation. I decided to stay back after my mandated rural posting time was over, and work for these people,” Rehman said.
Rehman’s seven years of work have borne fruit: the PHC is a freshly painted yellow six-room building, with a boundary wall and staff quarters. He lives in the quarters with his wife and four-year-old son, as a contractual employee of the National Rural Health Mission, drawing a salary of Rs 32,000.
The waiting room has an LCD TV, a water purifier, chairs and well-marked dustbins. (Source: Express photo by Divya A)
The waiting room has an LCD TV, a water purifier, chairs and well-marked dustbins. “We have taken the help of villagers in building this centre — some voluntary, some paid labour, but it has all been their hard work,” Rehman said. His staff of 10 includes a cleaner, a pharmacist, attendants and assistants.
“Before Doctor Sahib came, this entire area was a jungle. There was neither a proper building, nor any staff. He built it all from scratch,” pharmacist Noor Jehan, who lives next door to Rehman in identical staff quarters, said. A third identical staff quarters is occupied by the cleaner.
It isn’t just in the living quarters that Rehman has demolished hierarchy. On the staff notice board, the cleaner’s continued…

Celebrities who talked about their troubled pastCelebrity
These celebrities were sexually abused
Lady Gaga has revealed that she was raped when she was 19-year-old. The 'Applause' hitmaker' told Howard Stern on his radio show that she wrote a song called 'Swine', which is about rape and demoralization, Stuff.co.nz reported. She is not the only one. We have a list of celebrities who have come out in the open about their troubled childhood and abuses later on in life.
Yahoo SHE  Photo by Getty Images/Getty Images Wed 5 Mar, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
The 28-year-old revealed that she went through some horrific things that she is able to laugh at now, because she has gone through a lot of mental and physical therapy and emotional therapy to heal over the years and her music's been wonderful for her. She said that she was about 19 and went to Catholic school and then all this crazy stuff happened and that shock stopped her from being affected by the incident in the initial aftermath. In fact, ... more 
The 28-year-old revealed that she went through some horrific things that she is able to laugh at now, because she has gone through a lot of mental and physical therapy and emotional therapy to heal over the years and her music's been wonderful for her. She said that she was about 19 and went to Catholic school and then all this crazy stuff happened and that shock stopped her from being affected by the incident in the initial aftermath. In fact, she believed it was at least four or five years before the ordeal really hit her. When asked if she had ever confronted the rapist, a music producer 20 years her senior, Gaga said that she saw him one time in a store and she was so very paralyzed by fear and added that it wasn't until she was a little bit older that it hit her that it was really messed up. (ANI) less 
Recommend

ECB leaves interest rates unchanged at record lowsJohn O'Donnell and Paul Carrel     Frankfurt   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 20:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged on Thursday, holding them at record lows while it considers whether to print money to buy government debt to shore up the euro zone economy.
The decision to leave the cost of borrowing at record lows was widely expected after the ECB cut rates to rock-bottom levels in September and the bank's President, Mario Draghi, then said they had hit "the lower bound".
At Thursday's policy meeting, the ECB left its main refinancing rate, which determines the cost of credit in the European economy , at 0.05 per cent.
The European apex bank also kept the rate on bank overnight deposits at -0.20 per cent, which means banks pay to park funds at ECB, and held its marginal lending facility - or emergency overnight borrowing rate for banks - at 0.30 per cent.
Markets now turn their attention to Draghi's 7:00 pm news conference, watching for any indications on the shape or timing of quantitative easing - possible government bond buys.
(Reuters)

Major ports regulator on way out; rates to be market-basedMajor ports regulator on way out; rates to be market-based
Arijit Paladhi | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:49 AM IST
In the first instance of a government winding down a sectoral regulator, the Tariff Authority for Major Ports (TAMP) will soon be disbanded, leaving major ports free to set market-driven rates.
The government plans to amend the port laws for this purpose. The shipping ministry is moving the Cabinet for approval to place a Port Laws Amendment Bill, 2014, in Parliament during the current session. TAMP was formed in 1997 through amendments to the Indian Ports Act, 1908, and Major Ports Trust Act, 1963.
With the initiation in recent years of encouragement for private investment in the sector, it had been thought necessary to keep a central regulatory body as a check against economic destabilisation, by introducing rate ceilings. TAMP was also meant to protect against development of private monopolies.
“The idea was to ensure prospective commercial gains did not lead to exploitation of clients. There is no rationale for continuing with such a regulating authority any longer,” said a highly ranked shipping ministry official who did not wish to be named.
With time breeding greater inter-port and intra-port competition, non-major ports now account for 42 per cent of cargo handling. These are not subject to TAMP.
There are arguments on the other side, too. “Even within the ambit of 12 major ports, there are countervailing arguments to TAMP. While major ports running losses argue against the abolition of TAMP, ports that are doing well favour doing away with it,” says another ministry official.
“Ports are not uniformly developed and nor are non-major ports uniformly distributed across the coastline. A blanket rule like this might not be the best bet,” said Hemant Bhattbhatt, chief executive of HMSA Consultancy Services. Jawaharlal Nehru Port Terminal on the west coast, for instance, handles about 60 per cent of the country’s container trade.

Axis Bank raises Rs 5 705 crore in infra bondsAxis Bank raises Rs 5,705 crore in infra bonds in single-largest closure
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 20:37 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Axis Bank, the country's third largest private sector lender, on Thursday raised Rs 5,705 crore in infrastructure bonds in a single-largest closure since the instrument was introduced in July.
The senior unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures have a maturity of 20 years and carry coupon of 8.85 per cent payable annually and will be allotted to the eligible investors on Friday, the bank said in a statement.
Axis Bank said the issue received very strong demand from pensions and provident funds, multilateral financial institutions, mutual funds, foreign financial institutions and insurers.
"We are pleased to have received a very good response for the infrastructure bonds from the domestic as well as foreign investors," said Sidharth Rath, the bank's president for treasury, business banking and capital markets.
It can be noted that the World Bank group member International Finance Corporation (IFC) had announced that a significant part of a Rs 2,000-crore rupee bond raised by it will be invested for the Mumbai-based bank's upcoming infrastructure bond.
Rath further said that though the issue was launched immediately after a US $500-million international bond offering by the bank in November, it received a good response.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had in July issued the guidelines allowing banks to raise long-term money to fund longer gestation infrastructure projects.
Axis Bank's larger rival ICICI Bank was among the first ones to tap the opportunity offered by the new regulation by raising Rs 3,900 crore by selling 10-year paper at a semi-annualised rate of 9.25 per cent.

26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed addresses rally at Minar-e-PakistanBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:00 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 10:14 pm
Outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, who orchestrated the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, on Thursday addressed a public rally at the ground of historical monument Minar-e-Pakistan in Lahore spewing venom on India and the US.
Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan despite being a designated terrorist, said the “Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated.”
“The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite,” Saeed, who is also the founder of banned terror group Laskar-e-Taiba, told his supporters.
Speaking at the two-day congregation of JuD, Saeed said: “Efforts are being made to declare Jihad terrorism.”
Saeed, who was guarded by JuD men, said some elements had been trying to make Pakistan a slave of the US, the World Bank and IMF. “The JuD will foil all such decisions,” he added.

Police arrest waiter for sending threat messages to Madhuri DixitBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 4, 2014 10:09 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:19 am
A 23-year-old man who allegedly sent threat messages to actress Madhuri Dixit on her mobile phone in a bid to extort money has landed in police net.
Praveen Kumar Pradhan, a waiter by profession who threatened to kill the popular actress’ children and claimed to have links with the underworld, was arrested yesterday. The mobile phone he used to send offensive messages has also been recovered, police said today.
“The accused was today produced before a court which remanded him in police custody till tomorrow,” said Sunil Ghosalkar, Senior Inspector at Cyber Police Station in suburban Bandra.
According to police, Madhuri Dixit’s personal assistant on November 28 approached the cyber cell alleging she had received four threatening text messages on her mobile phone from an unidentified person at about 3 AM on November 25.
“The messages were addressed to Madhuri Dixit and the sender threatened to kill her children,” said another officer. More threat messages were sent on her phone in the next three days.
“In one of the messages, Pradhan claimed he was associated with the gang of underworld don Chhota Rajan. The accused said he had trained a 15-year-old boy in handling weapons and bombs and this teenager would barge into Dixit’s home to extort money,” said the officer, who did not wish to be named.
The leads collected during the probe took police to Pradhan, who was picked up and questioned. Pradhan, who works in a restaurant, has confessed to the crime, police said.
He told interrogators he would have demanded the exact amount he needed if either Madhuri or her PA would have made phone calls to him, police said.
Police were verifying if he was actually associated with any organised criminal gang or was simply bragging.
The accused claimed to have made threatening phone calls to some film personalities in the past, police said, adding further probe was on.

India to outdo China; needs  mature governan...Brown University
(India will surpass China…)
NEW DELHI: India will surpass China as the world's fastest growing economy in the next 2-3 years, top industrialist Mukesh Ambani today said, while terming the fall in global oil prices as a "gift" to India.
"We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in the next 2-3 years. We will exceed China's growth rate in next 2-3 years. We will be the fastest growing economy in the world in 2016-2017 and 2017-2018," the Reliance Industries Chairman said.
He was speaking at an event organised by Brown University here.
Ambani further said that 2014 is a landmark year for the country.
"I think the people of India have spoken after really 30 years. I have in business for now alomst 30-35 years and we have got a majority (government) now...I have been saying this consistently that 2014 is a lucky year for India," he said.
Referring to the recent fall in crude oil prices, Ambani said, "...we are now on the horizon of USD 60-70, that is really a gift.... If this continues for two years, it's a gift".
He recalled that oil prices had shot up from USD 20/barrel to USD 140 during 2004 to 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nikkei Near Multi-Year Highs Due to Optimism Over US DemandOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Tokyo: Japanese stocks remained near 7-1/2 year highs on Friday as optimism on the US economy helped investors shrug off a delay to hoped-for eurozone easing.
The Nikkei benchmark slipped 0.3 per cent to 17,832.32 by 0137 GMT, after hitting its highest since July 2007 on Thursday. The broader Topix lost 0.2 per cent to 1,438.50, also near a 6-year peak.
Market participants pointed to economic resilience in the United States - a crucial market for Japanese exporters - as soothing concerns arising from the eurozone's moribund growth prospects.
US jobs data for November, due after the market close, is expected to show that employers added 230,000 new jobs last month, according to a Reuters poll.
"If the data's strong, stocks will get another boost," said Tetsuro Ii, president of Commons Asset Management in Tokyo.
Prospects of buyoyant demand in the world's biggest economy propped up Japanese exporters shares, which were also boosted by a weaker yen. The yen hovered around 119.83 against the dollar after weakening beyond the 120 mark for the first time in seven years on Thursday.
Honda Motor Co added 0.3 per cent and Nissan Motor Co gained 0.7 per cent, while Panasonic Corp edged up 0.3 per cent.
On Thursday, the European Central Bank said it would consider action early next year to revive the eurozone's flagging economy, despite German opposition to quantitative easing.
ECB President Mario Draghi failed to give further details of the stimulus plan, but reaffirmed the ECB's commitment to helping the eurozone's economy, which is forecast to post weaker-than-expected output and low inflation in the coming years.
The gloomy prospects for the eurozone have influenced Japanese investor portfolio weightings.
"No-one feels that business there will grow, so they're keeping Europe-related shares underweight," said Ii.
The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 ticked down 0.2 per cent to 13,046.93.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Deepika  Kareena are most visible faces on televisionDeepika, Kareena are most visible faces on television
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Salman Khan is the king of print news
New Delhi, December 4:  
Deepika Padukone, who entered the film world in 2007, has emerged as the most visible face on Indian television, endorsing over 16 brands, from Kellogg’s and Axis Bank to Coca-Cola to HP.
However, when it comes to hitting the headlines in the print media, Salman Khan has topped the ranks in terms of ‘PR Buzz’.
According to Celebrity Endorsement data from TAM AdEX, the advertising monitoring unit of TAM, Padukone emerged as the top celebrity, garnering a 5.2 per cent share of the ad volume between January and September this year.
Indeed, the top two celebrities in the TV ad space are female actors. Padukone is followed by Kareena Kapoor. Despite this, female actors’ share in overall ad volumes still stood at 41 per cent, a tad lower than their male counterparts (42 per cent).
Swati Iyer, Partner & Business Head, Bling Entertainment Solutions, said that the real change being seen today is that categories such as banking and luxury cars have veered away from the usual male celebrities and are choosing women, as it makes them look progressive and open.
The other popular faces on TV ads during this period include Salman Khan, Virat Kohli, Ranbir Kapoor, Katrina Kaif and MS Dhoni.
Anirban Das Blah, CEO and MD of CAA-Kwan, an entertainment and talent management firm, said that Padukone is a talented actor and has emerged as a youth icon.
“It’s not just about the number of brands that she is endorsing, but also the fact that she is the top actress associated with the best of brands that are making significant marketing spends,” he added.
Prabhat Choudhary, Head of film marketing firm Spice, said that Padukone not only is a talented actress, but is also an avid sports enthusiast, thus becoming a role model for young girls.
Men on top
But the print news space continues to be ruled by men. According to Eikona, the Earned Media Planning, Audit and Advisory division of TAM Media, Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, and Amitabh Bachchan remained the top three “buzziest celebrities” between January and September, followed by Padukone and Priyanka Chopra.
Talking about Celeb Buzz data, Siddhartha Mukherjee, Senior VP – Eikona, said: “Unlike a corporate or product, celebrity names and brands have to largely depend on news (non-advertising) buzz to create and sustain their own brand recall.”
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Modi disapproves of Sadhvi s remarks but opposition wants her removalJohn Kerry says 'devastating' Pakistan school attack angers the world
Breaking his silence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi strongly disapproved of the controversial comments of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti but his attempts to buy peace failed with the Opposition paralysing Rajya Sabha for the third day, insisting on her dismissal.
Three days after a row erupted over Jyoti’s offensive remarks in a public meeting here, Modi spoke in the Rajya Sabha, as the opposition continued with its protest refusing to accept her apology.
“I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting I strongly disapproved of the remarks and I said we should avoid using such language,” the Prime Minister said in his brief intervention in the Upper House during the Zero Hour.
Virtually ruling out any action against Jyoti, Modi said the Minister is new and in the “heat” of elections, such comments should be avoided, but at the same time urged the opposition to allow the House to “move on” in “national interest” in view of her apology.
“Before this issue was raised in the House, I had put forth this matter before all our MPs…. The minister is new, and she has come to Parliament for the first time. We are aware of her background. She has apologised.
“I believe that after her apology…this House has so many senior members with so much experience, they know what should be their feelings towards an apology,” Modi said.
“I appeal to the House that when the Minister has apologised…this is a message to all of us that in future we all should not cross the limits of dignity in terms of dos and don’ts. I appeal to the House that we should work for the interest of the country,” the Prime Minister said.
The Opposition, however, insisted that she has no right to continue as a Minister, contending that since she has apologised, it means she has committed a “crime”.
Opposition members wanted clarifications from the Prime Minister but were disallowed. The House was adjourned for the day at 2.40 PM after five adjournments.
In the Lok Sabha too, the Opposition created uproar pressing for a statement from the Prime Minister failing which they unitedly decided to boycott the House proceedings for the day.
Mallikarjun Kharge, leader of the main opposition in Lok Sabha Congress, accused the government of acting with “brute majority” and demanded that Modi give a statement in the House.
“”We have been asking for a statement from the Prime Minister for the past 2-3 days, but he is not giving any statement. They (government) think they have brute majority in the house and whatever they do will be fine. This is not good for democracy,” Kharge, along with opposition MPs from TMC, AAP, SP, Muslim League, told reporters outside the House.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

Centre eyes higher targets for energy efficiency missionCentre eyes higher targets for energy efficiency mission
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government is set to up its game on climate change and get more ambitious with the national energy efficiency mission. The power ministry plans to expand the mission and bring greater energy savings from three more power-guzzling industrial sectors - railways, oil refineries and power distributors.
The ministry's scheme - called Perform, Achieve and Trade or PAT - already covers the aluminium, cement, chlor-alkali, fertiliser, iron & steel, paper & pulp, thermal power and textiles sectors. Covering these three new power-intensive sectors from 2015 would help increase the volume of energy saved and the volume of greenhouse gas emissions prevented under the next phase of the scheme.
The power ministry, through its Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE), is also working to expand the coverage of PAT over more industrial units in the sectors it already covers.
At the moment, the programme covers 478 industrial units across the country - the largest capacity units in each sector. "The share of the national energy consumption that is targeted for energy-efficiency enhancement through PAT would be increased by the addition of new sectors, and also inclusion of more units in the existing sectors," said Power Secretary P K Sinha.
Together, the existing six sectors covered under the PAT scheme consume about 36 per cent of the fossil fuel consumed in India. The inclusion of three new sectors is expected to increase the cover of the scheme to 40 per cent of the annual fossil fuel consumption of the country.
The scheme was originally launched in 2012. It set standards for the identified industrial units in each sector to meet by the end of 2014-15. These standards were set to reduce the specific energy consumption of the plants or the energy consumed for every tonne of their product.
The scheme also had a market-mechanism built in. Industrial units that saved more than their targets were to be given certificates which they could trade with other units that had been unable to meet their PAT goals.
A penalty of Rs 10lakh and the cost of shortfall was set as the stick to goad the plants to meet their targets. Overall, all the plants in the six sectors were to achieve a 4.05 per cent reduction in the average energy consumption by 2014-15. This was estimated to equal about savings of 6.69 million tonnes-of-oil-equivalent annually and preventing about 23 million tonnes of carbon dioxide from being emitted annually.
The unaudited reports coming in from the plants suggest that the scheme has led to savings of 4.12 million tonnes-of-oil-equivalent in 2013-14, Director General of BEE Ajay Mathur told Business Standard. "It seems likely that there would be an overall compliance with the target, with some amount of trading for compliance purposes (by the end of March 2015)," he added.
BEE figures, yet unverified, that out of those already under the scheme 217 plants have already met their 2014-15 targets and about 60 more plants are on the path to doing so. The second phase of the PAT scheme will now increase the ambit over existing sectors it covers as well as expand to cover three others where the government sees large margin of improvement as a low-hanging fruit.
The energy efficiency mission forms a part of the country's national action plan on climate change. Energy efficiency itself is seen as a relatively cheaper route to cut greenhouse gas emissions. The government is now working to announce a more ambitious target to reduce the growth of its emissions under the 2015 global climate change deal. The enhanced coverage of the energy efficiency mission is expected to feed in to the new target and also likely to find reflection in the government's announcement.

Women s chances of promotion Depends on the countryAnita Raghavan: Women's chances of promotion? Depends on the country
Anita Raghavan |  Dec 04, 2014 09:46 PM IST
A woman in Scandinavia, Canada and even Russia stands a better chance of rising to the top ranks of a financial services company than a woman in the US.
That is one of the conclusions of a five-year global study of women in financial services that the management consulting firm Oliver Wyman published on Thursday. The study is based on a survey of 150 financial services firms globally and on interviews with more than 1,000 current and potential financial services employees from five countries.
The most surprising aspect of the study is the exuberant picture of corporate life painted by women in financial services in Russia.
"If a woman is willing to build her career, she can do it," Bella Zlatkis, the deputy chairwoman of Russia's Sberbank, told the authors of the study. "There is no glass ceiling in Russia."
The glowing reports of business life for women at Russian financial services firms may be a function of Russians' reluctance to say anything negative. But the study offers some statistics to back up those appraisals.
Women account for 20 per cent of the members of the executive committees of major Russian financial companies. In the US, by contrast, women represent 16 per cent of the members of executive committees at large financial firms and, in Britain, they account for only 12 per cent, according to Oliver Wyman.
The challenge that women in the US face is moving from middle management to the senior levels of financial firms. There are more women than men at junior levels of financial services firms. And a junior female employee in financial services stands about the same chance as a man in reaching middle management.
But a woman in financial services has less of a chance to progress from that point than in any other industry in the US. According to Oliver Wyman, a woman in financial services is less than half as likely as a man to move from a mid-level position to a senior position.
Norway, Sweden and Canada were the only three countries to surpass Russia in the representation of women on financial firms' executive committees.
The prominent role that women hold at the top echelons of financial firms in Scandinavian countries is not surprising. For a long time, women in countries like Norway and Sweden have enjoyed family-friendly policies that encourage them to remain in the workplace after they have children. In addition, legislation has helped women advance in some nations. In 2003, for instance, Norway became the first country in Europe to enact a law mandating that 40 per cent of supervisory board members at publicly traded companies be women. Last month, Germany passed a similar law requiring that 30 per cent of supervisory board positions at the nation's biggest companies be held by women starting in 2016.
In Canada, new rules like the Ontario Securities Commission's "comply or explain" policy, which officially goes into effect at the end of the year and will cover more than 1,000 companies, is already changing behaviour. The rule will require companies to reveal the number of women on their boards, executive committees and in their workforce.
Russian women don't owe their advancement to legislative changes. Instead, women there have benefited from the legacy of a drive by the former Soviet Union to promote female participation in the work force. That push meant that Russian women in the early 20th century began working in industries that were still considered male bastions in the West, Oliver Wyman noted.
In addition, commercial banking in the West has a long tradition as a profession dominated by white men in pinstriped suits. But in Russia, it is a new business. "Russian women confront no tradition of male commercial banking, if only because there is no tradition at all," the authors of the report said.
The writer is the author of "The Billionaire's Apprentice: The Rise of the Indian-American Elite and the Fall of the Galleon Hedge Fund"
© 2014 The New York Times

Rupee rises in early trade on dollar saleForex update: Indian rupee closes at two-week high of 61.77 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee rebounded by 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the US dollar on Friday, following exporters and some banks selling the US currency amid signs of fund inflows.
Forex dealers said dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee's rise.
The BSE Sensex fell back by 104.72 points, or 0.37 per cent.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.92. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.75 - almost two-week intra-day low - and 61.90 before concluding at 61.77, logging a rise of 15 paise, or 0.24 per cent.
This is the rupee's strongest close since 61.76 on November 21. In the previous two sessions, the Indian currency had softened by four paise or 0.06 per cent.
The local currency also took cues from government's 5 per cent stake sale in SAIL, for an estimated Rs 1,700 crore, generating a robust demand among investors with the offer getting subscribed more than two times on Friday.
The dollar index, an indicator of other six major global rivals, was up by 0.27 per cent.

Final culling before the World Cup will be tougher taskWritten by Shamik Chakrabarty | Kolkata |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:50 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:04 am
Picking India’s 30-member squad for the upcoming World Cup wasn’t the difficult part. Pruning this list to 15, which the national selectors will have to do by January 7, will be the real challenge.
Only four players — Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina and Ravichandran Ashwin — from India’s 2011 World Cup-winning side have been retained in the core of 30 to defend the title. A new generation has arrived and the selectors chose to place their trust in them on Thursday.
Over the past year or so, India have settled into a successful ODI unit, with many players picking themselves in the squad that will be given the responsibility in February and March next year. Injuries apart, Dhoni, Kohli, Raina, Ashwin, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Ishant Sharma, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Mohammed Shami and Bhuvneshwar Kumar are likely to make the pruned list. That leaves room for just three additional players in the 15, and expect stiff internal competition to fill those slots.
Axar Patel’s emergence has put Ravindra Jadeja’s place in the final fifteen under pressure. The 20-year-old spin-bowling all-rounder from Gujarat has already made a big impression with 14 wickets from nine ODIs. He also has an excellent economy rate of 4.49. Patel was the highest wicket-taker in the home ODI series against Sri Lanka with 11 scalps and had contributed with the bat as well — the final match at Ranchi being a strong case-in-point, where his support to skipper Kohli helped India whitewash the visitors.
“Hopefully if he (Patel) keeps performing like that and shows his composure, he will probably be preferred over a couple of other people in the batting order,” Kohli had said after the match. A 68 not out off 38 balls in the Deodhar Trophy semi-final against South Zone re-confirmed the youngster’s ability to play match-winning knocks with the willow.
Jadeja, on the other hand, has been a proven performer in this format with 1,691 runs and 134 wickets in 109 one-day internationals. Figures of 1/58 and 2/80 against West Indies in Kochi and Dharamsala respectively, though, suggest he has been leaking runs of late.
Odds still favour Jadeja getting a World Cup berth ahead of Patel, but things can become tricky if the selectors prefer to gamble with leg-spinner Karn Sharma, just for the sake of variety.
As far as Ambati Rayudu is concerned, he competes against Robin Uthappa and Manish Pandey for the last available middle-order spot. Rayudu has been a regular in the ODI team over the past few months. He batted at No. 3 against Sri Lanka and scored his maiden hundred in the shorter format. Then, there’s his part-time off-spin, which might come in handy continued…

The leader in Ishant SharmaWritten by Bharat Sundaresan | Adelaide |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:11 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:30 am
Ishant Sharma, India captain. You try reading it in any way you can, but somehow the two just don’t seem to fit. Over the years, we’ve seen the lanky Delhi pacer in many avatars. The prodigal tearaway, the erratic apprentice, the frustrating talent, the Ricky Ponting nemesis, the enigmatic Test match-winner, the erroneous ODI death bowler and of late the leader of a young pace attack. But still India captain, even if only for one-and-a-half sessions of a practice match? Not many would have imagined that.
But when the two teams assembled at the Glenelg Oval on Thursday morning, India’s captain Virat Kohli was still mid-air, somewhere between Sydney and Adelaide. He was returning after attending Phil Hughes’ funeral in Macksville.
With Kohli absent, there were a few candidates in line to replace him. They ranged from Suresh Raina, who has led the country in 12 ODIs, the dependable Cheteshwar Pujara, R Ashwin and even Shikhar Dhawan, who has captained many an India A team before.
But who should lead India out but Ishant. To his credit, he led the way in placing his bat outside the dressing-room in a mark of respect to the late Hughes.
He also called out frantically to get the team management to arrange for black armbands for his team. And then on the field he took charge.
He gave the new-ball to Varun Aaron and Mohammad Shami, set fields for them, screamed out instructions and was the most vocal cheerleader in the camp, his distinctive guttural tone resounding across the Glenelg Oval. In between, he also managed to slip in a handful of overs.
When Karn Sharma was hit for a couple of sixes in his first couple of overs, Ishant was right by his side, calming him down, and then he even placed a short-cover for the leg-spinner, sending mid-on to the boundary. Karn’s first wicket came through a catch at short-cover.
Then at the lunch-break, Ishant was the keynote speaker in the team huddle that he called for at the end of the first session. Ishant was doing everything he had seen his captains do over the years.
He might have struggled to sound as convincing as them in his performance, but you couldn’t blame him for trying on a day Ishant Sharma was India captain.

Infosys on track for industry level growth ...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Dr Sikka reiterated his vision of Infosys' revival, using his 'New+Renew' theme, in the analyst meet held on Thursday. Infosys' new management's maiden analyst day was marked by Dr Sikka's reiteration of his 'New+Renew' theme, CLSA said in a report.
The Asia-pacific broker maintains 'buy' on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2500, which translates into an upside of 18.9 per cent in the next 12 months.
We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital, said the CLSA report.
Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership. The brokerage firm reiterates 'BUY'.
Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016. Within manufacturing, which constitutes 23 per cent of revenues, Infosys highlighted that it retains a strong leadership position in hi-tech and autos where it is confident of strong performance, while seeing softness in aerospace & mining and in large deal pipelines.
In BFSI (27% of revenues), it highlighted that growth is driven by regulatory and compliance spending, industrialisation of applications and digital transformation of retail banks.
While individual project sizes stay small, several clients now spend $20-25mn on several such projects a year that also drive downstream work, added the CLSA report.
Performance over the last year has been largely margin led (utilisation, offshore shift), but future recovery hinges on accelerating revenue growth (improving account mining and revenue productivity), CLSA warns.
Infosys highlighted several steps such as improving sales coverage, cross-selling and promotions & lateral mobility to lower attrition. Infosys' success, in its steps taken so far, inspires confidence, added the note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Nifty may hit 9 500 by end of 2015  says GoldmanGoldman Sachs bullish on Indian economy
Goldman Sachs bullish on Indian economy
Goldman Sachs said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Top US brokerage Goldman Sachs today said it is bullish on India and sees Nifty hitting 9,500 -mark by end-2015 due to strong capital inflows in the country which is expected to become fastest-growing large emerging market economy in the 2016-18 period.
"We stay overweight on cyclical recovery and reform progress and expects Nifty to reach 9,500 at end-2015," Goldman Sachs Chief Asia Pacific Regional Equity Strategist Timothy Moe told reporters here.
The 50-share NSE benchmark index today ended at 8,564. "We forecast a large balance of payments surplus in 2015 driven by a narrowing of the current account deficit and strong capital inflows. We forecast mid-teens earnings growth in 2015-16 largely driven by banks, IT and a few cyclical sectors," he said.
The Wall Street brokerage, in a report, said it expects capital inflows to increase in 2015 due to stronger FDI and resilient portfolio inflows in Asia's third largest economy.
FDI flows are to be driven by improving medium term growth prospects, removal of restrictions of flows and (investment) commitments by Japan, the US and China over the past few months. We estimate a balance of payments surplus of about USD 50 billion in 2015, it said.
"The headline CPI inflation likely to fall in 2015 to 5.8 per cent from 7.3 per cent in 2014, driven by lower commodity prices. This would provide some room for the RBI to cut policy rates by 50 bps in H12015," Goldman Sachs Chief India Economist Tushar Poddar said.
"We are also positive on the Indian rupee due to our expectation of a large balance of payment surplus, driven by somewhat narrower current account deficit as well as large FDI and portfolio inflows," Poddar said.
Expectation of an increase in investments in 2015 is based on easier financial conditions, government measures to remove red-tape and focus on boosting investment, he said.
The brokerage forecast the economy to expand by 6.3 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016.
"Our forecasts imply India will become the fastest growing large emerging market economy over the 2016-18 period, overtaking China," it said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

East India s biggest computer fair in February 2015Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Devendra Fadnavis cabinet expansion today; Sena set to join Maha govtJohn Kerry says 'devastating' Pakistan school attack angers the world
Weeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the Shiv Sena will finally join the Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP)-led government today when Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis expands his cabinet.
According to highly placed sources in the party, five cabinet rank, and an equal number of state ministers are likely to be inducted from the Shiv Sena, along with 10 new ministers of the Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP).
“The Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena have jointly decided that the Sena will get 5 cabinet rank and 7 Ministers of state. But for now, we are putting on hold the oath taking of two ministers of state. It will happen after the Winter session of the Assembly,” a senior Sena leader, who was part of discussions with the Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) said.
According to the Shiv Sena leader, those who are likely to included in the cabinet are: Diwakar Raote, Dipak Sawant, Subhash Desai, Eknath Shinde and Ramdas Kadam.
Raote is set to get the Transport ministry, while Sawant may get Health. Industries Ministry, currently headed by Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) leader Prakash Mehta will now be reshuffled and given to Subhash Desai. Eknath Shinde, who had occupied the Leader of Opposition chair will now head the MMRDC. Ramdas Kadam, a close confidante of Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray will get the environment ministry.
Among those likely to be included as state ministers are: Sena MLAs Sanjay Rathod, Ravindra Vaikar, Dada Bhuse Vijay Shivtare and Deepak Kesarkar.
The two long-time allies had parted ways on December 15, just three weeks before the Maharashtra Assembly elections, which threw up a fractured verdict in the 288-member Legislature.
The Bharatiay Janata Party (BJP) subsequently emerged as the single largest party with 122, while the Sena bagged 63 seats. The Congress came third with 42 seats and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) finished last with 41.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

Pune filmmaker clicks at Los Angeles with low-budget  high-impact NewbornsThe No Budget Films focuses next-gen filmmakers who bank on art alone and not lucre.
Pune |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:20 am
It was Delhi-based girl Preeti Rathi’s death in Mumbai after an acid attack that spurred Pune filmmaker Megha Ramaswami — who read about it in a newspaper — into action. Preeti’s story of a jealous neighbour throwing acid on her because she was to join a job and he was unemployed had rocked the nation, and now it has reached Los Angeles, through the filmmaker’s lens.
Preeti was on her way to join a naval hospital as lieutenant nurse when the acid attack ruined her lungs, and her dreams. Megha read about Preeti and decided “not to move on” like most readers would. She decided to sit up and take notice, and make others take notice, with empathy and not sympathy. That was how Ramaswamy’s film, Newborns, was born.
The film that did the rounds of several national and international film festivals was selected by No Budget Films, Collaborative Arts Los Angeles, for the Special Mention for Innovation Award. The No Budget Films focuses next-gen filmmakers who bank on art alone and not lucre. The film puts creativity before money. The film was chosen from more than 30 entries from 10 countries.
“I am happy the film has been selected. It has been selected by the jury under special mention and it means a lot,” said Megha. The eight-minute film produced by Recyclewala Labs’ Sohum Shah and Anand Gandhi and Ruchi Bhimani premiered in Toronto earlier this year. Her research on acid attack victims drew her to Delhi-based NGO ‘Stop Acid Attacks’. The film conceived as an exploration of a world imagined was enacted by survivors of acid attacks and attempted to provide a lens for them to look forward to life. Teasers show an acid victim travelling with a clown sitting behind her. Like the clown’s, one does not get to see their actual faces. The aim is to sensitize society about horrors of acid attacks and life post the attack.
The talented FTII filmmaker, who schooled at St Helena’s in the city, and completed her Bachelor’s from Symbiosis before specialising in screenplay and creative arts from Florence, says she is happy that FTII graduates are doing well at such festivals. Her father Ram Iyer, project director at Science and Technology Park, says he is proud of his daughter’s achievement. “We are very happy for our daughter,” says Iyer and wife Usha Ramaswamy, a singer.
The film delves on statistics of acid attacks and how women’s lives are ruined after acid attacks scar them for life and they are shunned by society. It also has statistics that show cases registered by police are slowly rising. The film bagged the jury award for best short documentary at the Delhi International Short Film Festival and is all set to be showcased at Women’s International Film Festival. The filmmaker is known for her screenplay for Shaitan and has another short film, continued…

Mallika Sherawat to be on  Comedy Nights With KapilBy: Indo-Asian News Service |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:07 am
Comedian Kapil Sharma, who is seen flirting with almost all female celebrities on his TV show ‘Comedy Nights With Kapil’, has a reason to smile. Actress Mallika Sherawat, known for sensuous and bold scenes, will be the next guest on his show.
“Yes, Mallika is coming to the show. But she is not coming with an agenda. She has no movie releasing and she’s just coming to have some fun,” said a source.
Lately, Kapil’s show hosted a string of popular celebrities, cricketers, and singers. In this week’s episode, writer Chetan Bhagat and singer Atif Aslam will come as guests on the Colors’ show.
The famed reel couple from ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’ Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol will also come on the show to celebrate the completion of 1,000 weeks run of the film in theatre.

Gigstart raises $200 000; Snapdeal founders ...Gigstart raises $200,000 in seed funding; Snapdeal founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal join in
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.22PM IST
0
Share More
The startup will use the proceeds to expand into new geographies, which will include establishing a presence in the tier-2 and tier-3 cities.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Gigstart , a marketplace for event planners and entertainers, has raised $200,000 in seed funding, a round that saw participation from Snapdeal founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal, among other prominent angel investors.
Apart from Bahl and Bansal, other investors in the one year old venture include, Rajesh Sawhney , founder of GSF Accelerator, media personality Roshan Abbas, Anand Chandrasekaran, chief product officer at Bharti Airtel , FG Wilson's Narendra Singh Rawat and TA Venture Holding. "The faith that the investors have shown in the venture stems from the fact that we have been witnessing 30% month-on-month growth since our inception and the numbers have been particularly positive in the last three months," said Atit Jain, co-founder of Gigstart.
The startup will use the proceeds to expand into new geographies, which will include establishing a presence in the country's tier-2 and tier-3 cities, as well as into the Middle East, particularly Dubai . It will also look to further build on its technology as it looks to scale up the product, as well as focus on content creation and promotion, along with hiring of talent.

Militant attack on Army desperate attempt to disrupt peace: Omarsecurity measures
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said the attack on the Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district was a “desperate attempt” to disrupt peace and normalcy.
“Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy,” Mr. Omar wrote on Twitter.
Mr. Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and Army were responding to the attack in Uri.
“Militants have struck an Army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It’s an ongoing encounter,” he added.
Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla & Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It's an ongoing encounter
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) December 5, 2014
JK Police & army are responding to the attack in Uri. Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to to disrupt peace & normalcy
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) December 5, 2014
In a predawn attack, militants targeted an Army camp at Mohura in Uri area around 3.10 a.m. So far, two Army jawans, two policemen and three militants have been killed in the ongoing encounter.

Gati to pay 30% interimHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Gati to pay 30% interim
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
Gati Ltd has informed the BSE that its board of directors at its meeting held on December 5 has approved the payment of interim (special) dividend of 30 per cent on shares of a face value of Rs 2 each. The shareholders will get Rs 0.60 (60 paise only) per share for the financial year 2014-15.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

RCom  Ericsson sign managed services contractRCom, Ericsson sign managed services contract
Reuters
Tweet
STOCKHOLM, Dec 5:  
Reliance Communications has signed a seven-year full-scope managed services agreement with Ericsson to operate and manage their wireline and wireless networks across India.
This is the first pan-India managed services deal for Ericsson.
The deal covers over 150,000 km of fiber, 2G/3G/CDMA mobile network, wireline access and enterprise network in 22 telecom circles, across India including Delhi and Mumbai.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

IVRCL allots shares to CDR lendersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
IVRCL allots shares to CDR lenders
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
IVRCL Ltd has informed the BSE that the company has made an allotment of 8,79,80,636 equity shares of Rs 2 each on December 4 to the CDR Lenders who have signed the master restructuring agreement.
This allotment is towards first tranche of conversion of FITL into equity for the period from December 1, 2013 to September 30, 2014.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Chana gains by 0.7% on spot demandChana gains by 0.7% on spot demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:25 PM IST
Chana prices were up 0.70% to Rs 3,001 per quintal in futures trade today as speculators created fresh positions, driven by pick up in demand in the spot market.
At the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange, chana for delivery in December rose by Rs 21, or 0.70% to Rs 3,001 per quintal with an open interest of 72,080 lots.
Similarly, the commodity for delivery in January next year contracts traded higher by Rs 18, or 0.59% to Rs 3,063 per quintal in 6,560 lots.
Analysts said fresh positions built-up by speculators after a pick up in demand at the spot market against restricted arrivals from producing belts, mainly led to the rise in chana prices.

AAI puts SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode  stock fallsAAI puts SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode, stock falls
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:44 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
SpiceJet share fell as much as 14 per cent at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) after the Airports Authority of India (AAI) withdraw credit facility relating to airport user fees to the Kalanithi Maran-led airline.
According to a report by The Economic Times , AAI was prompted into putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode as the airline failed to pay its dues.
SpiceJet's scrip ended 13.78 per cent lower at Rs 15.95 a piece in a flat market at the BSE. A total of 2.86 crore shares of the company were traded on the bourse.
However, after market hours, SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor said in an interview with Reuters that the AAI had  reinstated its credit facility after the private carrier resolved all  outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airline is currently operating one international and 10 domestic flights out of Pune to Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Goa and Hyderabad, besides Sharjah.

Bhopal : A Prayer For RainreviewPosted: December 5, 2014 1:12 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 11:02 am
Bhopal : A Prayer For Rain movie review
Star Cast: Rajpal Yadav, Martin Sheen, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Kal Penn, Mischa Barton, Manoj Joshi
Director : Ravi Kumar
There are natural disasters, like earthquakes and tsunamis, which no one can predict. And there are man-made disasters, which telegraph their arrival early on, and which are completely avoidable if someone has the gumption to take the right call.
The lethal methyl-isocyanate (MIC) gas that leaked from the Union Carbide factory in Bhopal on the night of December 2, 1984 was a tragedy that needn’t have happened: corporate greed, political collusion and all-round official cowardice and apathy have ensured that justice remains undone. Even today, 30 dispiriting years on.
Bhopal: A Prayer For Rain plays out like a much-delayed requiem for the thousands that were killed and maimed that night. The opening credits tell us that it is based on real events and “liberties” have been taken to create dramatic impact. This is evident through the film, and shows up in various characters and accents and sequences: honest newspaperman Kal Penn never feels like a local; a doe-eyed Bhopali beauty never looks like one.
Martin Sheen’s playing of Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson (who died recently) is a little tricky, but that’s down to the way the character has been written: the film makes him “just a Yank trying to make weed-killer” for poor Indian farmers, as well as the canny boss of one of the biggest global corporations who was aware of the hazards of his produce as well as the profits that accrue from it.
There are a few other superfluities, which include a pretty White female scribe. And I am waiting for the day someone casts Tannishtha Chatterjee in a part in which she doesn’t have to be dirt-poor, wearing a torn sari, and having to “eke” a living. She’s effective, though, as the wife of a poor rickshaw-puller (Rajpal Yadav, solid) who finds a job at the Carbide factory, even when he is not trained for it.
The film gathers force when it goes straight to the heart of the problem: the build-up to the terrible leak has urgency, even if it seems overtly dramatised, and the sense of growing dread feels real. What makes the film worth your time is the way it states, unequivocally, that the gas need not have leaked if Union Carbide and its employees and its votaries had come together to pull the plug in time.
That would have been humane. What happened is inhuman.
Two and a half stars ( 2.5)

Im not insecure: AnushkaSharmaBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:06 pm
Actress Anushka Sharma, who is part of Zoya Akhtar’s ‘Dil Dhadakne Do’, says that she is not insecure working in the multi-starrer as the role matters more to her than anything else.
The film also features Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Farhan Akhtar and Anil Kapoor, among others.
“I guess I am not insecure as a person. In fact when Zoya offered me this role, she thought I will not take up. Priyanka’s role is bigger in the film but I think the film matters (to me). I said yes to Zoya the moment I heard the role,” said the actress.
Anushka is currently busy promoting her film “PK” that features Aamir Khan in the lead. Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film also stars Sanjay Dutt, Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani and Saurabh Shukla.
When asked about her character in the film, Anushka says she can’t reveal much.
“I had a great time shooting for ‘PK’. It was a pleasure working with Raju Hirani (Rajkumar Hirani) and Aamir. I am not allowed to talk much about my character in the film,” she said.
The film is set to release Dec 18.

Wedding season ahoy! Heres the jewellery you willneedBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:02 pm
The bridal season is here, so while shopping for the big day, make sure you grab the jewellery essentials.
Sulish Verma, managing director of Vikas Chain & Jewellery Pvt. Ltd, shared the latest in bridal jewellery:
Bridal necklace: There is a great demand for choker neckpieces in gold and diamond. The Mughal-inspired neckpieces where the coverage is more but the weight of precious metal is kept less, are also loved during bridal season.
Bracelet: Versatile pieces where the chains can be easily detached from the ring and the bracelet and the ring can be worn separately are getting popular.
Maang-tika: The side passa maang-tika is one of the sought after jewellery pieces for the head — for instance, coloured gemstones engraved in gold.
Nose ring: The round big hollow loop will continue to rule, but brides willing to experiment can try the tribal jewellery-designed nose ring.
Earring: Danglers have always been in trend, but the brides are opting for longer danglers for pre-wedding functions.
Feet accessories: The payal is no longer slick. The feet accessories are getting thicker and colourful.

Obama to announce his choice for new US defense secretary on December5By: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:01 pm
President Barack Obama’s choice for his new defense chief, to be announced on December 5, faces conflict abroad, budget retrenchment at home and the expectation that the White House will have a heavy hand in Pentagon affairs — at least if past is prologue.
For the job, Obama is turning to a seasoned Pentagon operative who rose up the short list when others took themselves out of contention.
The White House said Obama will announce his pick Friday. Ashton Carter will be nominated to replace Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, according to people close to the process who spoke on condition of anonymity before the announcement. Carter’s nomination has been expected for days but Obama held off on making a statement while the vetting of the former Pentagon official was being completed.
Although defense is typically a coveted Cabinet portfolio, it has appeared less so heading into Obama’s final two years in office, especially once tensions surfaced between the White House and Pentagon, where top officials complained about West Wing micromanagement. The next defense chief will inherit a Pentagon wrestling with the Islamic State militant threat in Iraq and Syria, an unsettled course for Afghanistan, Russia’s provocations in Ukraine, tensions elsewhere and reports of sexual assault in the military, all in a time of deep budget cuts.
Hagel, who is staying on until a successor is in place, resigned under pressure from the president but cast his departure Thursday as a mutual decision and said “no major differences” with Obama led to his stepping down. Asked directly whether he felt pressure to resign, Hagel was not specific.
Carter, 60, has extensive national security experience as well as keen knowledge of the inner workings of the U.S. nuclear arsenal. He served as the Pentagon’s second-ranking official from 2011 to 2013, during Defense Secretary Leon Panetta’s tenure, spent two years previously as the department’s technology and weapons-buying chief, and was assistant secretary of defense for international security policy during Bill Clinton’s administration.
He holds bachelor’s degrees in physics and medieval history from Yale University and received his doctorate in theoretical physics from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes scholar. He has served on the advisory boards of MIT’s Lincoln Laboratories and the Draper Laboratory.
Carter is known among national security experts for the “preventive defense” concept he and former Defense Secretary William Perry promoted in the 1990s. The concept held that the U.S. could head off major new threats through security partnerships with Russia, China and others in the post-Cold War world.

Watch PK song: Anushka Sharma finds a new Nanga Punga Dost in AamirKhanWritten by Dimpal Bajwa , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:53 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:59 pm
The makers of much-awaited P.K. released a new song ‘Nanga Punga Dost’ featuring Aamir Khan and Anushka Sharma. The song has raised our expectations and made us even more curious to watch the film.
Anushka Sharma, who plas a journalist named Jagat Janani, finds a tinga tinga nanga punga dost in Aamir, who is continously seen looking for something.
With Aamir Khan heading for some or the other trouble and Anushka coming to her rescue each time, the song engages the viewers throughout. We also see the actor flaunt his six-pack abs. The funny dance moves by Anushka and Aamir will definitely bring a smirk on your face.
The music of the song has been composed by Shantanu Moitra and has been sung by Shreya Ghoshal. Her voice has done justice to the characters.
Produced and directed by Rajkumar Hirani, PK is slated for a December 18 release. Apart from Aamir and Anushka, we will also see Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani, Saurabh Shukla and Sanjay Dutt play pivotal roles in the film.

PM Modi seeks truce with opposition members on Sadhvi NiranjanissueBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 4:03 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement on the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti controversy, this time in the Lok Sabha, failed to satisfy the Opposition MPs, who walked out of the House demanding “more action” from the government. The government, meanwhile, claimed it had made its best efforts to resolve the matter.
Clad in a white kurta, Modi appeared at 11 am before Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu told the Lok Sabha that the PM would make a statement.
Modi spoke for about a minute in what appeared to be a repeat of his Thursday’s statement in the Rajya Sabha, only this time he also mentioned that Jyoti hailed “from a village”. “She (Jyoti) is a new minister. Unke samaajik background ko hum jaante hain; veh gaon se hain aur unhonne kshama maangi hai (We are all aware of her social background and that she hails from a village. She has tendered her apology as well),” Modi said. “Being seniors in the House means when one of our own seeks an apology before such a great House, we should also shower her with our forgiveness,” he added.
Jyoti was present in the House. Modi stayed put for the whole Question Hour even after the Opposition walked out.
Unlike his statement in the Rajya Sabha, Modi thanked the Lok Sabha members for letting the House run despite the protests.
Modi also said that he had disapproved Jyoti’s comments even before the matter was raised inside Parliament. He ended his statement with an appeal to “end this matter” and “continue with the work for nation’s interest”.
Govt to revamp Planning Commission: PM
PM Narendra Modi Friday told the Lok Sabha that the government was giving a new avatar to the Planning Commission (PC) to make it more “in sync with the changing times”. Making a short intervention during Question Hour in Lok Sabha, Modi said the government was planning to involve knowledgeable people and those who can provide new ideas to redefine and restructure the PC. “I want to inform the House that I have convened a meeting of Chief Ministers on December 7. We will have detailed discussions. In the PC also there had been discussions earlier on how to bring it in tune with the changing times… Plans are afoot towards a new shape,” he said.

India s manufacturing  services growth outpaced China in Nov: HSBCDuring November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said.
"2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005," the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November. China registered growth for the seventh month running, while India posted the fastest growth since June.
Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"Downturns in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China's economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November," Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, fell to a new record-low.
All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.

SpiceJet stocks dive over 12% | AAI puts carrier on cash-and-carrySave precious time tracking your investments
Shares of low-cost airline SpiceJet dived over 12 per cent in intraday trade to touch a low of Rs 16.15.
The fall came in the wake of Airports Authority of India (AAI) deciding to withdraw credit facility relating to user fee to already financially-troubled SpiceJet at all airports from Thursday midnight.
The move has been spurred by mounting dues that the airline has to pay AAI. A senior official at AAI said a circular has been issued by office of ED ( finance ) to all airport authorities asking them to let the airline operate only on cash-and-carry basis.
At 12:30 pm, the stock was trading at Rs 16.45, down 11.08 per cent on BSE.
Meanwhile, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju said yesterday that the airline sector is running through a "lot of turbulent weather" with troubled Spicejet seeming to give "us heart attacks".
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said in New Delhi yesterday.
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch.
(With inputs from TNN)

Tackling Maoists: Rajnath for ex-Greyhound boss as CRPF DG | J&K: 3 militants deadThe CRPF DG post is vacant since Dilip Trivedi retired on November 30. 14 CRPF troopers were killed in a dastardly attack in Chhattisgarh the next day. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh is believed to be pitching for former SPG chief and acclaimed boss of the elite anti-Maoist unit of Greyhounds, K Durga Prasad , as the next director-general of the Central Reserve Police Force . Prasad demitted office as the SPG chief on November 2, after he completed his 2-year-tenure and is awaiting his next assignment.
A meeting was held in the Cabinet Secretariat on Thursday to empanel officers of the 1981 batch of the IPS, to which Prasad belongs, for DG level posts. "He is the best choice to be the next CRPF chief. The home ministry is backing his case. The prime minister will take the final call," a source close the home minister told ET.
The CRPF DG post is vacant since Dilip Trivedi retired on November 30. 14 CRPF troopers were killed in a dastardly attack in Chhattisgarh the next day. Sources indicate the government may overlook seniority and, in the process, contenders from IPS batches of 1977-1980 if Prasad is picked.
He was chief of the Greyhounds unit in Andhra Pradesh when Maoists were wiped out from the state. Prasad was brought in briefly as the inspector-general in charge of the newly-formed anti-Maoist unit CoBRA in CRPF in 2008 and he became the SPG chief in 2012. "CRPF needs to follow the Greyhounds example in the fighting Naxals.
There is no person better than Prasad to emulate this. Plus, if selected, he can have a long term as CRPF chief till his superannuation in 2017, in tune with the new government's plan to wipe out Maoists in the next three years," a senior home ministry official said. The latest incident in Chhattisgarh is believed to be acting as a catalyst for getting a 'dynamic chief ' for CRPF, the official said.
The home ministry has asked the Chhattisgarh government to immediately get infra-red lights installed at the Jagdalpur air-strip to enable night-landing facilities for IAF choppers. They could not come to the aid of the CRPF men attacked by Maoists on December 1 because of the lack of night-landing facilities.
"The home ministry will fund the cost if required," an official said. It has also readied a note for the Cabinet Committee on Security for approval of the new "National Policy and Action Plan" against Maoists. Rajnath Singh has also set up a committee headed by former CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar to give a report by December 15 on how to make anti-Maoist operations in Chhattisgarh more effective and ascertain the adequacy of the security deployment in the state.

Sensex in a range: Defence stocks fire on all cylinders  surge 10%Sensex stuck in a range, Nifty holds 8550 levels; top 20 intraday trading ideas
By ET Now | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.12PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was stuck in a 50 point range on Friday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The index got support from buying seen in frontlines names like ITC, L&T, RIL, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in range but above its crucial psychological level of 8575, supported by gains in capital goods, auto, banks and oil & gas stocks.
At 1:12 pm, the Sensex was at 28,525.76; down 37.06 points.
The Nifty was at 8,556.80; down 7.60 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Zensar Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 656 and a stop loss of Rs 630
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 655
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 242 and a stop loss of Rs 228
Bayer Cropsciences Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 2850
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 230.50
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 168
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1570 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Jindal Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 160 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1460 and a stop loss of Rs 1550
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 312 and a stop loss of Rs 297
Brigade Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 156
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
GIC Housing Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 196 and a stop loss of Rs 188
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 102 and a stop loss of Rs 95
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Hindustan Zinc Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 170
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 292 and a stop loss of Rs 276
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1550 and a stop loss of Rs 1630
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 280
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 465
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 410
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SpiceJet slips 12% as AAI withdraws credit facility  puts the carrier on cash-and-carrySave precious time tracking your investments
Shares of low-cost airline SpiceJet dived over 12 per cent in intraday trade to touch a low of Rs 16.15.
The fall came in the wake of Airports Authority of India (AAI) deciding to withdraw credit facility relating to user fee to already financially-troubled SpiceJet at all airports from Thursday midnight.
The move has been spurred by mounting dues that the airline has to pay AAI. A senior official at AAI said a circular has been issued by office of ED ( finance ) to all airport authorities asking them to let the airline operate only on cash-and-carry basis.
At 12:30 pm, the stock was trading at Rs 16.45, down 11.08 per cent on BSE.
Meanwhile, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju said yesterday that the airline sector is running through a "lot of turbulent weather" with troubled Spicejet seeming to give "us heart attacks".
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said in New Delhi yesterday.
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch.
(With inputs from TNN)

Chana futures gain 0.70 per cent on spot demandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GAIL (India) inches up amid volatilityThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Private sector is welcome to invest in railways  infrastructure development: Suresh PrabhuThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IVRCL allots equity shares to CDR lendersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets remain rangebound; defensive stocks lose sheenHi Guest
Last hour slide drags markets; IT, pharma shares wilt
Shares of IT majors have lost up to 2% on the BSE on caution ahead of the key US jobs report which is scheduled to be released later during the day. TCS, Infosys and Wipro lost between 1.5-2%. Benchamrk indices lost nearly half a percent each in late trades on the last trading day of the week as investors booked profit in several heavyweights like Infosys, TCS, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma. The slide could have been much sharper had it not been for gains in ITC and M&M. For the day, the Sensex ...

Mangalore Chemicals spurts after fresh open offer from Zuari groupThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

That`s stock market.....!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bengal & assam has too touched an all time high today of rs.648.stay i...Platinum Member
837 Followers
Bengal & Assam has too touched an all time high today of Rs.648.Stay invested for a target of Rs.1200. JK Tyre has touched a life time high of Rs.700. It will split now so that more retail investors can buy JK Tyre. Bengal & Assam has over 20% stake in JK Tyre and 20% stake in JK Lakshmi Cement and 87% stake in Fenner Industries which is having Rs.225 croeres as reserves. Thus a buy and hold of Bengal & Assam.
1.29 PM Dec 5th  | Track

Crude today 4080-4060 soonCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Jai ho.......lala jee  arsa beet gaya  aapke darshan durlabh ho gaye ....Why are you using two ids to post on one board Rise95 and sunrise99995.
when rise95 had got redflagged you had mentioned you will be using sunrise99995.
In reply to : sunrise99995 message
10.49 AM Dec 5th

With BJP s rise fears of minorities: NALSAR VCJohn Kerry says 'devastating' Pakistan school attack angers the world
Noted jurist and vice-chancellor of NALSAR University of Law, Hyderabad, Faizan Mustafa voiced “grave concern” at the rising incidents of “minority bashing” after the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government assumed office earlier this year.
Mustafa launched a scathing attack on the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government saying “ever since the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) came to power at the Centre the worst fears of the minorities are coming true”.
He was delivering a paper at a national seminar on “Inclusive Development of Minority Community in India”, organised by the Department of Commerce of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU).
The nation as a whole can no longer afford to ignore the alarming trends manifested in the “statements of senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leaders and the fact that those involved in minority bashing are being awarded with ministerial berths, coupled with the alarming saffronisation of education,” he said.
“Minority rights are not some mercy or favours shown to Muslims by the majority community. There are sound jurisprudential reasons for these rights. These rights are in national interest and are based on constitutional guarantees,” Mustafa said.
Recalling first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru’s defence of minority rights in a democratic country, Mustafa said, “History has demonstrated that there can be no stable equilibrium in any country so long as an attempt is made to crush a minority or force it to conform to the ways of the majority.”
Mustafa urged the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to have a “relook at its own policies towards minorities and show the whole world that it is committed to pluralism.”
He also criticised Union Minister for Minority Affairs Najma Heptullah, saying “after she became a minister, she has initiated an unnecessary debate on the very term of minorities in India.”
“Can a group which constitutes just 15 per cent of the population not be entitled to protection under minority rights?” he asked, and said “The Supreme Court of India has consistently maintained that minorities are to be defined on the basis of numerical inferiority and there can be no deviation from this principle.”
TAGS: Aligarh Muslim University Najma Heptullah National Democratic Alliance Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh
More from miscellaneous
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai ‘heartbroken’ by Pak school attack Malala Yousafzai said she is "heartbroken" by "the senseless and cold blooded" killing of scores of children by Taliban militants...

Supreme Court allows Sahara to sell off four properties in IndiaSupreme Court allows Sahara to sell off four properties in India
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 02, 2014
First Published: 22:49 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:25 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the embattled Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four of its domestic properties, which is likely to fetch the company Rs. 2,710 crore.
This is expected to help the company pay market regulator Sebi sufficient money to secure the release of its jailed chief Subrata Roy.
A special bench headed by Justice TS Thakur allowed the group to sell properties in Jodhpur, Pune, Chauma in Gurgaon and Vasai in Mumbai, after the company counsel satisfied the court that the transactions were in accordance with June 4 order that prohibited Sahara from selling the properties for a price lower than the estimated value indicated by it in a statement before the apex court.
The properties could not be sold at prices lower than the circle rate, the order had stated.
The company said the transactions for these properties would be completed by May 2015, and in the meantime, the purchasers would deposit post-dated cheques in favour of Sebi-Sahara refund account with the undertaking that these would be honoured on due dates.
The company handed over three demand drafts and one cheque totalling Rs. 184.5 crore, part payment for three of the assets, to the Sebi counsel.
Out of the list of nine domestic properties, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property and raised Rs. 411.82 crore. This amount has gone to the Sebi account.
The company is, however, awaiting clearance for raising ‘junior loan’ of $650 million (about Rs. 3,600 crore) to offset its liability with Bank of China, which had lent money to it in purchasing stakes in three overseas hotels, Dream Downtown and The Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.

Will swap land with Dhaka  halt illegal immigrantsPrime Minister Narendra Modi said that his government would go ahead with a land transfer deal with Bangladesh keeping illegal influx and Assam’s long-term security interests in mind.
 
Bangladesh stands to gain some 10,000 acres of land through this deal the UPA government had initiated in 2011 and placed as a bill for ratification in Rajya Sabha in December last year. The BJP in Assam had opposed this deal, as did the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal.
Addressing party workers in Guwahati on Sunday, Modi said, “The land swap deal will be beneficial. It might seem to be an immediate loss for Assam, but it will serve security interests in the long term and help solve the problem of Bangladeshi migrants.”
Infiltration from Bangladesh is a major issue in the Northeast. It is viewed as a demographic invasion designed to out-populate scores of indigenous communities in the region.
 
The Prime Minister said there would be no compromise with the security of the strategic Northeast. “The forces trying to destabilise Assam and the Northeast should know that Delhi has a new government and the law will not spare them now,” he said.
Insisting that the BJP brand of politics was not based on casteism, communalism or regionalism, Modi said his party believes in nationalism. “Our mantra of inclusive development has compelled all political parties to rework their agendas,” he said, adding that his government has special plans for the Northeast.

Finance Ministry Sets Up Panel to Hear Industry s Tax IssuesChina December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry on Wednesday set up a high level committee to interact with trade and industry on tax-related issues on a regular basis and ascertain areas where clarity in tax laws is required.
The high level committee will be headed by former Chief Economic Advisor (CEA) in the Ministry of Finance Ashok Lahiri. Other two members of the committee are Sidhartha Pradhan, retired member of the Settlement Commission (Income Tax and Wealth Tax), and Gautam Ray, retired DG (Audit) of the Customs and Central Excise, the ministry said in a statement.
The HLC will give recommendations to the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) and Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) for issuance of appropriate clarifications by way of circulars, instructions on tax issues, it added.
Further, the CBDT and CBEC will issue the required clarifications, circulars, instructions within a period of two months from the date of receipt of recommendations of the HLC.
The ministry has been receiving representations from trade bodies on tax-related issues and disputes that affect the industry as a whole or impact a large sections of the industry.
In the recent past, the government has been involved in tax disputes with some big multinational companies such as Vodafone, Nokia and Shell.
The committee will be assisted by two Nodal Officers not below the rank of Joint Secretary or Commissioner, one each from Income Tax and Customs and Central Excise, the statement said.
The term of the committee shall be for one year from the date of its constitution, subject to further extensions, as may be considered appropriate by the Department of Revenue and shall submit half-yearly reports to the Finance Minister, it added.
In his Budget 2014-15 speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced the setting-up of a high level committee to interact with trade and industry and ascertain areas where clarity on tax laws is required.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 21:30 (IST)

After US  Germany Bans Export of Ranbaxy s Dewas Plant DrugsSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: In fresh overseas troubles, drug maker Ranbaxy has been barred from exporting certain antibiotics produced at its Dewas plant to Germany for non-compliance to 'good manufacturing practice' norms.
The German health watchdog has also communicated its latest regulatory action against Ranbaxy to the European Medicines Agency (EMA), while the company has already faced several run-ins with the US health regulator FDA about its various plants including at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh.
The German regulator issued a non-compliance report for the Dewas facility where Ranbaxy manufactures cephalosporin antibiotics, after an inspection in June this year, according to European Medicines Agency.
"From the knowledge gained during inspection of this manufacturer, the latest of which was conducted on June 27, 2014, it is considered that it does not comply with the Good Manufacturing Practice requirements," the EMA said in a notice on its website.
As per the notice, the German regulator found various deficiencies at the plant including unsatisfactory investigations and deficiencies concerning design and operation of clean rooms.
No immediate comments could be obtained from Ranbaxy Laboratories.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma in a $4-billion deal, has been at the receiving end from the US Food and drug Administration for violation of manufacturing norms. Currently all the four plants of the company  are banned from exporting products to the US.
In May last year, Ranbaxy had agreed to pay $500 million to the US authorities after pleading guilty to felony charges over violation of manufacturing norms at its plants in Dewas in Madhya Pradesh and Paonta Sahib in Himachal Pradesh.
Shares in Ranbaxy, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 630.60 apiece on the BSE, up 0.89 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 23:43 (IST)

The newest gadgets in the marketStory
First take
Gadgets and Gizmos tells you about the newest gadgets and technology in the market and what these offer.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
SAMSUNG NX MINI SMART CAMERA
Samsung Electronics has launched an interchangeable lens camera, NX  Mini, in India. The NX Mini will be available for Rs 22,990 (9mm lens)  and Rs 27,490 (9-27mm lens). The camera has WiFi and NFC integration. It  comes with 1 inch BSI CMOS sensor, Wink Shot and Baby Monitor. The  company claims that the NX Mini is the world's slimmest and lightest  camera. The weight of this smart camera is 158 grams and thickness is  22.5mm.
DARVEYS.COM
Darveys.com is a new online luxury and fashion shopping website that imports collections directly from the UK and claims to sell the products at the same price. The e-commerce portal has tied up with 287 boutiques all over the world. It sells a wide range of apparel, handbags, shoes and accessories from brands such as Dolce and Gabbana, YSL (Saint Laurent), Michael Kors, Alexander Mcqueen, Tory Burch and many others.
MOBIKWIK W2W MONEY TRANSFER
MobiKwik has launched a new wallet-to-wallet (W2W) money transfer service. The new W2W service includes a 'Request Money' feature that provides users a simple method to alert others of any pending payments. You can transfer as little as one rupee or a maximum of Rs 5,000 in a single transaction. For security reasons, a one-time password is generated before each money transfer is made. The app is available on Google Play, Windows, and Apple Store.
SPICE FIRE ONE MI - FX 1
Spice Mobile has launched India's first Firefox smartphone, the Fire One Mi - FX 1. Aimed at the masses, the dual-SIM device is priced at Rs 2,229. It has a 3.5-inch touch display and is powered by a 1 GHz processor. It is fitted with a 1.3MP rear camera and 0.3 MP front-facing one. Facebook and Twitter apps are preloaded on the phone that offers EDGE and WiFi connectivity. It supports Hindi, Tamil and many other Indian languages.
SONY XPERIA C3
Sony has launched a new smartphone, Xperia C3, priced at Rs 23,990. It will have 5.5-inch HD screen with Bravia facility. The selfie-focused device has a 'PRO selfie cam'. It has an 8 MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5 MP front camera that has 25mm wide-angle lens and 80-degree field of view with LED flash. The company is also offering a selfie camera app. The device is powered by a 1.2 Ghz processor and 1GB RAM and runs on updated Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.
LG NB5540
LG Electronics has launched the LG NB5540 Sound Bar. It has a wireless subwoofer and supports HDMI with Audio Return Channel. Connectivity options include USB, Portable Input, Optical, HDMI Input, HDMI Output, and Bluetooth. It comes with a 35mm Sound Bar and Hi-Fi Digital Analog Converter. It supports audio formats such as MP3, WMA, WAV, OGG (up to 48kHZ) and FLAC (to 24-bit/192kHz). It consumes 30 watts power. The dimensions of the subwoofer and the main device are 296 x 332 x 296mm and 1020 x 35 x 82mm, respectively.
FLIPKART DIGIFLIP ET701
Flipkart has launched five new Android-Jelly Bean tablets under the Digiflip Pro range with Intel Atom processors in India. The ET701 has a seven-inch display with resolution of 1024x600 pixels. It is powered by a 1.2 GHz Intel Atom Z2520 dual-core processor and 1GB of RAM. This tablet has a 2MP rear camera and a 0.3MP front-facing one. It offers 8GB of internal memory and its battery is 2800mAh. For connectivity, it has only the WiFi option.

MPs connect over poor BSNL connectivityMPs connect over poor BSNL connectivity
Our Bureau
Netas want to know: is it inefficiency or deliberate?
New Delhi, December 1:  
Cutting across party lines, Lok Sabha members on Monday aired concern over the poor state of connectivity faced by BSNL subscribers in all the States.
Raising the issue during Zero Hour, K Geetha of YSR Congress said BSNL mobile towers are not being given electricity in Andhra Pradesh. In Delhi too, MPs with BSNL connections using the MTNL network are facing frequent call drops, she added. She wanted to know whether this is due to BSNL’s “inefficiency or were facilities being denied to it to facilitate private players.”
Geetha was joined by members from the BJP, Congress, CPI(M), Trinamool Congress, Biju Janata Dal and Shiv Sena.
Arvind Sawant of the Shiv Sena alleged this is being done deliberately to suit private players.
Each MP had an incident to relate. Balabhadra Majhi of the BJD said that last month he had to force the authorities to postpone the postal examinations in his constituency as students from four blocks could not download admit cards due to poor BSNL connectivity.
Narayanbhai Kachhadiya of the BJP said 15 BSNL towers were installed several years ago to serve 800 villages in western Gujarat but none had been activated yet.
Joining in, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said in Visakhapatnam too, students had to pay a penalty as they were unable to complete job applications online.
He said he will pursue the matter with the Communications Minister.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Cox & Kings Up on Unit s Partnership  Debt Retirement PlansOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in Cox & Kings Ltd gained over 2 per cent to a day high of Rs 285 on Thursday.
Its subsidiary Meininger Holdings has formed a partnership with Fonciere des Regions to expand the Meininger brand across the leading cities in Europe.
Under this partnership Meininger will operate hotels under its brand in a lease structure and will also provide other services appropriate to its brand.
Over next four years the strategic partnership plans for a total hotel investment of 400 million euros.
Fonciere des Regions is a European leader of the hotel real estate market and has successful relationships with leading operators in the sector, including Accor, B&B Hotels, NH Hotels and Louvre Hotel Group.
The company has also raised Rs 1,000 crore from share sale last month for retiring debt.
Its chief finance officer, Anil Khandelwal told Reuters that the company's debt will come down to Rs 24,000 crore in 2015 from Rs 45,000 crore in 2014.
Its capex requirement has almost halved, while share sale proceeds and annual cash flows of Rs 500 crores till FY17 would be mostly used to retire debt, added Mr Khandelwal.
Shares in Cox & King ended 0.88 per cent higher at Rs 279.95 apiece, outperforming the broader Nifty which ended 0.3 per cent higher on Thursday.
(With inputs from Reuters)

DDA begins scrutiny of  Housing Scheme 2014  draw resultsDDA begins scrutiny of 'Housing Scheme 2014' draw results
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 13:26 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has started scrutinising applications of the allottees in the recent draw of its much talked-about housing scheme following allegations of discrepancies in the result.
The housing authority, however, said it would not delay the process of final allotment which is slated to start in the second week of this month, when DDA will hold a camp for the successful applicants.
"After scrutiny, the successful applicants will be finally alloted the flats but in case any discrepancy is found in the application, the flat will go to the wait-listed candidate", its officials said.
The draw of lots for the flagship Housing Scheme 2014, deciding the fate of 10,08,985 applications, the highest in DDA history, was held on November 25.
The scheme offered 25,040 flats across categories ranging in price between Rs 7 lakh and Rs 1.2 crore.
There are over 1000 applicants in the waiting list. Among the successful allottees were found three applications having consecutive application numbers, but DDA has ruled out any foul play.
As per procedure, application numbers are fed into the computer which a fresh randomised number is allotted to every application.
In this case, consecutive numbers were 1145321, 1145322 and 1145323 whereas the randomised numbers given by computer were 759776, 613457 and 507478 for these applications.
"It is clear that the randomised numbers are quite far apart and are not consecutive", DDA said in a statement.
The DDA said that, on the direction of Vice-Chairman, DDA, Balvinder Kumar, all original applications of all the applicants have been called from the banks and these will be scrutinised to find out whether there are mistakes in the punching of data or there are inadvertent mistakes done by the applicant himself or herself.
"The results of the draw are provisional as no documents were asked at the time of submission of application and the claims of applicants for reservation under various categories or otherwise were accepted as such", it said in a statement.
All applications were included in the draw whether there were multiple submissions from one person or family.
"The scrutiny of claims and documents will be done for the successful applicants", it said.
On preliminary scrutiny it has been found that in some cases, the successful allottees' names and father's names were the same even though there was difference in application numbers, addresses and PAN numbers.
Similarly in many cases, the application numbers are consecutive even though there is difference in addresses and application numbers, it said.

NGT bans vehicles older than 15 yrs in DelhiNational Green Tribunal bans all vehicles older than 15 yrs in Delhi
Tommy Wilkes        Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 13:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The National Green Tribunal has banned all vehicles older than 15 years from the streets of the capital, New Delhi, in a bid to clean up air that one prominent study this year found to be the world's dirtiest.
The ruling hits up to a third of the 8.4 million motorbikes, trucks, cars and auto-rickshaws that ply the traffic-choked roads of Delhi and its surrounding areas, transport officials estimate.
Cities across the world are ordering older vehicles off the road or restricting private car use to tackle growing air pollution. Mexico City introduced a ban on older vehicles driving on Saturdays this year, while in March, France briefly enforced the most drastic traffic curbs in 20 years.
"It is undisputed and in fact unquestionable that the air pollution of ... Delhi is getting worse with each passing day," the National Green Tribunal ruled in a judgment last week banning older vehicles from city streets.
Vehicular emissions are the cause of close to three-quarters of Delhi's air pollution, the Delhi government estimates, and a World Health Organization study of 1,600 cities released in May found India's capital had the world's dirtiest air. India rejected the report.
The ban in Delhi lacks incentives to encourage drivers to trade in their older vehicles but eventually could boost sales for carmakers like Maruti Suzuki India and Tata Motors, as the capital accounts for 17 percent of India's new car sales, said IHS automotive analyst Puneet Gupta.
In Russia, sales of the Lada car have grown thanks in part to a state scheme that provides cash incentives to buy new cars if people sell their old ones for scrap.
Critics of the Delhi ruling say it is largely unenforceable, and will do little to tackle pollution in a city where 1,500 new vehicles roll onto the roads every day.
"Polluting vehicles occur in all different vintages, not just older cars," said Anumita Roychowdhury at the Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment.
She said authorities should introduce testing of vehicles for pollution levels, and raise taxes on more polluting vehicles to discourage their use.
"You really need to scale up public transport and you need to reduce the overall volume of vehicles on the road," she said.

Patel Engineering sells Mumbai land for Rs 300 croreSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Patel Engineering has sold a 4-acre plot in Mumbai’s central business district, Bandra Kurla Complex, for about Rs 300 crore as part of plans to sell assets to reduce debt.
Patel Realty, a subsidiary of Patel Engineering, last week signed a deal to sell the land to unlisted realty company Kanakia Spaces Ltd, industry sources said.
Patel Engineering’s Managing Director Rupen Patel did not reply to calls made for seeking comments.
Sources said the company is also in advanced talks with at least two investors for getting a co-developer for its 16-acre residential complex which it is building in Yogeshwari in Mumbai.
The deal to get a joint developer for the Yogeshwari residential complex is likely to get the company Rs 700 crore, they said.
In September, Patel Engineering had sought shareholder’s approval to dispose off its non-core assets to cut debt.
In a filing to stock exchanges in late September, it had said that it is planning to sell assets to reduce debt to the extent of Rs 1,000 crore.
As of March 31, the company’s total consolidated debt was Rs 4,478 crore.
TAGS: Patel Engineering
More from companies

SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs. 83NEW DELHI, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 18:07 IST
SAIL share sale floor price fixed at Rs. 83
PTI
iron and steel
The government’s five per cent stake in steel giant SAIL will be sold at a floor price of Rs. 83 a share on Friday.
“The government expects to garner Rs. 1,500-1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. The floor price will be Rs. 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent,” an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the Finance Ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs. 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned companies in the current fiscal.
The floor price indicates a 2.75 per cent discount to the closing price of SAIL shares that ended 0.35 per cent down at Rs. 85.35 on the BSE.

ECB Leaves Cost of Borrowing UnchangedYou are here: Home Global Economy
ECB Leaves Cost of Borrowing Unchanged
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 18:28 (IST)
Fed Faces Big Decision Over a Few Choice Words
Frankfurt: The European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged on Thursday, holding them at record lows while it considers whether to print money to buy government debt to shore up the euro zone economy.
The decision to leave the cost of borrowing at record lows was widely expected after the ECB cut rates to rock-bottom levels in September and the bank's president, Mario Draghi, then said they had hit "the lower bound".
At Thursday's meeting, the ECB left its main refinancing rate, which determines the cost of credit in the economy, at 0.05 per cent.
It also kept the rate on bank overnight deposits at -0.20 per cent, which means banks pay to park funds at the central bank, and held its marginal lending facility - or emergency overnight borrowing rate for banks - at 0.30 per cent.
Markets now turn their attention to Draghi's 1330 GMT news conference, watching for any indications on the shape or timing of possible government bond buys - a step known as quantitative easing.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

This is what I know about great sex"This is What I Know About Great Sex!"
By Priyam Chaturvedi | Cosmopolitan India –  Tue 2 Dec, 2014 6:22 PM IST
Print
Ah, sex. At Cosmo, we've talked a great deal about it, with one mission in mind-for women to be able to openly discuss this 'taboo' topic, and for you to have the kind of toe-curling nookie you deserve! So for our coming-of-age issue (at 18, we're legally adults now!) we decided to turn to some of India's coolest, most empowered women- 'What would you like to tell the Cosmo girl about having great sex?' Here's what they came back with...
Shobhaa De
COLUMNIST & AUTHOR
"What do I know about sex? Alarmingly little. Or way too much. It's all about perspective. We are born sexually aware creatures. Gradually, society's conditioning makes sure we 'control' our sexualfeelings-particularly as little girls. Adults believe they are protecting us from getting into trouble-hurting ourselves, hurting others. But the truth is, it's society protecting itself from responsibility and care. The bogey of unwanted pregnancies is used to instill fear in women-the fear of sex, the fear of enjoyment. And it's this fear that colours so many aspects of our adult lives later. When sex is equated with fear, you kill all pleasure. In our society, a woman expressing an uninhibited interest in exploring her own sexuality is branded a 'loose woman'. Generations have grown up thinking of sex as something evil, something to be ashamed of. By isolating sex as nothing more than a dirty physical act, we have degraded and de-valued it. This is such a pity! Sex has to be enjoyed in a more holistic way...at every level-physical, emotional and spiritual. Experts teach us how to work on special techniques to enhance the physical experience. Very few bother to highlight the other, more vital aspects of appreciating sex and sensuality. Aspects that involve all the senses. Good sex does not begin and end with an orgasm. It is the coming together of countless textures, tastes, smells, touches...and more importantly, emotions and memories. Let's just say one lifetime is not enough."
Nonita Kalra
COLUMNIST & FASHION COMMENTATOR
"I moved cities. Away from the weight of my conditioning, and discovered that good girls do it. My first home was a working women's hostel, and most evenings ended up with a bunch of us gathering after a night out- discussing our sexual adventures. They ranged from one night stands sans guilt, to sex in public places, to being cheated on, to a discussion on the boy who couldn't get it up. Away from it all, I learnt that we wanted it as much as men. No wait, we want it more. Because we denied ourselves longer. I believed I was building character. And strong moral fibre. If self flagellation is what was required to fit in, so be it. I took this confusion with me into my 20s. Holding onto my virginity like some strange badge of honour. Until my world collided with freedom. I moved away from home, to Bombay. To a working women's hostel. Occupied by these strange goddesses who had sampled sex and spoke about it with a frankness that made me blush. At first, I just gazed upon them with awe. Then very quickly, I became one of them. You see, we all had one thing in common: we were re-inventing ourselves and the first thing we chose to fix was our sex lives. Because all along we knew one thing. We wanted it as much as men. Exactly like men. Erica Jong's "Zipless F*ck" (Immortalised in her 1973 novel Fear Of Flying) became our user manual. Erotica, a vital part of a library. And sexual adventures our aperitivo. Our sexual history checklist ran a bit like this: one night stands. Check. Sex in public places. Check. Experiments with the same sex. Check. Committed sex, casual sex. Check, check. Instructions from the Kamasutra. Ouch. I embraced my sexuality wholeheartedly and headlong. So much so, that for a short while, I was the agony uncle for a sex column, online. And yes, I wrote fairly good smut under a nom de plume. The female body is designed for pleasure. After all, the clitoral head alone has 8,000 nerve endings. Double what men have in the organ that controls them."
Sandhya Moolchandani
AUTHOR, KAMASUTRA FOR WOMEN
"When asked to do a book on the Kamasutra for women, I was hesitant. Barring a few nervous giggles looking at the pictures as a teenager, I'd not read the book. I'm not alone, most people regard it as a prurient book about impossible sexual positions, more a lark than anything useful or practical. But when I sat down to go through the terse aphorisms, I found to my surprise that much of the book is not about sex at all. Rather a very detailed and astute exploration of human behaviour and sexuality which is quite different from the act itself. The lessons for better sex have reall ynothing to do with sex at all, rather about connectedness, commitment and conversation, about selflessness and friendship, about harmony, attention and communication. Seeking sexual pleasure is not just good, but something to be actively sought. There is an art to love and sex for sexual prowess too is something that has to be carefully cultivated and learnt. After all, relationships cannot be fulfilling if they're lopsided. It does take two to tango, so while men were taught to pay attention to their appearance and manners, and techniques to pleasure their lovers, women too were taught the arts to please and be pleasured, to love and in turn be loved, for then, says Vatsayayana, does a relationship even qualify as a relationship. More than modern for something written 1700 years ago. Especially today when sensuality has become such a distant memory."
Dr Reenu Jain
GYNAECOLOGIST
"Great sex has a lot to do with science. For instance, men and women are attracted to each other thanks to chemical messengers called pheromones. These are arousal stimulating chemicals that signal sexual desire, hormone levels, and fertility. When released by the body, certain pheromones can work like magic to attract members of the opposite sex. I also know a little help in the bedroom department can make a big difference. For instance, if sex hurts, a water-based lubricant can ease the pain. Doctors also recommend the woman-on-top position, as it lets you control the pace and movement according to your comfort. And if you're trying to have a baby, experts recommend the missionary position, with a pelvic tilt. Put a pillow under the pelvis to help elevate it and create a slide effect - providing an easy path for sperms to travel through the cervix."
Dr Amrita Narayanan
PSYCHOLOGIST
"Of the many things you can do for your sex life, knowing yourself is perhaps the most important. Research on sexual health tells us that masturbation is an important milestone to sexual development, yet worldwide, women masturbate less than men. In India, research tells us that the majority of Indian women do not even have words for their sexual body parts. Masturbation generates self awareness. Women who are experts on their own bodies can maximise their pleasure as well as their partner's, and feel empowered enough to ask for what they want during sex. Solo sex gives us a fuller understanding of the fantasies we find appealing. Plus, masturbation can tell us what puts our bodies on the merry road to orgasm, as well as what are the interesting pit stops we would like to make on that route. While you're at it, it also helps to ask yourself some Qs: 'What makes me wet?'; 'How wet do I like to get before I feel comfortable inserting my fingers?';'Where is my clitoris located?' Remember, every woman is different, so when it comes to what turns you on, there are no wrong answers."
HAVE GREAT SEX NOW!
Some fun, kinky ideas that promise a damn good time...
1. Keep Oh-So Quiet
Not being allowed to make any noise can be a huge turn-on. Stuff his tie into his mouth, then do dirty things to him until he's digging his nails into his palms to keep from ripping that gag out.
2. Be Dirty While Getting Clean
The shower is practically made for the quickie. The ideal position for you is bent over, aiming the shower head at your hot spot while he's doing his thing from behind.
3. Evoke His Blind Ambition
You wake up with 2.5 minutes to spare before your alarm rings. Rip off the cami you slept in, and tie it over his eyes. Now you can spin a fantasy using only words. Cue- 'Everyone is watching us going...'
4. Rev Your Engine
When he takes you out for a fancy occasion, park the car at the most underground point in the garage. Then straddle him while he's still buckled up.
5. Use the Tools of Another Trade
A spatula in the kitchen can be used to swat a naughty bum. A hairbrush can be used to stroke his chest and thighs. The key is to get creative with your arsenal.
AND THE STUFF YOU DON'T know about sex!
We bet you didn't know this fascinating, sexy and useful info! Your breasts can swell up to 25 percent when you're aroused, making them supersensitive.
News to celebrate: a woman's odds of climaxing every time increase as she ages.
The average speed of a guy's ejaculation is 45kmph. Um, wow.
It's possible for a guy to orgasm and not ejaculate. So if you don't see the, uh, evidence, it doesn't mean he's faking it.
The clitoris has about 8,000 nerve endings and it doesn't stop growing. By the time you're 32, your clitoris is four times larger than puberty.
Reproduced From Cosmopolitan. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ:
1 - 4 of 50

The man behind Ala ElaUpdated: December 4, 2014 19:53 IST
The man behind ‘Ala Ela’
Sangeetha Devi Dundoo
Telugu cinema
Anish Krishna is beaming at the warm reception to his debut film
Anish Krishna is not new to the industry, but isn’t swayed by its methods, at least so far. He worked as a freelance editor for six years before he directed Ala Ela. The small film has been gaining momentum as more people are trooping into the halls to find themselves regaled by refreshing comic lines. Anish doesn’t dole out diplomatic answers. He discusses flaws in his film and dissects the performance of one of the cast members without stating that the conversation is ‘off the record’.
The filmmaker has the rare ability to laugh at himself. “I don’t know how to narrate a story. I barely managed to communicate my thoughts to Rahul (Ravindran) and he got the drift,” he grins. The highlight of the film is the friendly banter between Rahul, Vennela Kishore and Shaani and the comic lines were born out of the director’s observations of people around him. “Some of my friends and I are married and the humour comes from experience,” he says.
Ala Ela is Anish’s second script. His first script was a thriller written in 2006 but he felt a rom-com would be a safe bet for a debut. “I saw Rahul’s performance in Andhala Rakshasi and felt he would be ideal for this role. I wrote the film in two months time and went to shoot with a bound script,” says Anish, who studied CA in Vijayawada, though his heart was in cinema. “I had no guidance. I knew there is a demand for CAs in the industry. I hoped my education would help me enter the industry.” While in Vijayawada, he also met Ashok Vardhan who would later produce Ala Ela. “My brief to cinematographer Sai Sriram and music director Bheems was simple — to present things differently,” he says.
Though Anish knew his strength lies in comedy, he admits being unsure of how it would all come together. “There’s a lot of comedy when the grandfather is on the death bed. We were worried if people would feel offended by the humour. I was relieved to see the audience laughing,” he says.
The film registered thin openings when it released last Friday but soon picked up steam. “A lot of people tell me they haven’t laughed so heartily of late. I feel happy,” he grins.
Anish also understands the film’s pitfalls. The lack of romance between Rahul and Heebah Patel, he says, was intentional. “It takes time for them to develop a bond and I had to keep the suspense. But there was a hint — Chinmayi dubbed for Heebah,” he says. Likewise, the subplot involving a HIV-affected character has elicited mixed response. “It couldn’t have been a touch-and-go situation since it wouldn’t have lent depth to Heebah’s humanitarian outlook,” he says.
Next, he plans to direct a crime comedy. Anish watches Tamil, Malayalam and English films and feels that helped him look at things with a fresh approach.

French horns Snow shoes Pentagon details what it gives to U.S. policeBy Dan Lamothe and Steven Rich December 4 Follow @danlamothe Follow @dataeditor
A member of the St. Louis County Police Department points his weapon in the direction of a group of protesters in Ferguson, Mo. in August. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)
The Pentagon program that sends excess military equipment to police across the country has been under scrutiny since August, when civil unrest in Ferguson, Mo., came to a head and the tactics of police there came under fire by civil rights advocates. But the controversy appears to have prompted change: after years of declining to do so, the Defense Department has released a detailed breakdown of what it has supplied to police departments.
The results range from the mundane (battery chargers), to the powerful (armored mine-resistant vehicles), to the surprising (trumpets?). It also includes everything from helicopters to robots designed to help bomb squads.
The Pentagon’s Excess Property Program, sometimes known as the 1033 Program, has supplied police departments across the country with more than $4.3 billion in gear since 1997, including $449 million in 2013, Pentagon officials said.
The data was quietly posted on a Freedom of Information Act reading room for the Pentagon’s Defense Logistics Agency on Nov. 21, as the Marshall Project noted today . It’s a significant change in policy: The Defense Department has repeatedly rejected FOIA requests for a full accounting of the 1033 program’s recipients.
The spreadsheets, captured here for Checkpoint , highlight the sheer volume of equipment the Pentagon is giving away — and that many of the departments receiving it are not big-city departments, but small police forces.
There are hundreds of organizations that have received armored mine-resistant vehicles, for example. Designed to protect combat troops from gunfire, rockets and roadside bombs, they have been sent to police departments who are ostensibly concerned about terrorism. Recipients include:
The Val Verde Sheriff Office in Del Rio, Texas, which protects a rural county of about 50,000 people near the Mexico border.
The Washington Police Department in Iowa, which has 10 sworn officers in a town of about 7,000.
The Rehoboth Police Department in Massachusetts, which serves a town of about 10,000 along the Rhode Island border.
The Saddleback College Police in California, which work at a community college.
Perhaps predictably, among the most common items issued were rifles, both in 5.56mm and 7.62mm caliber. They were supplied to departments large and small in a variety of quantities. Police in Long Beach, Calif., for example, have received 200 5.56mm rifles.
On the unexpected side: the Los Angeles County Sheriff Department in southern California received 500 pairs of snowshoes, the Clayton Township Police Department in Michigan and the North Kingsville Police Department in Ohio each received a French horn, and more than 372 televisions were supplied to police across the country, designated “for personal/home use.” In Cherokee County, Ala., the sheriff’s department also received 15,000 metal fence posts. Total value: more than $127,000.
Previously on Checkpoint:

Aamir and Kiran celebrate Azad s birthdayCelebrity
Aamir and Kiran celebrate Azad's birthday
Aamir Khan and Kiran Rao celebrated their son Azad's birthday early this year with a private party on December 3 in Mumbai.
Kiran and Aamir had a private party for Azad this year.
1 / 21

Citi fined for lax analyst supervisionCiti fined for lax equity analyst supervision
Jonathan Guthrie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23f3fca4-7406-11e4-b444-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Downgrade hurts iron ore producersDowngrade hurts iron ore producers
Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/226c417e-7bdc-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

British Drugmaker Cutting Hundreds of US JobsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Nobel Prize for DNA Discovery Fetches $4.7M in NYCIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Dan Lamothe and Steven RichA congressional hearing heard about a sharp increase in near-collisions between drones and planes.
Dec 10, 2014
The former deputy secretary of defense is named by the president as his nominee to lead the Pentagon.
Dec 5, 2014
White House aides have hinted that Obama had lost confidence in Hagel’s ability to oversee the war against the Islamic State and U.S. military operations in Iraq and Syria.
Dec 4, 2014
A new Pentagon report could fuel debate over whether the military is prosecuting sex crimes effectively .
Dec 3, 2014
The former No. 2 at the Pentagon is little known outside Washington but is renowned for his intellect.
Dec 2, 2014
25 incidents have been reported by pilots since June alone, showing an increasingly dangerous situation.
Nov 26, 2014
Since June 1, pilots of passenger airlines and other aircraft have reported 25 near-collisions with small drones across the United States.
Nov 26, 2014
After less than two years, he plans to leave the job in what could portend a broader shake-up by the president.
Nov 24, 2014
The FAA is investigating after drones have been flown over at least a half-dozen football games this fall.
Nov 9, 2014
Lt. Col. Isaac Zida attended counterterrorism and military intelligence training courses.
Nov 3, 2014
Load More
About
Craig Whitlock covers the Pentagon and national security for The Post, where he has worked as a staff writer since 1998. He served as the paper’s Berlin bureau chief for nearly six years, covering terrorism networks in Europe, South Asia, the Middle East and North Africa.
Most Read

Benedict Cumberbatch enters the world of magic: Named Marvels Doctor StrangeComments
He has solved cases as Sherlock Holmes, been exiled as Julian Assange and saved Britain from the Nazis as Alan Turing, but British actor Benedict Cumberbatch is not done playing the hero as Marvel announced on Thursday he will star as Doctor Strange.
Benedict Cumberbatch turns to Marvel magic as Doctor Strange. (Photo courtesy: Marvel)
Marvel's Doctor Strange will follow the story of neurosurgeon Stephen Strange, who suffers a severe accident and loses the ability to perform surgery, thus turning to the mysterious world of magic and alternate dimensions. "Stephen Strange's story requires an actor capable of great depth and sincerity," Marvel studio President Kevin Feige said in a statement.
"In 2016, Benedict will show audiences what makes Doctor Strange such a unique and compelling character." The film is scheduled for release in November 2016 and will be directed by Sinister filmmaker Scott Derrickson with a screenplay by Prometheus writer Jon Spaihts.
The role is another notch in Cumberbatch's growing portfolio of films, and he is currently gaining Oscar buzz for his performance as Turing in biopic The Imitation Game. The 38-year-old actor reprised the role of his breakout Emmy-winning character Sherlock Holmes for the fourth season of BBC's modern day adaptation Sherlock airing in 2015, alongside actor Martin Freeman.
Cumberbatch also starred alongside Freeman as the dragon Smaug and the Necromancer in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit films.
The final installment is due in theaters this month. Cumberbatch will enter the comic book superhero movies as Walt Disney co-owned Marvel Studios plans to enter the next big stage of the Marvel universe, with more Captain America, Guardians of the Galaxy and Avengers films planned through 2018.
Alongside Doctor Strange, new Marvel franchises will include Ant Man starring Paul Rudd in 2015, Black Panther starring Chadwick Boseman in 2017 and Captain Marvel, the first female superhero to anchor a stand-alone Marvel film, due in 2018.

McDonald s-Bakshi dispute: Delhi High Court stays Company Law Board orderSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The Delhi High Court has stayed a Company Law Board (CLB) order to transfer the litigation between McDonald’s and Vikram Bakshi, estranged North and East India partner of US fast-food giant, to the Chennai bench of Company Law Board .
A bench of Justice Sanjeev Sachdeva passed the order after Bakshi’s counsel informed the court that there was no consent for transferring the litigation to the Chennai bench.
The matter is fixed for further consideration on January 15, 2015.
“It is submitted that the Chairman of the Company Law Board has transferred the matter to the member on the Chennai Bench for hearing the same. The counsel for the appellant submits that though the order of the Chairman records that the consent was given by the appellant, an application has been filed before the Chairman that no consent was given on behalf of the appellant and a modification has been sought.
“In the meantime, till the next date, the operation of the order dated November 27 of the Chairman is stayed. It shall be clarified that the interim order shall not come in the way of Chairman disposing of the clarification application filed by the appellant,” the bench said.
On January 30, Bakshi had offered buying out the US food major’s stake in their joint venture Connaught Plaza Restaurants.
The two parties are fighting for management control of the joint venture firm before Company Law Board .
Incorporated in June 1995, Connaught Plaza Restaurants is a 50:50 joint venture between McDonald’s Corporation and Vikram Bakshi. The JV has been running fast-food outlets in North and East India.
In a public notice on August 30, McDonald’s India said “Vikram Bakshi has ceased to be the Managing Director of Connaught Plaza Restaurants Ltd (CPRL) pursuant to expiry of Bakshi’s term on July 17.”
The move was challenged by Bakshi before Company Law Board which had on September 16 last year directed maintaining status quo with respect to shareholding and board pattern and the right of the call option until its further order.
Meanwhile, McDonald’s had on November 28 terminated its joint venture agreement with Bakshi by sending a notice and moved the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA) to settle the dispute.
TAGS: Company Law Board
More from companies

SAIL slips as OFS kicks off  Macquarie maintains underperformDec 05, 2014, 02.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SAIL slips 2% as OFS kicks off, Macquarie remains bearish
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAIL slips 2% as OFS kicks off, Macquarie remains bearish
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Steel Authority of India (SAIL) slipped 2 percent intraday on Friday as its offer-for-sale (OFS) kicks off. The government, which will divest its 5 percent stake in SAIL has fixed the floor price at Rs 83 per share.
Not very impressed, Macquarie has an underperform rating on the stock as it sees 30 percent downside at target price of Rs 63 per share. The brokerage prefers buying NMDC and JSW Steel instead of SAIL forsimilar but more efficient business model.
It says that SAIL looks cheap on asset valuations,but its competitive advantage has reduced by USD 65-70 per tonne due to a sharp fall in global iron ore prices. "This means that the expected improvement in SAIL’s margin post up-gradation/expansion will fail to materialise. SAIL expansion also comes at high capital cost of USD 1500 per tonne and is unlikely to be PAT positive on current iron ore prices," it says in a note.
Macquaire further adds that even under a blue sky scenario of USD 124 per tonne EBITDA and 18 million tonne volume in
FY17E, 6x EV/EBITDA implies equity value of Rs 90, indicating 5-6 percent upside from current market price.
The OFS
The government, which has 80 percent stake in SAIL, plans to sell up to 206.5 million shares through an auction on the stock exchanges. Through this, the government hopes to rake in Rs 1500-1700 crore.
"Government expects to garner Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 1,700 crore from SAIL disinvestment. Floor price will be Rs 83 and retail investors will get a discount of 5 percent," an official said after a meeting on SAIL disinvestment in the finance ministry.
The SAIL offering would be the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal. Retail investors would get a discount of 5 percent to the bid price in the SAIL offering.
As much as 10 percent of the offered shares has been reserved for retail investors, who can buy shares worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 percent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 percent stake sale in SAIL.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities, JP Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale. While the new government assumed power in late May, there has been no PSU share sale so far in the current fiscal. During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, government has raised Rs 1,500 crore from sale of SAIL shares while the entire disinvestment proceeds stood at over Rs 16,000 crore.
At 09:18 hrs Steel Authority of India was quoting at Rs 84.15, down Rs 1.20, or 1.41 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from PTI)

See capex for next 3-4 years around Rs 15-20cr: Monte Carlo08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sandeep Jain, ED, Monte Carlo Fashions spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the road ahead. The company is looking to garner about Rs 350 crore through IPO which closes today. The price band of the issue has been fixed at Rs 630-645.
Jain said that the company’s focus is trading goods as well as manufacturing. It also plans to diversify to southern and western regions of India.
Monte Carlo has spent Rs 133 crore capex over the last two years. For the next three-four years, the capex won’t be more than Rs 15-20 crore, he added.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sandeep Jain's interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: I understand that the money raised will go to the promoters and private equity (PE) investors. What about the company’s own capex plans for the next few years? What exactly is the capex that the company needs and how do you plan to fund it?
A: First of all I would like to thank the investors, media analysts, fund managers who have shown immense trust and confidence in this brand and that is why the IPO subscribed on day two.
As far as capex is concerned, we had major capex in the last two years. We have spent almost Rs 133 crore which was for construction of new buildings, state of art buildings, office block and also some of the machines which got replaced. Therefore, going forward we do not see the capex of more than Rs 15 crore to Rs 20 crore for the next three–four years.
Latha: You will manage without any capital expansion for three-four years?
A: It is basically labour intensive industry. It is not a capital expensive industry. So we do not see major capex in next three-four years as the building has been constructed, some of the machines has been bought so they can serve our purpose for going forward.
Latha: Can you split-up your revenue. What is the traded goods revenue and what is the manufactured revenue and what are the margins on both of them?
A: Talk about traded goods, basically we have in-house design studio where we have designing facility for cotton and woollen garment. In case of cotton garments, some of the facility is in-house and balance we outsource. Therefore, it is not possible for a brand to manufacture everything in-house when they grow. So that is why designs are given to the vendors and they make the garments for us and then they supply it to us. All the big companies in the world like Zara, GAP, Levis, they depend on this model. So we put more focus on the marketing to build the brand and we are putting less focus on constructing factories for producing our own garments. So it is easy, we can source it easily, the price is also good and there are reliable suppliers, so we outsource it from vendors in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Ludhiana.
Sonia: Can you tell us what exactly is the market share that you enjoy in the Indian winter wear market and how much this whole segment can grow over the next couple of years?
A: As far as Technopak Report is concerned, in our mid premium segment we enjoy more than 60 percent market share in the mid premium segment because there is no appropriate comparison available as the total market for woollen is unorganised, very few players are organised, so it is difficult to find out the exact market share for that but as far as Technopak Report is concerned the woollen industry is growing at 9 percent per annum and it is approximately USD 2.3 billion right now which is going to be approximately USD 5 billion USD in next ten years. As far as, Monte Carlo Fashions is concerned in case of woollen, this brand exists since last 30 years. If we see the growth of last eight years, woollen has grown 18 percent per annum and from the last eight years cotton has grown around 30 percent per annum.
Sonia: You do have a focus primarily on north and eastern India. Do you have any plans to diversify into other parts of the country as well?
A: We have been established player in case of winter wear category in north and east. So it was easy for us at the beginning to convince our customers as they have loyalty for the brand, for cotton garments and now once we are established ourselves in cotton garments in north and east, now we are penetrating into south and western regions. We already have appointed distributors and we see good growth coming up in the near future in those regions.
RELATED NEWS

More than $150 bn of oil projects to face ax...More than $150 billion of oil projects to face axe in 2015
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.28PM IST
Cutbacks in oil production bodes ill for cos that are struggling to replace depleting reserves as exploration becomes harder & discoveries smaller. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Global oil and gas exploration projects worth more than $150 billion are likely to be put on hold next year as plunging oil prices render them uneconomic, data shows, potentially curbing supplies by the end of the decade.
As big oil fields that were discovered decades ago begin to deplete, oil companies are trying to access more complex and hard to reach fields located in some cases deep under sea level. But at the same time, the cost of production has risen sharply given the rising cost of raw materials and the need for expensive new technology to reach the oil.
Now the outlook for onshore and offshore developments - from the Barents Sea to the Gulf or Mexico - looks as uncertain as the price of oil, which has plunged by 40 percent in the last five months to around $70 a barrel.
Next year companies will make final investment decisions (FIDs) on a total of 800 oil and gas projects worth $500 billion and totalling nearly 60 billion barrels of oil equivalent, according to data from Norwegian consultancy Rystad Energy.
But with analysts forecasting oil to average $82.50 a barrel next year, around one third of the spending, or a fifth of the volume, is unlikely to be approved, head of analysis at Rystad Energy Per Magnus Nysveen said.
"At $70 a barrel, half of the overall volumes are at risk," he said.
Around one third of the projects scheduled for FID in 2015 are so-called unconventional, where oil and gas are extracted using horizontal drilling, in what is known as fracking, or mining.
Of those 20 billion barrels, around half are located in Canada's oil sands and Venezuela's tar sands, according to Nysveen.
ASSESSING THE ECONOMICS
Geographically, the projects on the balance are widespread.
Chevron's North Sea Rosebank project is among those with a shaky future and a decision on whether to go ahead with it will likely be pushed late into 2015 as the company assesses its economics, analysts said.
"This project was not deemed economic at $100 a barrel so at current levels it is clearly a no-go," said Bertrand Hodee, research analyst at Paris-Based Raymond James. He estimates a development cost of $10 billion for Rosebank, with potential reserves of 300 million barrels - meaning the Chevron would only recoup $33 a barrel.
Page 1 of 2

China to build world s longest metro rail ne...China to build world's longest metro rail network
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 11.49AM IST
Commuters inside a metro train, Beijing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China is expected to build 8,500 kms of subway systems by 2020, giving it the world's longest metro rail network , the government said today.
Nineteen cities have recently extended their metro systems, with total mileage expected to hit 3,000 kms by the end of the year, Chinese Minister of Transport, Yang Chuantang was quoted as saying by state-run China Daily .
Public transit, especially the subway, has had a major effect on easing congestion in Beijing, and the government will inject more funding to promote its development, Dai Junliang , deputy mayor of Beijing said.
Four new subway lines will open to the public this month, which will extend the capital's subway to 527 kms, the longest in the country.
Daily ridership will increase gradually to more than 10 million, the Beijing Commission of Transport said.
To guarantee safety with such large passenger numbers, security should be strengthened, Yang said.
Staffing numbers at some subway systems are not sufficient, and some staff members are not qualified in employing high technology, leaving the potential for security risks, he said.
On Thursday, Beijing's subway system held a mock drill to handle derailment of subway trains.
Teams from the subway and bus companies, medical personnel and traffic police, rehearsed rescuing trapped passengers and resuming passenger service.
Chen Wen, a director in charge of emergency response and coordination with Beijing Metro Group, said more than 70 emergency plans have been prepared for different situations.
Beijing has 26 professional emergency rescue teams with more than 500 members and holds more than 600 drills every year to sharpen capabilities in dealing with emergencies, such as fire in a metro station or equipment failures.
In addition to frequent drills, Yang called for improved laws and regulations to promote metro management and security.

Atul surges 7% ahead of board meet to mull mergerDec 05, 2014, 11.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Atul surges 7% ahead of board meet to mull merger
Atul said the meetings of the audit committee and the board have been convened today to consider the merger of Amal (a sick company registered with the BIFR), an associate company, with the company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Atul surges 7% ahead of board meet to mull merger
Atul said the meetings of the audit committee and the board have been convened today to consider the merger of Amal (a sick company registered with the BIFR), an associate company, with the company.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Atul shot up as much as 7.4 percent intraday Friday ahead of board meet to consider merger of a sick unit with self.
Atul said the meetings of the audit committee and the board have been convened today to consider the merger of Amal (a sick company registered with the BIFR), an associate company, with the company.
Atul, an integrated chemical company, has established subsidiary companies in the USA (1994), the UK (1996), Germany (1998), China (2004) and Brazil (2012) to serve customers.
At 11:31 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,306.10, up Rs 47.30, or 3.76 percent amid high volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Tanla up 9%  deploys new messaging platform with VodafoneDec 05, 2014, 11.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tanla up 9%, deploys new messaging platform with Vodafone
Fast Track, a state of the art application to person (A2P) messaging platform, offers a robust core short message service center (SMSC) layer that is deployed within Vodafone’s network and controlled by a centralized SMS hub platform using MPLS connectivity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tanla up 9%, deploys new messaging platform with Vodafone
Fast Track, a state of the art application to person (A2P) messaging platform, offers a robust core short message service center (SMSC) layer that is deployed within Vodafone’s network and controlled by a centralized SMS hub platform using MPLS connectivity.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Tanla Solutions climbed more than 9 percent intraday Friday on leveraging Vodafone’s network for A2P messaging services.
The hyderabad-based mobile messaging and payment solutions provider announced the deployment of its fast track platform for application-to-person (A2P) messaging with Vodafone Business Services (VBS), the enterprise arm of Vodafone India, said the company in its filing.
Fast track, a state of the art application to person (A2P) messaging platform, offers a robust core short message service center (SMSC) layer that is deployed within Vodafone’s network and controlled by a centralized SMS hub platform using MPLS connectivity.
Tanla said the platform has several enriched features like intelligent routing, spam prevention and number portability detection.
The market for A2P SMS messaging continues to grow worldwide and is estimated to be worth USD 60 billion by 2018, according to Juniper Research, it added.
At 11:00 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 15.95, up Rs 0.60, or 3.91 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Silver plunges Rs 325 in futures trade on weak global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

LT eyes orders worth $18-20bn in army  navy eachDec 05, 2014, 06.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
L&T eyes orders worth $18-20bn in army, navy each
MV Kotwal, Whole-time Director & President (Heavy Eng), L&T said that the involvement of private sector in defence sector has been very slow until now.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T eyes orders worth $18-20bn in army, navy each
MV Kotwal, Whole-time Director & President (Heavy Eng), L&T said that the involvement of private sector in defence sector has been very slow until now.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) has granted industrial licences to several defence companies. In tune with the Modi government’s ‘Make in India’ push, the DIPP has cleared most of the 34 industrial licence proposals stuck since 2012.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 about the same, MV Kotwal, Whole-time Director & President (Heavy Engineering),  L&T said that the company sees strong orders coming from defence sector.
He added that the company has been present in this sector for almost 25 years and has expertise in building key warships and submarines.
Kotwal sees award opportunity of USD 18-20 billion in army and navy each.
Below is the verbatim transcript of MV Kotwal\\s interview with Anuj Singhal and Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is L&T’s opportunity in the space?
A: The opportunities are absolutely huge. This is primarily because we have been in this Defence area for more than 25 years now and therefore we are very well prepared and positioned in all respects.
Latha: The proposal that was cleared by the DIPP, Pipavav Defence got some seven orders, Punj Lloyd aviation two, Tata Motors one, Piramal Systems one, we didn’t see any L&T name or orders over there, nothing pending with the government as of now, is it more a question of you are going to bid?
A: No. The announcement is about licenses to manufacture and not orders at all. These specific licenses stem from the fact that in 2002, the first time the government came open talking about involvement of private sector, they had asked for companies to apply for licenses and I must mention here that L&T was the first corporate and today the only corporate which has licenses to manufacture the entire range of defence equipment whether it is army, navy or air force, the entire range is already there with us since 2002. So what has happened and what has now been talked about is very recent applications when I say recent they are 2011 applications some of them have got cleared but this is only licenses to manufacture, that is nothing to do with orders. That will happen much later.
Anuj: Over the next three-five years how big is the defence opportunity for L&T, what is the current defence formation of your topline and going forward how much can it go up to?
A: I must give you a little perspective so that I can build up this entire answer. As I mentioned we have started this more than 25 years ago, we started laying the foundations of various not only investments in plant and machinery but also in developing people and technology for a whole wide range and that is why today we are in a position to bid for a wide range of complete systems and platforms.
When I say platforms, I am talking about full submarines, warships, tanks and such total vehicles. In addition to that when you come to systems, we need a lot of know-how in engineering and design. This has been well established at various centres in the L&T spectrum and we also have virtual reality facilities, which enable the frontend, design capabilities which no other organisation in India has. This is the kind of base we have and therefore today when we talk about potential, we are talking about coming to fruition of a huge efforts put in over decades. Now we see, potentially in the various areas of the army, the navy and of course the air force for various types of equipments.
If I were to quantify that, when you look at the army, we look at the next few years as a potential of more than USD 18-20 billion worth of systems, which are going to be available which are of interest to L&T and a similar number approximately is also there in the marine area. You total up all these, this is not numbers, we have to be having the capability, the capacity to tackle all these numbers and this is the other difference as far as L&T and some of the other companies where we have already put in place the investments. They are already ready for this kind of work and therefore we are quite confident that we will be able to meet the needs of the armed forces in future.
Latha: Actually the government has been a little wary or dragging its feet in involving private sector too much in defence equipment. At the moment what is your percentage of your revenues or orders that come at all from defence and what might it be five years down the line. That is what Anuj is trying to look at?
A: Look at the broader picture today our revenues in defence equipment. I am not including anything which is peripheral, which has also to do with huge civil project which we take upon. I am not talking about that. The core defence equipment is of the order of USD 0.5 billion, USD 400-500 million.
Now when we go forward in the next four to five years in any case we are absolutely confident it will more than double and then beyond that since there is a large number of projects as I mentioned in the pipeline which are going to stretch over some few more years this whole number from USD 1 billion can go to USD 3 billion in the following three years.
So, that is the kind of picture we are looking at. It is going to be a major growth story for the simple reason that we have built the necessary foundations and have the necessary people, which is the most vital thing. So that is the kind of numbers we are looking at, just in the case of core defence equipment.
Anuj: My analyst tells me that there is this big submarine order that is up for grabs and it is a big USD 8 billion and you have been shortlisted for that as well. How confident are you about bagging this order and what kind of order would this be in terms of revenues for your company?
A: When you talk about involvement of the private sector in general I must say that the progress has been very slow. However, in the case of submarines we have got fantastic opportunity in getting involved in the first nuclear submarine and that really has built a solid foundation for us. We have got ready facilities and trained manpower including all the necessary equipment for design and engineering in the lot for taking on the entire scope right from the detailed engineering to complete commissioning of full systems. This is the kind of scope we have got and therefore we are the only company other than MDL of course which has got the track record there is no other company which can claim anything to do with actual manufacture of submarines and we are not only manufacturing we have established all these capabilities which are well known.
That being the case, coming to your question about 75 projects we see as part of a continuum because way back in 2000 or so the government had already announced its intention of having two clear streams of submarine manufacture and then consolidating that into one Indian design going forward because the navy at that time had a perspective plan of having 24 submarines over 30 years. So we had very methodically built these capabilities right from that time and today we are absolutely in a position to take it on. So actually we are more than ready, we have got the capacities and capabilities and we are only hoping that the government takes that decision soon because we are absolutely in all respects ready to take the whole project on.
You talked about value, it will entirely depend on the final configuration but it would be probably in the range of about USD 8-10 billion, that kind of a number but we have to see how it comes. This is too early to really project a particular number, it will depend on how the government handles the entire scope. Of course some numbers have come out to the press but they are all approximate. One has to wait for the final RFP as they call it to describe exactly what they need and that is when we will get closer to the real numbers.
Latha: What about battery management systems and tactical communication systems. These orders are also being spoken about. Some such order has gone to BEL and it has subcontracted part of that to you. Where do you figure what are the numbers we are talking about, what are the systems we are talking about?
A: I must correct you again here, the tactical communication system was the first program which the government announced in the so called Make India category, the first one. And as part of the deal, part of the scheme actually they were to shortlist two companies or organisations to tackle this program. What we did in the tackle communication system way back in 2011 actually we have already been shortlisted as among the top two. One of them being BEL and the other being L&T led consortium which comprises L&T, Tatas and another companies.
So, these are the two which are already shortlisted. It is not one subcontract with the other. Independently these would develop these systems. So we are waiting for the clearances now and we proceed on that program and BMS would be in such program.
Latha: And what is the amount we are talking about?
A: There itself it would be about Rs 8,000-10,000 crore and then following that BMS will be an even larger program. There is an FICB program which had also come into this list. So these are major programs which is different from equipment which are already available. These are for futuristic requirements, new developments to be done and we are very proud of the fact that in the first program itself we got included, the tactical communication system. So we are just waiting for the final clearances and then we proceed with the development. That part, the development portion is going to be funded 80 percent by the government.
Larsen stock price
On December 10, 2014, Larsen and Toubro closed at Rs 1483.75, down Rs 19.25, or 1.28 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1774.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 951.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 63.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.36. The latest book value of the company is Rs 362.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.09.
RELATED NEWS

Indias manufacturing  services growth outpaced China in Nov: HSBCIndia’s manufacturing, services growth outpaced China in Nov: HSBC
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
The manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, an HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said.
“2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005,” the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November. China registered growth for the seventh month running, while India posted the fastest growth since June.
Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
“Downturns in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China’s economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November,” Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms’ expectations for activity in 12 months’ time, fell to a new record low.
All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for the next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

GAIL subsidiary signs agreement to procure natural gas for liquefaction in USGAIL subsidiary signs agreement to procure natural gas for liquefaction in US
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:20 PM IST
GAIL (India) Limited on Friday announced signing of a sourcing agreement between its subsidiary GAIL Global USA LNG LLC (GGULL) and US-based company WGL Midstream Inc (WGLM) for procurement of natural gas required to produce about 2.5 million tonnes per aannum (MTPA) of liquified natural gas (LNG) at the Cove Point Terminal located in Maryland, US. WGLM is a subsidiary of WGL Holdings Inc, a prominent natural gas company of the United States.
 
The definitive gas sale and purchase agreement has been signed for a period of 20 years and supplies are expected to commence from late 2017 when the LNG terminal, in which GGULL holds liquefaction capacity, becomes operational.
 
BC Tripathi, chairman and managing Director of GAIL, said, “We are delighted to partner with WGLM which is part of a group having a rich history of over 160 years in natural gas supply business in the mid-Atlantic region. This agreement is another milestone towards GAIL’s efforts in sourcing of LNG to meet the rising demand of gas in the Indian market. We are now in the process of chartering of LNG ships thereby entrenching our presence across the complete LNG supply chain and bring more value to the Indian customers.”
 
On the occasion, Terry D. McCallister, chairman and chief executive officer, WGL Holdings, Inc said, “WGL Midstream’s long-term relationship with GAIL capitalizes on the growing supply of abundant natural gas from the Marcellus Shale production region. This growing supply source has been providing clean burning natural gas to Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States and now will supply the country of India as well."
 
GAIL has already signed a 20 year Sales and Purchase Agreement with Sabine Pass Liquefaction LLC, a unit of Cheniere Energy Partners, USA for supply of 3.5 million tonnes per year of LNG. GAIL also signed a Terminal Service agreement for 2.3 million tonnes per year of LNG liquefaction capacity with Dominion Cove Point LNG LP, USA.
 
WGL Midstream handles non-regulated gas business with operations covering midstream infrastructure and energy services. Its parent, WGL Holdings, Inc., is a public utility holding company serving the Washington, DC metropolitan region besides supplying energy and clean energy solutions in 30 states. Washington Gas, its leading subsidiary has been providing natural gas service to customers in the DC metropolitan area for over 160 years and serves more than one million customers in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia.

RIL charters smaller vessel to ship diesel to Singapore in rare moveRIL charters smaller vessel to ship diesel to Singapore in rare move
Reuters | Singapore Dec 05, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Reliance Industries
has chartered a medium-range vessel to carry diesel from India to Singapore in December, a rare move for the refiner that typically uses larger vessels for the route, traders said on Friday.
Medium range vessels can carry about 35,000 to 40,000 tonne of diesel. Reliance usually ships diesel to Singapore in long-range 2 sized vessels, or Aframaxes, that can carry about 80,000 to 100,000 tonne of fuel, or in a long-range 1 sized vessel, or Panamaxes, that can carry about 50,000 to 60,000 tonne.
As much as possible, Reliance ships diesel to Europe or Africa when arbitrage economics are viable and moves the fuel to Singapore only when demand in Europe is weak, traders said.
"It is not economical in terms of freight costs to move the cargo in a smaller ship to Singapore, compared with moving larger volumes to the west from India," a shipbroker said.
It is unclear if Reliance plans to store the oil product in Singapore or sell it directly to a customer in the region.
India shipped about 94,000 tonne of diesel to Singapore in the week to Dec 3, data from International Enterprise shows.
Reliance, controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani, operates the world's biggest refining complex in Gujarat, where its two adjacent plants can process about 1.4 million barrels per day of oil.
In the past, it has sold diesel to countries like Australia, which is Asia's top diesel importer and where import demand is growing due to closures of its ageing refineries, traders said.

Huawei to spend $10 mn to beef up its India ...Huawei to spend $10 million for a slice of Indian smartphone pie
By Danish Khan , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.38PM IST
Not just Huawei, but its Chinese counterpart ZTE is also investing in building a profitable business for online sales of smartphone.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Chinese telecom gear and handset maker Huawei is looking to invest $10 million (about Rs 620 crore) in 2015 to beef up its presence in India's surging smartphone market, with half the outlay earmarked for establishing the ecommerce business for its Honor sub-brand.
"The investment will go towards establishing a dedicated ecommerce team in Bangalore along with promotion and marketing of the brand," Wang Guodong, president, India device business department, at Huawei, told ET.
By leveraging the ecommerce route in India, the company hopes to boost sales to the levels achieved by Xiaomi and Motorola in the country.
With just two months of sales, Xiaomi has raced up the ladder to capture 1.5% share of the Indian smartphone market and is on track to double market share sequentially, while Motorola has solidified its presence in list of top five smartphone vendors in India.
Not just Huawei, but its Chinese counterpart ZTE is also investing in building a profitable business for online sales of smartphone.
In September, Huawei tied up with e-commerce marketplace Flipkart to launch its Honor brand of smartphones. Smartphones Honor 6 and Honor Holly and tablets Honor X1 and Honor T1 fall under this brand.
According to Guodong, the traction has been good so far with the company selling 75,000 units of Honor 6, a 4G LTE-enabled smartphone.
Guodong said the company will launch more 4G smartphones next year, including Honor 4X, a dual-mode LTE smartphone. "We would launch more 4G smartphones under our Honor brand next year."
The company has negligible market share in the open market and majority of its handset sales come from its operator business. It has been a late entrant in the open market for smartphones in India.
With $10 million investment, the company is targeting 2% market share by the end of December, 2015. "Our target is to sell over 2 million smartphones, including both the brands in 2015," Guodong said.
As per research firm IDC, Samsung led the Indian smartphone market in the third quarter with 24% share, followed by Micromax (20%) and Lava (8%). IDC has said the current growth will result in shipment of over 80 million units in 2014.
Under the Huawei brand, the company plans to continue launching low- to mid-range smartphones, the latest being Ascend Mate 7, which will hit the Indian market in a few days.
Huawei manufactures its mobile devices in Shenzhen, China, and has a manufacturing facility in Chennai for network equipment.
On when Huawei would start manufacturing in India, Guodong said it would depend on demand and volume, besides clarity on government policy. "We have Chennai facility for telecom gear, which can be scaled up for smartphone manufacturing. Once we achieve our target for 2015, we would seriously consider manufacturing in India," he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Forgive Niranjan Jyoti  be generous: PM Narendra Modi tells Lok SabhaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

J-K: 2 jawans  2 cops killed as militants attack Uri army campTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Arvind Kejriwal to address students at Columbia UniversityDec 05, 2014 at 12:40pm IST
Arvind Kejriwal to address students at Columbia University
169
0
Washington: The Aam Admi Party (AAP) chief Arvind Kejriwal will address the students of the prestigious Columbia University in New York on Sunday, his supporters in US said on Thursday.
Kejriwal is scheduled to stay in the New York for less than 24 hours, during which he will interact with students at the School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA), Columbia University on December 7, AAP volunteer from Chicago, Munish Raizada said.
Due to Kejriwal's busy schedule in view of the Delhi Assembly elections, he is making a short visit to the US at the request of his supporters in that country.
Kejriwal is scheduled to stay in the New York for less than 24 hours, during which he will interact with students at the School of International and Public Affairs.
#arvind kejriwal #columbia university #aap #us
"Otherwise, there is huge demand from the strong AAP support base in North America and United Kingdom to visit various cities," he said.
"Even this short trip has energised the AAP cadre in USA and the volunteers will redouble the efforts to participate in the Delhi elections," Raizada said, adding that Kejriwal would also interact with AAP supporters in the US.
22

IT stocks slide as rupee strengthens against dollarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth gets 6-month extensionCabinet Secretary Ajit Seth gets 6-month extension
Our Bureau
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Ending the suspense, the Government has given Cabinet Secretary, Ajit Kumar Seth, a third extension.
“The Appointments Committee of Cabinet has approved the extension in service to Ajit Kumar Seth, as Cabinet Secretary for a further period of six months beyond December 13, 2014,” a Government statement said. Seth is a 1974 batch Indian Administrative Service Officer (IAS) of the Uttar Pradesh cadre.
The previous UPA Government appointed Seth as Cabinet Secretary with effect from June 14, 2011, for a period of two years. Last year, he was given one more year, while the new Government extended his term by six months in June this year. This period was supposed to end on December 13. But now, he will continue till June next year.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Oilmeal exports fall 34% in NovemberOilmeal exports fall 34% in November
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI, Dec 5:  
India's oilmeal exports in November dropped more than a third from a month ago to 157,356 tonnes, a leading trade body said on Friday.
The fall in November exports was mainly due to a 72 per cent decline from a month ago in rapeseed meal exports to 39,133 tonnes, data from the Solvent Extractors' Association of India showed.
Soymeal supplies from India, Asia's leading supplier, is expected to pick up from December as supplies arrive later than usual due to late sowing of the main summer oilseed crop following a delayed monsoon.
Traders said Indian soymeal supplies continued to be costlier for traditional buyers in Southeast Asia compared with supplies of the animal feed from South America.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

HDFC Bank to cut lending rate by March: Aditya PuriHDFC Bank Managing Director Aditya Puri (file photo)
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country’s second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, a top official said today.
“Now I’ve reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see by March or so base rate will come down,” the bank’s Managing Director Aditya Puri told PTI after launching a blood donation drive.
Puri said the base rate or the minimum rate of lending is computed on the cost of deposits and the bank cannot cut its lending rate unless the deposit rate comes down.
Once the cost of deposits come down, following the December 1 cut in short-term deposits of up to one year maturities, the bank will pass on the benefit to borrowers, he added.
The bank’s base rate currently stands at 10 per cent and the last movement in it was in November last year, when it was hiked by 0.20 per cent.
The bank cut the deposit rates by 0.25 to 0.50 per cent in various buckets ranging from 49 days to less than a year deposits, attributing it to low credit pick-up, drop in money market rates and competitor’s moves.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had rued the fact that banks are not passing the benefits of the declining rates environment to the borrowers, saying the policy measures are not getting transmitted as desired.
Puri today said that policy transmission has happened as the banks have cut rates in different offerings such as car loans, where banks have reduced their spreads, but added that it does not reflect in the base rate due to deposit rates.
“Already interest rates have gone down in the market, whether it is car loans or term loans. Monetary transmission with or without reduction in policy rates has already happened,” he said.
Puri said Rajan’s stance has been dovish, which comforts the banking system and added that the RBI Governor should unleash a 0.50 per cent cut in the next policy.
“His statement is also dovish, saying that once he can see stability in the benignness of inflation, you can expect a cut. Let’s hope that the cut is a meaningful one at 50 basis points since he didn’t do it this time,” Puri said.
HDFC Bank today started a single-day blood donation drive at 2,000 locations across the country simultaneously. Last year, it had collected 67,000 units of blood in a similar drive and is targeting the same to go up to 1 lakh this year, Puri said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Govt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL OFS subscribed 42% till noonGovt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL offer over-subscribed
BS Reporters | Mumbai/New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 03:10 PM IST
Kicking off its disinvestment drive on a positive note, the government's share sale offer in steel major SAIL got over-subscribed today by nearly 1.5 times with almost an hour still left for bidding, ensuring at least Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer. 
The offer for over 20 crore shares of SAIL received robust response from retail investors, to whom the government offered 5% price discount and reserved 10% or over 2 crore shares. 
The government is selling 5% stake in SAIL through this one-day offer, which received bids for more than 30 crore shares, worth over Rs 2,500 crore, by 2.45 pm itself. 
The bidding was scheduled to continue till 3.30 pm at the BSE as well as the NSE. 
Incidentally, the BSE website data showed the offer as getting over-subscribed 131% at around 2.25 pm, before revising it downward to 69%. Around 15 minutes later, the data on both BSE and NSE websites showed the offer getting over-subscribed. 
The retail segment was over-subscribed 1.28 times, while non-retail segment was over-subscribed 1.5 times as on 2.45 pm, taking the total subscription level of over 20 crore shares at 1.48 times. 
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 58,000-crore by selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal. It is also first disinvestment during the current fiscal. 
It is probably the first OFS in which the stock exchanges are showing the retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately. 
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75% less than yesterday's closing price. 
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5% stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer, which is expecting a minimum amount of Rs 1,500 crore after taking into account retail discount. 
The government currently holds 80% stake in the company, which will fall to 75% after this offer.
The Centre plans to raise Rs 36,925 crore by selling its stake in 10 public sector undertakings, including behemoths Oil and Natural Gas Corpatiion (ONGC), Coal India and NHPC, and smaller firms like Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) and Container Corporation of India (Concor).
Additionally, it plans to raise about Rs 6,500 crore from part-sale of the stake it holds through Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (Suuti) in Axis Bank, Larsen & Toubro, and ITC; and Rs 15,000 crore from sale of its residual stake in Hindustan Zinc and Bharat Aluminium Company (Balco).
Apart from SAIL, finance ministry officials are confident that Coal India, ONGC, and NHPC will hit the market by the end of January. At current prices, the combined proceeds from these four public sector behemoths will be around Rs 42,911 crore.
So far, however, there is less clarity on stake sales in the smaller companies, some of which might be shelved. The combined proceeds from sale of five% each in Concor, PFC, REC and MOIL could be about Rs 5,210 crore at current rates, while the government expects about Rs 5,500 crore from sale of 10% each in Hindustan Aeronautics and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has set a tight fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product, so every rupee counts.
The tax authorities have to raise Rs 6.54 lakh crore in the second half of 2014-15 — 28% more than what they did in the period from October 2013 to March 2014 — to meet the full-year target of Rs 9.77 lakh-crore. So, it is imperative that the targets from disinvestment, spectrum sales, and special dividends are met.

Marico Kaya hits upper circuit for third dayMarico Kaya hits upper circuit for third day
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:48 PM IST
Marico Kaya Enterprises is locked in upper circuit for third day in a row, up 10% at Rs 1,007, also its record high on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The stock has frozen upper limit of 5% in past two trading sessions, surged 21% from Rs 830 on NSE. At 1225 hours, a combined 187,454 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 34,948 shares on BSE and NSE.
Since November 12, 2014, the stock has rallied 65% from Rs 609 after the company reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 12.6 crore for the quarter ended September 2014 against a net loss of Rs 1.10 crore in the same quarter last fiscal. The benchmark CNX Nifty gained nearly 2% during the same period.
A strong revenue growth recorded by international business help the company to record turnaround results during the quarter.
India business reported net revenue same store growth (SSG) of 10% and international business of 23% respectively, Marico Kaya said in a statement.
Meanwhile, the company posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 13.27 crore in first half (April-September) of the current financial year 2014-15 against a loss of Rs 7 crore during the same period last year.
 

Militants fire at cops residence  no casualtyBy: Press Trust of India | Shillong |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:44 pm
A senior police officer and his family members had a close shave when armed militants attacked his official residence in Meghalaya’s East Garo Hills district headquarters, police said on Friday.
In a daring attack, militants, suspected to belong to the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), went to the official residence of Additional SP R T G Momin, and fired randomly from AK series rifles damaging the outer walls of the residence last night, SP Davis N R Marak said.
The officer was supervising law and order duty in other areas of the town when the attack took place even as his family members had a narrow escape through the back entry of the house, the official said.
“The armed militants had planned to detonate a powerful IED through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in but our personnel spotted the device concealed in a plastic bag outside the compound,” he said.
The incident took place at around 9 PM when crowds were out on the streets of Williamnagar celebrating the last day of the winter festival organized by the district administration, they said.
The SP said the district police had received inputs of possible attacks at the winter festival but in view of the strict security apparatus, the militants carried on the attack somewhere else.
“Security in Williamnagar was beefed up with frisking of vehicles and commuters making it difficult for the militants to target the festival site and this could have provoked the attack at the officer’s house,” the SP said.
More than ten empty shells and three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants fired on the police officer’s quarters.
The militants also left behind a five kg IED bomb near the main gate.
Preliminary investigation by police indicated that three militants had come with an intention to create a major havoc in the town, Marak said.

Natalie Portman film faces trouble  delayed for the second timeBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:41 pm
Natalie Portman’s film ‘Jane Got a Gun’ is facing trouble yet again as the release date has been delayed for the second time.
The 33-year-old actress, who is playing the lead role as Jane Hammond in the film, will be released late next year, reported Contactmusic.
Earlier, the film was about to release in August 2014 but in April it was announced that the movie would hit cinemas in February 2015.
The studio bosses have announced now that the movie has been pushed back again and will now release on September 4 next year.
The movie has faced lots of troubles from delays to casting changes. Director Lynne Ramsay dropped out from the project last year and Gavin O’Connor took her place. There were lots of changes in the cast also – Micheal Fassbender, Jude Law and Bradley Cooper will be replaced by Joel Edgerton and Ewan McGregor.

Tevar director Amit Sharma is a star filmmakerWritten by Sankhayan Ghosh |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:39 pm
Many a times in airports, railway stations and restaurants, people have walked up to Amit Sharma asking him why he has been staring at them. Sharma ends up doing this almost inadvertently in public spaces — observing people around him.
Being a filmmaker, he says, there are stories he can draw from real life. Sharma recollects a scene from an airport in France like he is narrating a scene from his script — where a black guy and a Caucasian girl refused to leave each other’s arms while saying goodbye. “It’s in places like these where you witness stories. There are all kinds of people, with contrasting emotions. Some may be happy, others sad,” he says.
In the advertising world, Sharma is a star filmmaker with a showreel studded with blockbuster commercials — think back to the Google reunion ad featuring two childhood friends divided by Partition of India and Pakistan; or the ‘Silent National Anthem’ campaign featuring hearing and speech-impaired children that won a silver at the world’s biggest advertising awards Cannes Lions 2011. Sharma, along with his two partners, runs Chrome Pictures, a production house that has some of the most reputed brands and agencies as their clientele.
But it’s been 10 months since Sharma shot a commercial. Currently he’s living his debut feature film ‘Tevar’, a remake of the Telugu film ‘Okkadu’. When we meet him at Clinton Cerejo’s studio at Juhu, Sharma is engrossed in the background score session of ‘Tevar’.
From the promos, ‘Tevar’ looks like a generic action fare but Sharma insists that the film has its heart in the right place. ‘Tevar’ was first offered to him by a newly-formed production house three years back but Sharma didn’t want to do a remake. But the central conceit — that of a guy who is a hero by chance and not by choice — stayed with him. When producer Bonny Kapoor approached him with the same idea again after one-and-a-half years, with Arjun Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha already on board, he accepted it. “Tevar will be called a remake but it’s more like how I looked at the central idea of the original and made it my way,” says the 35-year-old from Delhi, “Arjun plays a normal guy minus any in-your-face heroism.”
Even though he is making a Bollywood potboiler, Sharma swears by realism. He shot ‘Tevar’ in Mathura and Agra. According to the filmmaker, the characters and the milieu make a film believable and Sharma has a history of going to extreme lengths to get it right. For instance, when they needed a monkey for an Idea commercial, he found out that it is illegal to shoot with the animal in India so he went to South Africa in search of the perfect monkey. “They continued…

Intex Aqua i5 Octa at Rs 7 499  but only on Amazon.inBy: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:36 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:30 pm
Intex Technologies on Friday unveiled the new Aqua i5 Octa with a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor and 1 GB RAM priced at Rs 7,499. The phone runs Android 4.4 Kitkat OS with a 5-inch display and a 13-MP rear camera. As is the fashion these days, it also sports a 5MP front clicker.
The phone has a 2000 mAh battery and 32 GB extendable memory. It has a 9.6 mm thickness and metal molding for extra durability.
The smartphone can be availed exclusively from Amazon.in from December 5.

Saif Ali Khan  Parineeti Chopra need to experimentWritten by Harneet Singh |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:31 pm
Strange how things turn out. Parineeti Chopra and Saif Ali Khan were slated to pair up in a movie to be directed by Saif’s ex producing partner, Dinesh Vijan (producer Love Aaj Kal, Cocktail and Finding Fanny) but the project got shelved. Parineeti even publically acknowledged her “crush” on Saif and went on record to say that she would “even play a tree” in a Saif-starrer. Taking into account the film choices they made in 2014, both these actors find themselves in a similar spot and need career intervention soon.
Parineeti had a mixed year at the movies — she added the zing in ‘Hasee Toh Phasee’ but disappointed in ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’ and ‘Kill Dil’. At this moment, Parineeti’s career script is reading a lot like Rani Mukerji and Anushka Sharma’s, before they broke out from the Yash Raj Films (YRF) cocoon. To have the biggest studio of the country backing you is an immunity that you do not want to give away, but somebody needs to tell Parineeti that sometimes you have to go out of your comfort zone to reinvent.
Look how Anushka navigated her career graph and shed the baggage of an exclusive-YRF heroine by signing films with filmmakers such as Vishal Bhardwaj, Anurag Kashyap, Rajkumar Hirani and Karan Johar. Even Alia Bhatt has not restricted herself to only Karan’s production house and mixes a ‘Highway’ with a ‘Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhaniya’. Hope Parineeti does fair justice to her talent and chooses right. Surely there’s more to her than just play the fiery, loud girl-next-door.
And then there’s Saif, who is still dealing with ‘Humshakals’ and its after effects. The Sajid Khan film earned him a lot of negative reactions, which he acknowledged in an interview where he termed the film a “mistake.” Ironically, nobody appreciated his honesty, rather his industry colleagues slammed him for “disowning his own work.” Last checked, he patched up with Sajid. But Saif will need time to forget the lukewarm response to ‘Happy Ending’. This was Saif Ali Khan in his romcom zone doing what he does best, but the audience didn’t care enough.
The ‘Happy Ending’ setback will hurt him more than all the jibes of ‘Humshakals’ but Saif just has to go back to his own career trajectory to know that his audience loved him best when they couldn’t second guess him with ‘Ek Haseena Thi’, ‘Parineeta’, ‘Being Cyrus’ and ‘Omkara’, and stunned us all. He has done it before, he can do it again. Ditto for Parineeti. Maybe they should do that movie together.
harneet.singh@expressindia.com

Rosamund Pike welcomes another baby boyPosted: December 5, 2014 1:25 pm
‘Gone Girl’ star Rosamund Pike and partner Robie Uniacke have welcomed their second son together.
The 35-year-old actress gave birth at home earlier this week. Their baby boy joins big brother Solo in the family, reported E!Online.
Former Bond girl Pike has been dating Uniacke since 2009. She recently said that she felt compelled to become a mother after playing a manipulative wife in Gone Girl.
“After filming I just knew I had to go out there and make a human being. The film was so tough and such a hard experience that the instant I’d finished I thought, ‘I need to bring something positive into the world. Life is good with little people around’,” she had said.

Dion Global - Redefining global workforceSubmit
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about money control privacy statement click here
  Please wait...
Partner Opportunity in the Microsoft Ecosystem
The Total Economic Impact Of Microsoft Lync 2013
Microsoft Office Crosses The Cloud Rubicon
Five keys to partner success in SMB with Office 365
50 ways to use Office 365 for Education
Modernizing your workplace with the new Office
How to build high-performance cloud businesses
WAIT!
Get latest Whitepapers that will  help you enhance your business
Name*

GAIL inks agreement to buy 2.5 million tonnes of LNG from USThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Atul: Outcome of board meetingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SBI Cuts Retail Fixed Deposit Rates By 0.25%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SpiceJet stock falls as airline put on cash-and-carry modeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Prabhu meets investors to discuss Rly projects  frameworkThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Germany kay aankarhay ubhi ubhi subder aayey hain to mandiyon mein ik ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

This was another investment failure of rakesh jhunjhunwala. no correct...New Member
53 Followers
This was another investment failure of Rakesh Jhunjhunwala. No corrective measures have been taken by the GOI so far to lift up the Airlines sector. AVOID
1.57 PM Dec 5th  | Track

Sell jswenergy fut @ 93.5 for tgt 90.5 - 87.3 -- dont miss it will fal...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

For 50 000 crore investment you also have to raise 50 000 crore ...New Member
1 Followers
@Usakrani Why u r so depressed ,while u have all good knowledge about RPower for example from your post "Reliance Power plans Rs 50,000-crore capex over next five years
Economic Times, Sept 30, 2014
MUMBAI: Reliance Power (RPower) plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake various
expansion projects, including increasing power generation and coal production.
"We will complete our first phase of investments of Rs 50,000 crore, in development projects, this fiscal. We now
plan to invest another Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years for undertaking various expansion projects," RPower
chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders during the AGM.
He said the company has invested in projects like the 600-mw Butibori project in Maharashtra, the 4,000-mw Sasan
UMPP and coal production in the region, the 40-mw solar project in Rajasthan and other wind-based projects.
"These projects are coming to financial closure and most of them have begun operations," Ambani said.
He said the funds will be used to commence power generation from its 4,000-mw ultra mega power project in
Tilaiya in Jharkhand as well as the coal production, with a capacity of 40 mt per annum, linked with it and the 700-
mw Tato hydel project in Arunachal.
"The Supreme Court has cancelled the allocation of coal blocks but four and two of them which are linked to our
UMPPs in Sasan in MP and Tilaiya in Jharkhand belong to us. We have coal blocks with a total capacity of 65 mt of
coal and once they are operational we will be the largest coal producer in the country," he said.
Ambani further said the company is mulling participating in the government`s plans to set up solar UMPPs in various
parts.
"We are actively considering participating in the government`s plan to set up solar UMPPs in India. The government
will announce the UMPP schemes and each project is likely to be as large as 500 mw each. We will support one of
them," Ambani said.
Replying to a shareholder`s query about the proposed 7,480 mw Dadri gas-based project in Uttar Pradesh, he said,
"based on the overall scenario we have decided to give back 2000 acres acquired for the Dadri project to the state
which will in turn give it back to the owners."
However, he said "as and when the gas scenario changes, we will have exposure to largest 2,400-mw gas based
Samalkot project in Andhra".
"We hope the government will take efforts to put the capacity of nearly 28,000mw which is lying idle due to lack of
gas to productive use as these are national assets. There were assurances from the government when these plants
were built that gas will be supplied.
"As the government reviews the gas based pooling"
THOUGH I M ALSO investor FROM THE TIME OF IPO and buying since that time a lots of RPower . I M very much Hopefull that  one day I WILL MAKE A BIGGGG PROFIT FROM THIS JUST HAVE FAITH IN YOUR INVESTMENT.

European shares set to reboundEuropean shares rebound ahead of US jobs data
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 5:  
European shares rebounded on Friday, recouping some of the sharp losses suffered in the previous session, as investors positioned for strong US jobs data which would underpin expectations about growth in the world's largest economy.
Estimate-beating German industrial orders also supported the sentiment, adding to signs that Europe’s largest economy is starting to pick up after a weak third quarter.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 was up 0.8 per cent at 1,391.50 points after falling 1.4 per cent in the previous session, when the European Central Bank said any decision on further stimulus would be made next year.
US employment growth likely accelerated a bit in November. Non-farm payrolls probably increased by 230,000 jobs last month after rising by 214,000 in October, according to a Reuters’ survey of economists.
Analysts warned that a number too far above consensus would trigger speculation about an early rate hike by the Federal Reserve.
“Anything above 200k without being too close to 300k...should be supportive of stock markets,’’ Jasper Lawler, a market analyst at CMC Markets, said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Rail minister promises investor friendly framework to privare sector headsPrabhu promises investor-friendly framework to make railways more efficient
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 12:34 AM IST
Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday told a large gathering of private investors and financial institutions his ministry would put in place an investor-friendly framework to transform the national transporter into an efficient organisation.
“We have to put in place a framework to facilitate investment on a long-term, sustainable basis. The idea is to make Indian Railways better than what it is today, in three years,” Prabhu told industry captains at an investor meet here. He clarified the railways would continue to be owned by the government “but we welcome the private sector in infrastructure development”.
Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Kumar said the discussions at the day-long meet involved an overview of five models of participative policy, framework of engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contracts and sectoral guidelines for foreign and domestic investment. “We will now hold two similar meets in January and February, apart from conducting roadshows overseas to attract more investments. We will address all concerns and bring about changes in policy to suit the investors,” he said.
The meeting between rail ministry brass and investors also deliberated on a new model concession agreement under the public-private partnership (PPP) mode and new projects like station development to be rolled out under PPP.
The meeting was attended by representatives of Reliance Infrastructure, Larsen & Toubro, Siemens, Adani Ports, GMR, Tata Infrastructure, Gammon, Jindal Steel and Power, JSW, Bombardier, GE, Alstom, Electromotive Diesel, Bharat Heavy Electricals, NMDC, HSBC and JPMorgan. Kumar said the investors complained of a lack of stability in  policy governing privatisation.
“Railways has informed the new policies that have been finalised. We are keen (to invest) and are watching the developments in the sector. There is an attempt by the railways to correct the imperfections in earlier policies on private participation. The industry gave its suggestions and informed the ministry of issues,” Reliance Group Chief Executive A K Mishra said after the meeting.
Private players currently engaged in various PPP schemes and consultants, including Deloitte Tousche Tohmatsu and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), were also present at the meeting. The newly refined Model Concession Agreement would form the basis of a revival of PPPs in the Railways.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had in July pulled up railways for lacking a coherent policy on PPP and pointed out loopholes in contract designs. Indian Railways is currently working on a target to attract Rs 6,050 crore in rail PPP projects in the current financial year.
Asked whether the benefit of the ongoing decline in crude oil prices will be passed on to consumers, Kumar said there will be no change in the passenger fares at least till the next year's budget in February. He informed the impact of fuel price changes on fares comes after a lag of an entire year. The ministry also announced today it has set up a committee under D K Mittal, former secretary financial services to recommend ways to improve Railways’ financial health.

Is Cyber Monday Still Relevant«Back
Is Cyber Monday Still Relevant?
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Like Black Friday, Cyber Monday is largely a marketing ploy. It first popped up in 2004. The idea was to get people to keep shopping on Monday from their office computers where Internet connections were faster than at home. Today, Cyber Monday has evolved into a marketing campaign urging people to shop all day and all week long, from anywhere using their mobile device. So has cyber Monday become irrelevant? Bloomberg Businessweek
Top Stories

The Movable Hotel Rooms«Back
The Movable Hotel Rooms
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Bloomberg

Mid caps steal the show with record closinghighsDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
On a day when the benchmark indices ended flat, the BSE Mid-Cap index climbed to a record high. The mid-cap barometer closed at 10,499.86 points after gaining 143.75 or 1.4%.
After under-performing Sensex in 3 of the last 4 months ending October, the broader mid-cap index has outperformed Sensex with gains 4.43% in November. In YTD, the BSE Mid-Cap has gained 56.6% against 3.4% gains on the Sensex.
Not surprisingly, even as blue-chip indices failed to make headway on Wednesday, the total market value of listed BSE scrips managed to scale the R100 lakh crore-milestone, supported by the momentum in mid-cap stocks.
Shares of the BPO firm Firstsource Solution rallied the most with a 12% gain, followed by Suzlon Energy (9.8%), MRF (9.5%), Hatsun Agro Products (9%), Lanco Infratech (7.9%), Sulabh Engineers and Services (7.9%), Sadbhav Engineering (7.2%) and Hindustan Construction (7%).
Shares of Torrent Pharma scaled record high on Wednesday along with other stocks such as Tata Chemicals, Bajaj Corp, Redington India, Britannia, Havells India, Pfizer and ING Vysya Bank. Since October 16, Torrent Pharma’s market cap has risen by 5,610.3 crore, with BSE Mid-Cap gaining near 14% during this period. Jet Airways and Strides Arcolab hit their 52-week highs.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Hatsun Agro Products Lanco Infratech
More from indianmarkets

Monte Carlo at 20% grey marketpremiumDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
While analysts have varying recommendations on the ongoing Monte Carlo IPO, the company’s shares are commanding a premium of R125-135 in the grey market, according to people in the know.
The R350-crore issue has been priced at R630-645, which amounts to 19.37%-20.93% in the grey market over the upper price-band.
According to some  analysts, while grey market premium may seem attractive, the company’s fundamentals remain weak. “One may be attracted by the current grey market premium, but the fundamentals lack strength and are not comforting. At R645 per share, company’s market cap will be R1,400 crore, which is aggressive given the trading nature of business, single brand, corporate governance including inter-group dealings, seasonality and geographic concentration of revenues and finally the promoter track-record,” said SP Tulsian, an independent analyst.
The offer includes partial stake sale by Samara Capital via investment firm Kanchi Investments whose holding will decline to 10.94% from 18.51% post IPO. The promoter holding will decline from 81.06% to 63.63% post the IPO. “Since it is an offer for sale, no proceeds from the IPO will go to the company,” Tulsian added.
Meanwhile, some analysts suggest participating in the issue with a 2-year investment horizon. “The company’s net sales have grown at a CAGR of 16.3% over FY12 to FY14. Although, the EBIDTA margins have declined from 22% in FY2012 to 18.7% in FY2014, we believe they are at sustainable levels,” Bhavin Patadia at Angel Broking said in a note.
“We recommend subscribing to the issue at the lower end of the price band from a two-year perspective. From a one-year perspective, we see limited upside potential as valuations seem to be fair,” Patadia added.
The IPO was subscribed 0.61 times as on 5.00 pm IST on Wednesday with the retail book getting subscribed 0.79 times, as per exchange data .
The Qualified Institutional Buyers’ (QIB) book was subscribed 0.74 times. The bidding is open till Friday. On Tuesday, anchor investors were allotted 16.29 lakh shares for a consideration of R105.12 crore. The anchor investors included Aditya Birla PE, DB International (Asia), Birla Sun Life Trustee and Tata AMC.
TAGS: Aditya Birla Monte Carlo
More from indianmarkets

Santos axes 500m debt issue amid oil slideSantos to cut capex and axe €500m debt issue amid oil price slide
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5324d974-7b6a-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Denmark s ISS Sells Cash Management Business in IndiaSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Copenhagen: Danish business services firm ISS has sold its Indian cash and valuables services business to unlisted Indian company SIS Prosegur for an undisclosed amount.
The unit, ISS CVS, has 6,000 employees and in 2013 its revenue was Rs 180 crore ($29.1 million), ISS said in a press release on Thursday.
ISS said the sale, which does not require any additional approvals, is part of its continuing focus on core activities.
($1 = Rs 61.9000)

Shares of cigarette companies jump up to 10% on boursesRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
Shares of cigarette companies such as Godfrey Phillips and ITC surged as much as 10.4 per cent following reports that a Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold.
ITC jumped 5.67 per cent to Rs 383.60 on the BSE, becoming the top gainer amongst the 30 Sensex components.
Shares of Godfrey Phillips surged 10.38 per cent to Rs 650 and VST Industries zoomed 6.52 per cent to Rs 1,991.60.
A Health Ministry proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes is likely to be put on hold following objections by some MPs, including some Union ministers, and farmers associations against taking drastic regulatory steps.
At a meeting called by Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Health Minister J P Nadda assured the MPs that he will look into all issues pertaining to tobacco and arecanut growers and industry before taking any policy decision.
India is the second-largest tobacco producer in the world and its export earns the country foreign exchange over Rs 6,000 crore annually.
TAGS: Godfrey Phillips ITC J P Nadda Venkaiah Naidu
More from markets
Falling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets Apprehensions of a possible repeat of the 1998 Russian financial crisis following a 20% fall in the rouble.

Will 2014 Be The Hottest Year On Record2014 May Be Hottest Year On Record, WMO Warns
Climate Central  |  By                                                                      Andrea Thompson
Posted:
This story originally appeared on Climate Central.
As negotiators at the latest global climate meeting gather this week in Lima, Peru, to hammer out a new international agreement to limit emissions of the greenhouse gases fueling global warming, they are receiving a stark reminder of that warming.
With less than a month to go, 2014 is in the running to become the warmest year on record , the World Meteorological Organization told delegates to the 20th session of the Conference of the Parties to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change on Wednesday. The statement from the U.N. agency is based on data gathered by NASA, the U.K. Met Office , and the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which already announced last month that the year was likely to be the hottest year on record.
The year’s warmth is due in large part to record-high ocean temperatures that have also led to a record-high global average sea level, the WMO said. The bulk of the extra heat trapped by carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases is absorbed by the planet’s oceans.
Global annual average temperature anomalies (relative to the 1961-1990 average) for 1950-2013, based on an average of the three data sets from NASA, NOAA and the U.K. Met Office. The January-to-October average is shown for 2014. The colouring of the bars indicates whether a year was classified as an El Niño year (red), an ENSO neutral year (grey) or a La Niña year (blue). Click image to enlarge. Credit: WMO
“What we saw in 2014 is consistent with what we expect from a changing climate,” WMO Secretary-General Michel Jarraud said in a statement. “Record-breaking heat combined with torrential rainfall and floods destroyed livelihoods and ruined lives. What is particularly unusual and alarming this year are the high temperatures of vast areas of the ocean surface, including in the Northern Hemisphere,” he said.
“ Record-high greenhouse gas emissions and associated atmospheric concentrations are committing the planet to a much more uncertain and inhospitable future,” Jarraud said.
August, September and October of 2014 were all the warmest such months on record, according to data from NASA, NOAA and the Japan Meteorological Agency. Through October, the temperature for the year-to-date was 1.22°F above the 20th century average of 57.4°F, according to NOAA data released in November. The WMO, combining NASA, NOAA and Met Office data found that the year was 1.03°F above the 1961-1990 average of 57.2°F. (Different agencies handle the temperature data slightly differently, leading to small offsets in exact numbers and rankings.)
The likelihood that 2014 will be at least among the warmest years, if not taking the top spot, underscores the long-term warming trend, WMO officials said.
“The provisional information for 2014 means that 14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all occurred in the 21st century,” Jarraud said. The one exception is 1998, which saw a massive El Niño event that drove up global temperatures.
Global ocean heat content anomaly for the 0-700-meter layer from 1955 to 2014. The red line shows the three-month average to July-September 2014. The black line shows the annual average to 2013. Click image to enlarge. Credit: NOAA/NESDIS/NODC
A struggling El Niño event has raised tropical Pacific Ocean temperatures this year, but has failed to elicit the typical response from the atmosphere. Many of the ocean areas that have been most anomalously warm have also been outside of the typical El Niño zone. The global oceans measured 0.8°F above the 1961-1990 average, and from January to June that record ocean heat extended down to depths of about 2,300 and 6,500 feet, the WMO said.
“2010 and 1998 were exceptionally warm because of the additional factor of the strongest-ever occurring El Niño events,” Omar Baddour, of the WMO’s World Climate Data & Monitoring Programme, wrote in an email. So seeing 2014 possibly exceed those years — even if only by a few hundredths of a degree — with at most a weak El Niño “suggests that we're seeing even more clearly the long-term signal,” he said.
When the NOAA announcement was made last month, climate scientist Gavin Schmidt, head of NASA’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies that keeps NASA’s temperature records, said that the differences in temperature between 2014, 2010 and 2005 were small enough that they “are all going to be statistically good candidates for the warmest year,” but that regardless of which year comes out on top, “it’s the long-term trend that really matters.”
And in that long-term trend, it’s clear that this decade was warmer than last, which was warmer than the previous decade.
Another sign of that longer trend is the fact that the last time a year set a global cold record was in 1909 (then tied in 1911), according to a Climate Central analysis of NOAA data. The chances of ever seeing another coldest year on record are vanishingly small.
The WMO has aimed its statement, which also provides an overview of extreme weather events around the world, at the Lima delegates to inform their deliberations, the agency said.
“We hope the delegates make use of the scientific facts that we provided in the statement” along with the findings of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports, Baddour, who coordinated the statement, wrote. “Ignoring the alarming signals contained in the IPCC reports and the annual facts in the WMO statements is rather highly damaging to the planet and its citizens.”
Also on HuffPost:

295 Infra Projects Delayed; Cost Overrun Estimated At Rs 1 Lakh CroreYou are here: Home Economy
295 Infra Projects Delayed; Cost Overrun Estimated At Rs 1 Lakh Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 20:08 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New Delhi: As many as 295 infrastructure sector projects worth Rs 150 crore or more are delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore, the Parliament was informed today.
"As per the 346 Flash Report of August 2014 released by the Ministry of Statistics, out of 720 central sector infrastructure sector projects costing Rs 150 crore and above, 295 projects were delayed," Planning Minister Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
"The original cost of the 295 delayed projects is Rs 5,48,838 crore and anticipated cost is Rs 6,50,274 crore, thus leading to a total cost overrun of Rs 1,01,436 crore," he said.
Out of 295 delayed projects, 62 projects have overall delay in the range of 1-12 months, 66 projects have delay in the range of 13-24 months, 98 projects have delay in the range of 25-60 months and 69 projects have delay of 61 months and above, he added.
The road sector accounted for the maximum number of 92 delayed projects with total cost overrun of Rs 1,975 crore. As many as 32 projects in the Railways sector were delayed leading to the maximum cumulative cost overrun of Rs 46,766 crore.
As many as 43 projects are delayed in the petroleum sector with total cost overrun of Rs 16,320 crore. Similarly, 64 projects are delayed in the power sector with total cost overrun of 12,874 crore. There are 34 projects in the coal sector which are not running as per their schedule with total cost overrun of Rs 10,242 crore.
In atomic energy sector, four projects have got delayed with total cost overrun of Rs 6,284 crore. The number of such projects in steel sector is 16 with total cost overrun of Rs 5,954 crore.
Meanwhile in another reply, the minister informed that during the current fiscal till October, 1,984 km (31 per cent of target) of roads were constructed against the target of 6,300 km for 2014-15.
The government had set a target to award contracts for constructing of 8,500 km of roads. It awarded contracts for 3,419 km (40 per cent of target) till October this fiscal.
The total toll collection was Rs 3,584 crore (55 per cent of target) till October this fiscal.
In railways, the government has set a target of laying 300 km of new rail lines during the fiscal. However, it has constructed 41 km till October this fiscal.
The government has set a target of doubling 710 km this fiscal but it has achieved 237 km till October. Similarly, it has completed rail electrification of 371 km against the target of 1,350. The gauge conversion of 68 km has been done against the target of 450 km.
As much as 9,578.4 MW of power generation capacity was added this fiscal till October against the planned capacity of 17,830.30 MW for whole year, the minister said.
The government has set a target to set up 20,882 circuit km (ckm) power transmission line in 2014-15. It has completed the work on 11,715 ckm. Power generation till October this fiscal was 621 billion units against the targeted 1,023 billion units in 2014-15.
In renewable energy segment, the government has added a capacity of 1,439.11 MW till October against the target of 3,770 MW this fiscal.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 20:04 (IST)

Microsoft quits struggling ereader NookMicrosoft quits struggling ereader Nook
Shannon Bond and Richard Blackden in New York and Henry Mance in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9165bba-7bd5-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ethiopia raises $1bn in debut debt saleInvestors pile into Ethiopia’s $1bn debut debt sale
Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0efe83f2-7bbb-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spanish court report criticises Bankia IPOSpanish court releases report criticising Bankia IPO
Martin Arnold in London and Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/343964a2-7bed-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China equities fluctuate on retail betsStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City Insider: Bob Diamond  Grassroot aidDecember 5, 2014 12:18 am
Bob Diamond backs Grassroot Soccer
Edited by Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38b292ee-7bdc-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1yKzbR4Future of theme parks: Upside-down laser bumper cars
by Arthur Levine
Inflatable Transformer robots towered 30 feet above the IAAPA exhibit hall floor, animated zombies lunged maniacally, and virtual scorpions crawled up real arms. 
Arthur Levine
The IAAPA Attractions Expo featured the introduction of impressive Joker and Cyborg animated characters for Justice League attractions at Six Flags parks. 
Arthur Levine
The Justice League motion base vehicles that move in sync with 3D action projected throughout the attractions, which are set to open in 2015, were also revealed. 
Arthur Levine
Lazer Fury 360 lets passengers drive vehicles in any direction to zap one another with onboard lasers while rotating their seats upside down to aim for targets embedded in the ceiling of the ride. 
Arthur Levine
Additional details about The Skyscraper, the world's tallest roller coaster coming in 2017, were announced. Standing over 500 feet tall, it will include two greater-than-90-degree drops and a total of seven inversions. 
Arthur Levine
WhiteWater took a cue from the video game Guitar Hero for its new Slideboarding attraction. The company plans to add immersive screens to the insides of new or existing water slides. 
Arthur Levine
Strike-U-Up lets players compete against one another by banging mallets on sensors. The goal is for players to send their friends, strapped into ride vehicles, to the top of a 20-foot tower. 
Arthur Levine
Do you have a cool $76,000 to spare? If so, you could buy the world's tallest inflatable water slide. The 51-foot behemoth was on display outside the exhibit hall. 
Arthur Levine
Honolulu Hot Dog Company showcased a custom-made pineapple bacon sausage that is served on a seamless sweet bread roll as a new theme park food option. 
Arthur Levine
Last Slide Next Slide
IAAPA, which stands for the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions, held its 2014 Expo in November. Located in Orlando, the world's theme park epicenter, it was an opportunity for an industry predicated on fun to schmooze and explore ways to keep the mirth flowing and the turnstiles clicking at parks.
As with most industry trade shows, there were plenty of companies hawking their latest products at the IAAPA Attractions Expo. Unlike most trade shows, however, the exhibitors had more than imprinted key rings and the usual tchotchkes to lure conventioneers into their booths. They had inflatable Transformer robots that towered 30 feet above the exhibit hall floor, animated zombies that lunged maniacally, virtual scorpions that crawled up real arms, and a host of other odd incentives.
The sheer scale of the Expo is breathtaking. The massive event, which attracted over 30,000 attendees, presented about 1,000 exhibitors in a 540,000-square-foot hall that accommodated a roller coaster, a Ferris wheel, a drop tower ride, and a bunch of other spinning rides, and had plenty of room left over for a few zip line courses and enough coin-op games to fill at least two dozen Chuck E. Cheese's. It was a riot of bright lights, kinetic action, screaming riders, and so much eye candy, it threatened to send attendees' visual perception into diabetic shock. Among the nine miles of ADHD-inducing aisles were vendors offering everything from the mundane, such as cash registers, to cutting edge technology, such as digital mapping attraction design. During the course of the trade show, Orlando's convention center was essentially transformed into one of the world's premier indoor theme parks.
So, what Expo developments might make their way to your local park? "One of the trends I'm seeing on the show floor is immersion," said Paul Noland, president and CEO of IAAPA, referring to the elaborate themes and encompassing environments that major park operators such as Disney and Universal create to surround visitors in their fanciful worlds. "Even parks that haven't historically been known for themeing and immersion are getting into it."
For example, one of the highlights of the event was the introduction of impressive Joker and Cyborg animated characters from Sally Corporation that the ride manufacturer will feature in sophisticated Justice League attractions it is creating for Six Flags parks near St. Louis and Dallas. The park chain is known more for thrills than story-based attractions. Another company, Oceaneering, revealed the motion base vehicles it will provide for the rides. They will move in sync with 3D action projected throughout the attractions, which are set to open in 2015.
"What I'm seeing at the Expo this year are lots of interactive attractions," said Jeremy Schoolfield, editor-in-chief for Funworld Magazine, the IAAPA trade publication that covers the industry. While there were plenty of video game-style, shoot-em-up rides on display in which passengers rack up points, there were new takes on interactivity available as well. For instance, water park ride manufacturer, WhiteWater, took a cue from a different kind of video game, Guitar Hero, for its new Slideboarding attraction. The company plans to add immersive screens to the insides of new or existing water slides. Passengers on rafts equipped with game controllers would try to match the projected color sequences as they soar through the flumes.
Other show developments that caught Schoolfield's attention incorporated more interpersonal play. "It's people interacting with rides, but it's also friends and family interacting with one another." Skyline Attractions introduced a couple of attractions from what it calls its GamesURide line. For the game-ride, Strike-U-Up, players compete against one another by banging mallets on sensors. But, instead of trying to ring a bell at the top of a tower like high striker midway games, the goal is for players to send their friends, strapped into ride vehicles, to the top of a 20-foot tower. The harder they swing their hammers, the faster their teammates reach the top – and the faster they get to bounce down to the bottom of the tower.
Lots of mashups of tried and true concepts could also be found at the Expo. Amusement Products revealed Lazer Fury 360, an attraction that blends a variety of elements, including laser tag and bumper cars (one of the original interactive rides), to create something new. Passengers drive vehicles in any direction to zap one another with onboard lasers. They can also rotate their seats upside down, and aim for targets embedded in the ceiling of the ride to score additional points.
Amid all of the immersion, interactivity, and technological breakthroughs, there was no shortage of old fashioned thrills. S&S – Sansei Technologies announced additional details about The Skyscraper, the world's tallest roller coaster that will be opening in 2017 on I-Drive in Orlando, a few blocks from the convention center. Standing over 500 feet tall, it will include two greater-than-90-degree drops and a total of seven inversions.
Do you have a cool $76,000 to spare? If so, you could buy the world's tallest inflatable water slide. The 51-foot behemoth was on display outside the exhibit hall. Provided you had the room, it might be a great addition for your backyard. You might want to instruct passengers to remove hairpins and nose rings, however.
Because man cannot live by coaster inversions alone, there were many food vendors promoting a variety of park fare. Waffle on a stick anyone? How about a soft serve machine that dispenses Italian ice? Or cotton candy served on cones that light up? Perhaps the most unique new food item was served by the Honolulu Hot Dog Company (which is actually based in Florida). Its wiener is a custom-made pineapple bacon sausage that is served on a seamless sweet bread roll. Instead of slicing the roll, servers place it on a heated spike to poke a form-fitting hole in the middle and toast the inside. The dog is then inserted into the bun along with a choice of toppings that include tropical fruit relishes.
In addition to serving yummy new treats, showcasing fully functioning mechanical rides, unveiling snazzy new coaster trains (the imposing Batman: The Ride "4D Free Fly" vehicles on their way to Six Flags Fiesta Texas were especially impressive), and letting park reps kick the tires of the newest attractions, the annual convocation also offered panels and seminars. In order to project forward in the always-evolving industry, one of the presentations looked back 50 years to the 1964 New York World's Fair and its groundbreaking Disney attractions, including Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln, "it's a small world," and the Carousel of Progress.
Walt Disney once famously said that "It's kind of fun to do the impossible." According to legendary Disney Imagineer, Bob Gurr, whose projects included designing the parks' monorails, the World's Fair "was kind of impossible." He said that the company signed on to develop "it's a small world" despite having less than 10 months until the fair opened. Although Gurr had no formal engineering training, he always said yes whenever Walt Disney asked him to create something, including the highly complex Lincoln figure that debuted at the fair. Gurr's advice to today's park designers: "Agree to anything, then worry about how to build it later."
If the IAAPA Expo is any indication, there are many seemingly impossible attractions coming soon to parks for your fun, pleasure, and awe-inspired delight.
More America Recommendations

IFS criticises Osbornes tax changes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f23f27ac-7bde-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet giving  heart attacks  amid turbulenceSpiceJet giving 'heart attacks' amid turbulence
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 11:31 IST
Airlines are going through a phase of financial turbulence with trouble-ridden SpiceJet causing the greatest worry, civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said on Thursday.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather ... not only the public sector, the private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," he said.
During signing of a memorandum of understanding between national carrier Air India (AI) and National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) here for formation of a joint venture to develop and manage AI land assets, Raju noted that the growth in aviation is restricted due to some odd reasons.
"Certain regulations needs to be relooked to attract investment in the sector. For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pull back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform. So, I think there also we have to work," he said.
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet cutting down its fleet size and drastically reducing the number of flights due to a severe cash crunch.
The airline reported a fifth straight quarter of net loss for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore, which is down from Rs 559-crore net loss during the corresponding period last fiscal.
Advising AI to work as a team, Raju said that cohesiveness of a team only delivers performance. "Somehow, we have lost sight on that and it's high time we get back to it."
On AI forming the JV with NBCC to monetise its land assets, the minister said that the strength of the two public sector companies will be complimentary in the interest of the country.

Shiite activist Zainab al-Khawaja sentenced to imprisonment by Bahrain court for insulting monarchPrint
Zainab al-Khawaja (front L), daughter of human rights activist Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, and fellow human rights activist Nabeel Rajab (R) take part in a rally held in support of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja in the village of Bani-Jamra, west of Manama March 11, 2012. (Source: Reuters)
By: Associated Press | Bahrain |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:49 am
A Bahraini court on December 4 sentenced a prominent opposition activist to three years in prison for insulting the king after she tore up the monarch’s photo, her lawyer said. The activist, Zainab al-Khawaja, gave birth only a few weeks earlier.
Al-Khawaja was also fined the equivalent of around $8,000, lawyer Mohammed al-Wasti told The Associated Press.
Al-Khawaja is part of the Gulf island monarchy’s most prominent opposition family. Her father Abdulhadi al-Khawaja is serving a life sentence for his role in 2011 protests by Shiites demanding greater rights from the Sunni-led government. Her sister Maryam was sentenced this week in absentia to a year in prison on charges of assaulting police. Maryam is currently in exile in Denmark.
Zainab al-Khawaja was detained in October after she tore up a photo of King Hamad while in court facing charges for two previous incidents of tearing up the king’s photo. She was eight months pregnant at the time of her detention, but was released from custody in November and gave birth to a boy named Abdulhadi.
Also Thursday, a senior U.S. diplomat returned to Bahrain after being ordered to leave in July. Tom Malinowski, assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, was abruptly asked to leave Bahrain after he met representatives of al-Wifaq, the country’s most prominent Shiite opposition group. The Bahraini Foreign Ministry at the time labeled the meeting an intervention in the country’s domestic affairs.
“As everyone knows, my last visit did not end in a way that served anyone well. I’m very happy that we are now looking and moving forward,” Malinowski said Thursday. “I have many friends here and I truly believe that the country has the capacity to overcome its recent difficulties and to succeed.”
Malinowski was accompanied by Anne Patterson, assistant secretary of state for near eastern affairs. The two diplomats met with senior members of the Bahraini government, including the king and crown prince, as well as representatives from al-Wifaq and other members of the Bahraini opposition.

Shiv Sena will join the BJP-led govt with Devendra Fadnavis Cabinet expansion todayUpdated: December 5, 2014 12:12 IST
Devendra Fadnavis’ Cabinet expansion today
PTI
Tweet
Special Arrangement
A file photo of Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Shiv Sena party president Uddhav Thackeray, in Mumbai.
VIDEO
state politics
Shiv Sena set to join Maharashtra govt
Weeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the Shiv Sena will finally join the BJP-led government on Friday when Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis expands his Cabinet.
According to highly placed sources in the party, five Cabinet rank, and an equal number of State Ministers are likely to be inducted from the Shiv Sena, along with 10 new Ministers of the BJP.
“The BJP and the Shiv Sena have jointly decided that the Sena will get 5 Cabinet rank and 7 Ministers of State. But for now, we are putting on hold the oath taking of two Ministers of State. It will happen after the winter session of the Assembly,” a senior Sena leader, who was part of discussions with the BJP, told PTI.
According to the Shiv Sena leader, those who are likely to included in the Cabinet are: Diwakar Raote, Dipak Sawant, Subhash Desai, Eknath Shinde and Ramdas Kadam.
Mr. Raote is set to get the Transport Ministry, while Mr. Sawant may get Health. Industries Ministry, currently headed by BJP leader Prakash Mehta will now be reshuffled and given to Mr. Subhash Desai. Mr. Eknath Shinde, who had occupied the Leader of Opposition chair will now head the MMRDC. Mr. Ramdas Kadam, a close confidante of Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray, will get the Environment Ministry.
Among those likely to be included as State Ministers are: Sena MLAs Sanjay Rathod, Ravindra Vaikar, Dada Bhuse Vijay Shivtare and Deepak Kesarkar.
The two long-time allies had parted ways on December 15, just three weeks before the Maharashtra Assembly elections, which threw up a fractured verdict in the 288-member Legislature.
The BJP subsequently emerged as the single largest party with 122, while the Sena bagged 63 seats. The Congress came third with 42 seats and the NCP finished last with 41.

SAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 27% in earlytradeSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Government’s disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL’s share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government’s stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi’s listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
“OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government,” a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
“Retail investors category was… hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS,” the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

Vistara prepares to take off  operates trial flightVistara prepares to take off, operates trial flight
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 12:32 PM IST
Vistara is one step closer to its launch after it operated a trial flight between Delhi and Mumbai on Thursday evening.
Such trial flights known as 'proving flights' are carried out in presence of officials of Directorate General of Civil Aviation to assess the operation.
Vistara has two Airbus A320 in its fleet and is expected to launch service in January. According to a media report DGCA will be issuing it an operating permit next week.
Vistara is a joint venture of Tata group and Singapore Airlines. It will be a full service airline with a base in Delhi and is headed by Y P Teik, ex-divisional VP of information technology in Singapore Airlines.
Vistara confirmed the development but did not share details.
Vistara will operate from its base Delhi and will fly to Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, Chandigarh, Srinagar, Jammu and Patna in the first year, as per the plan submitted to the regulator DGCA.

Iron ore imports hit record 6.8 mn tonne as prices fallIron ore imports hit record 6.8 mn tonnes as prices fall
Reuters | Singapore Dec 05, 2014 08:30 PM IST
India's iron ore imports rose to a record 6.76 million tonnes in the first seven months of its financial year as sliding global prices and limited supply at home pushed steel producers to buy the raw material abroad, industry data showed on Friday.
Formerly the world's No. 3 supplier of iron ore, India has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
The shortage deepened this year as some mines in the states of Odisha and Jharkhand were ordered closed after the expiry of licences.
But analysts say India is unlikely to absorb a big chunk of the global surplus that has halved iron ore prices this year.
Global seaborne iron ore supply will grow by around 330 million tonnes over the next three years, far outpacing demand that will rise by just 194 million tonnes in the same period, Morgan Stanley said in October.
JSW Steel, India's third largest steel producer, imported 4.6 million tonnes of iron ore in April-November, followed by Tata Steel with nearly 1 million tonnes, according to data from industry consultancy SteelMint, which tracked shipments at 12 ports.
"Looking at the current scenario, it does not look like mining will resume soon in Odisha and Jharkhand. Imports are expected to hit 11-12 million tonnes this financial year," said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at SteelMint.
JSW said in September it was planning to import 10 million tonnes or more this fiscal year if the domestic shortage continued and prices stayed low.
The company this week put on hold plans to build a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing iron ore and coal.
South Africa was the top source of iron ore imports, accounting for 40 per cent of the April-November volume, with Australia supplying 15 percent of the total.
Official Indian government data only covers April-August, with imports totalling 2 million tonnes.
Increased output of iron ore from top producers Australia and Brazil has helped widen a global glut at a time of slower economic growth in China which buys around two-thirds of seaborne supply.
Iron ore has fallen 47 percent this year, touching $68 a tonne last week, its weakest since June 2009.

Investors target quick gains from tie-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0cfb3b6-6e16-11e4-afe5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s mfg  services growth outpaced China in Nov: HSBCDuring November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said.
"2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005," the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November. China registered growth for the seventh month running, while India posted the fastest growth since June.
Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"Downturns in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China's economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November," Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, fell to a new record-low.
All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.

SpiceJet stock dives over 12% | AAI puts carrier on cash-and-carrySave precious time tracking your investments
Shares of low-cost airline SpiceJet dived over 12 per cent in intraday trade to touch a low of Rs 16.15.
The fall came in the wake of Airports Authority of India (AAI) deciding to withdraw credit facility relating to user fee to already financially-troubled SpiceJet at all airports from Thursday midnight.
The move has been spurred by mounting dues that the airline has to pay AAI. A senior official at AAI said a circular has been issued by office of ED ( finance ) to all airport authorities asking them to let the airline operate only on cash-and-carry basis.
At 12:30 pm, the stock was trading at Rs 16.45, down 11.08 per cent on BSE.
Meanwhile, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathy Raju said yesterday that the airline sector is running through a "lot of turbulent weather" with troubled Spicejet seeming to give "us heart attacks".
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said in New Delhi yesterday.
The minister's comment comes against the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet, citing fund crunch.
(With inputs from TNN)

7 lakh km optical fibre to be laid under NOF...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Government will lay about 7 lakh kilometres of optical fibre network to connect all village panchayats by high speed broadband services by 2016, telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said today.
"We are laying down optical fibre in all gram (village) panchayats. PM is very keen on this project. PM has said Ravi ensure that it is done by end of 2016. We have to lay 700,000 kilometre of OFC. We have got about a million kilometer done in last 25 years," Prasad said while speaking at a function organised by Chase India.
Government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayat by end of this financial year, 1 lakh by March 2016 and another 1 lakh by end of 2016.
Prasad said that the country is electronically and telephonically well connected but there is need for digital connectivity so that services are delivered to people on demand besides empowering them.
The Minister said the government wants to create new hubs of Information technology services which at the moment are limited to only few cities.
"I want BPOs (business process outsourcing) to be opened up in small and mofussil towns of country. I have asked my officers to come up with incentive driven scheme so that BPOs can be opened in places like Deoria, Gorakhpur, Balia, Seetamarhi, Samastipur, Trichy in Tamil Nadu and Ahmednagar in Maharashtra," Prasad said.
He said the spread of digital infrastructure will lead to explosion of e-commerce, e-entertainment and host of other services.
"We want a series of dialogues to help create a platform for interaction between Government and Industry. Through Digital India conclave initiative our effort is to create a roadmap for turning the dream of Digital India into reality," Chase India Director Nitin Mantri said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

HDFC Bank to cut lending rate by March: Adit...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country's second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, a top official said today.
"Now I've reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see by March or so base rate will come down," the bank's Managing Director Aditya Puri told PTI after launching a blood donation drive.
Puri said base rate or the minimum rate of lending is computed on the cost of deposits and the bank cannot cut its lending rate unless the deposit rate comes down.
Once the cost of deposits come down, following the December 1 cut in short-term deposits of up to one year maturities, the bank will pass on the benefit to borrowers, he added.
The bank's base rate currently stands at 10 per cent and the last movement in it was in November last year, when it was hiked by 0.20 per cent.
The bank cut the deposit rates by 0.25 to 0.50 per cent in various buckets ranging from 49 days to less than a year deposits, attributing it to low credit pick-up, drop in money market rates and competitor's moves.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had rued the fact that banks are not passing the benefits of the declining rates environment to the borrowers, saying the policy measures are not getting transmitted as desired.
Puri today said that policy transmission has happened as the banks have cut rates in different offerings like car loans where banks have reduced their spreads, but added that it does not reflect in the base rate due to deposit rates.
"Already interest rates have gone down in the market, whether it is car loans or term loans. Monetary transmission with or without reduction in policy rates has already happened," he said.
Puri said Rajan's stance has been dovish, which comforts the banking system and added that the RBI Governor should unleash 0.50 per cent cut in the next policy.
"His statement is also dovish, saying that once he can see stability in the benignness of the inflation, you can expect a cut. Let's hope that the cut is a meaningful one at 50 basis points since he didn't do it this time," Puri said.
HDFC Bank today started a single-day blood donation drive at 2,000 locations across the country simultaneously. Last year, it had collected 67,000 units of blood in a similar drive and is targeting the same to go up to 1 lakh this year, Puri said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex in a range: Defence stocks firing on all cylinders  surge 10%Sensex stuck in a range, Nifty holds 8550 levels; top 20 intraday trading ideas
By ET Now | 5 Dec, 2014, 01.12PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was stuck in a 50 point range on Friday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The index got support from buying seen in frontlines names like ITC, L&T, RIL, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in range but above its crucial psychological level of 8575, supported by gains in capital goods, auto, banks and oil & gas stocks.
At 1:12 pm, the Sensex was at 28,525.76; down 37.06 points.
The Nifty was at 8,556.80; down 7.60 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Zensar Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 656 and a stop loss of Rs 630
Cipla Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 655
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 242 and a stop loss of Rs 228
Bayer Cropsciences Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3100 and a stop loss of Rs 2850
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 230.50
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 168
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1570 and a stop loss of Rs 1680
Jindal Steel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 160 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1460 and a stop loss of Rs 1550
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 312 and a stop loss of Rs 297
Brigade Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 195 and a stop loss of Rs 156
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
GIC Housing Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 196 and a stop loss of Rs 188
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 102 and a stop loss of Rs 95
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Hindustan Zinc Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 170
Voltas Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 292 and a stop loss of Rs 276
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1550 and a stop loss of Rs 1630
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 280
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 535 and a stop loss of Rs 465
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 410
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SAIL sell-off begins; subscribed over 27% till nowSAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 27% in early trade
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.00PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government's 5 per cent stake sale in steel major SAIL, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today and got subscribed over 27 per cent in morning trade.
The total issue of 20.65 crore shares got bids for 5.7 crore shares by 1055 hours, as per the NSE data.
The retail category of 2.06 crore shares got bids for over 16.5 lakh shares (8 per cent) while the general category of about 18.6 crore shares were subscribed nearly 30 per cent.
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday's closing price.
On the BSE , the company's scrip hit a low of Rs 83.5, down 2.17 per cent over its previous close, soon after the start of market hours today.
It continued to trade in the range of Rs 84.70-83.50 in early trade, which was higher than the floor price.
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5 per cent stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer.
The government currently holds 80 per cent stake in the company.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares have been reserved for retail investors , who can buy stocks worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Also, a 5 per cent discount on the bid price would be given to retail investors.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013, which fetched over Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities and J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sales so far in the current fiscal.
During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, the government had raised over Rs 16,000 crore through disinvestment of PSUs.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex  Nifty slip into red; IT  oil & pharma laggardsDec 05, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty slip into red; IT, oil & pharma laggards
IT stocks TCS, Infosys and Wipro are down 1-2 percent each. Among other losers include Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC. Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, Tata Power and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty slip into red; IT, oil & pharma laggards
IT stocks TCS, Infosys and Wipro are down 1-2 percent each. Among other losers include Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC. Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, Tata Power and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm Price rise?  Bajaj Auto is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs. The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
"We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far," Bajaj Auto Ltd President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas told PTI.
The company has, however, not yet decided on the quantum of the price hike, he added. "We have'nt decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead," Vas said.
1:30 pm Interview: RK Jain, Group President Finance, Uflex in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said there will be no major impact on margins from crude derivatives. Neither does he expect exceptional jump in profits because there's being a pass through industry, both fall or rise in raw material costs is passed on to the consumers. So, this time too the benefits of crude derivatives will be passed on, says Jain.
However, only if there is too much volatility in the raw material costs then it becomes a bit difficult to pass though and causes problems in fixing the prices of products, he adds.
Jain says 85-90 percent of raw material costs for the company are on account of crude derivatives.
Don't miss: SAIL slips as OFS kicks off, Macquarie maintains underperform 
The market has slipped into red as IT stocks drag. The Sensex is down 61.06 points at 28501.76, and the Nifty is down 15.80 points at 8548.60. About 1391 shares have advanced, 1319 shares declined, and 123 shares are unchanged.
IT stocks TCS, Infosys and Wipro are down 1-2 percent each. Among other losers include Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC. Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, Tata Power and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex.
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said today. The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May. 
12:00

Manugraph India announces change in company secretaryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

AP releases Rs 5 000 cr towards first tranche of debt reliefAP releases Rs 5,000 cr towards first tranche of debt relief
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
The Andhra Pradesh Finance Department has released Rs 5,000 crore to Rythu Sadhikara Samstha (Farmers Empowerment Corporation) towards payment for Farmers’ Debt Redemption Scheme announced by the State Chief Minister, N Chandrababu Naidu.
In a Government Order, the Finance Department has announced the transfer of funds to provide the long-awaited relief to the farmer families who have been pauperised by moneylenders over the years.
The farmers corporation shall transfer an amount equivalent to the debt eligible for redemption of the farmer families having Rs 50,000 and below and approved for redemption in phase-I. Those farmer families having debt eligible for redemption above Rs 50,000 and below Rs 1.5 lakh will be transferred an amount equivalent to 20 per cent of the outstanding debt eligible for redemption.
In the case of farmers who are approved for coverage under the Debt Redemption Scheme, and having an outstanding eligible debt of more than Rs 50,000, the Rythu Sadhikara Samstha will issue subsidy certificates that would carry an annual interest of 10 per cent.
This could be redeemed by the farmer in four equal annual instalments, or earlier, as determined by the Government after periodic review.
The Government is set to announce separate guidelines for the administration of subsidy certificates by the Rythu Sadhikara Samstha.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Rajya Sabha logjam continues while Opposition walks out of Lok SabhaSadhvi issue: Rajya Sabha logjam continues, Opposition walks out of Lok Sabha
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 01:16 PM IST
The Opposition on Friday stepped up its attack on the government, with both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha witnessing protests over the issue of Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti earlier this week using swear words during a public rally in Delhi.
In the Lok Sabha, the Opposition members, including Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi, wore black masks to signify their voices were being muzzled; they even walked out of the House. The proceedings in the Rajya Sabha were washed out for a fourth straight day, even as the Bharatiya Janata Party appealed to the Opposition to accept the first-time minister’s apology, keeping in mind her rural background” and that she was a “Dalit woman”.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had made a statement in the Rajya Sabha the previous day and said he disapproved of the words used by the minister, on Friday made a brief statement in the Lok Sabha to express his gratitude to the House for continuing to conduct its business (BJP enjoys an overwhelming majority in the Lower House). Modi said: “The minister concerned apologised. She is a first-time member and comes from a rural background.”
ALSO READ:  Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti won't resign: Naidu
Earlier, before the House began its day, the members of the Congress party, along with those of the Trinamool Congress and other Opposition parties, wore black masks and protested in front of the statute of Mahatma Gandhi. Talking to reporters, Rahul Gandhi said: “The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process in the House.”
Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi seemed to have goaded the Opposition further with his remarks in the Rajya Sabha that “the Congress targeting a dalit woman, even after she had apologised, showed their arrogance”.
Senior CPI(M) leader Sitaram yechury attempted to put the government in a spot by demanding the House unanimously adopt a resolution condemning Jyoti’s remarks. Citing a precedent, he said the House had made a similar statement after the Babri Masjid demolition incident. The treasury benches vociferously opposed such a move.
With no breakthrough in sight, the impasse in the Rajya Sabha could spill over to next week, affecting the government’s legislative business.

India s manufacturing  services growth outpaced China in November: HSBCIndia's manufacturing, services growth outpaced China in November: HSBC
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 12:40 PM IST
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May.
The EMI remained well below its long-run trend level of 53.7 as both manufacturers and service providers in emerging markets registered slower and identical rates of output expansion in November, HSBC said.
"2014 looks set to record the lowest annual average for the Index since its inception in November 2005," the HSBC report added.
Data for the four largest emerging economies showed contrasting activity trends in November. China registered growth for the seventh month running, while India posted the fastest growth since June.
Russia and Brazil, however, registered sharper rates of decline during November.
During November, the HSBC composite index for India, that maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 53.6, whereas for China it was 51.1, Brazil (48.1) and Russia (47.6).
An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"Downturns in Russia and Brazil are intensifying to worrying extents, and China's economic growth rate continues to slow. Only India saw an improvement in November," Markit Chief Economist Chris Williamson said.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets also deteriorated during November. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index, which tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, fell to a new record-low.
All four of the largest emerging economies posted weaker sentiment for next 12 months, most notably Russia and Brazil, while China posted the lowest output expectations.

BJP MPs protest disruption of Parliament by CongressmembersBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:07 pm
Amidst repeated disruptions in Rajya Sabha by Congress members over Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks, BJP MPs of the Upper House on Friday gathered before Mahatma Gandhi’s statue in Parliament House complex praying for “wisdom” to the protesting members.
Congress and other opposition parties have paralysed the functioning of the Rajya Sabha for the fourth day in a row over the remarks made by the minister at a poll rally earlier this week.
“We have gathered here before Mahatma Gandhi to pray for wisdom to the protesting Congress and other opposition members and help allow smooth functioning of Rajya Sabha. We hope better sense prevails upon Congress and other members,” Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
He hit out at the Congress for its “height of arrogance” by not setting the matter to rest despite the Prime Minister making a statement in the House disapproving the remarks.
“This is height of arrogance of the Congress. It is going back on its words as they first wanted the Prime Minister to speak on the issue and when he has done so, they are still continuing to disrupt the Upper House,” Naqvi said.
Minister for Social Justice and Empowerment Thawar Chand Gehlot said, “the concerned minister has already offered her regret and the Prime Minister has also made a statement. In such a scenario, the matter should have ended, but opposition is continuing to stall proceedings of the Upper House. We pray for wisdom to them to allow the House to function.”
A number of BJP MPs including Vijay Goel, Tarun Vijay, R Ramakrishna and Bimla Kashyap Sood, gathered around the statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Parliament soon after the Upper House was adjourned following opposition uproar soon after it met for the day.
Earlier some Congress members led by Rahul Gandhi held a protest outside Parliament House over the controversial comments made by Sadhvi.

Mumbai tribal girls documentary Fire in Our Hearts to be screened at Doha FilmFestBy: Press Trust of India | Thane |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:53 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 2:59 pm
A tribal girl from Thane, who successfully directed a documentary on the life of child labourers in India, will once again shine at the ongoing Youth Film Festival in Doha after winning global acclaim.
The 27-minute documentary by Jayshree Janu Kharpade titled “Fire in Our Hearts” will be screened today at the Ajyal Youth Film festival organised by Doha Film Institute.
According to the organisers, the festival builds on the Doha Film Institute’s history of community-based programming. Ajyal, meaning ‘generations’ in Arabic, where people of all ages come together to discuss cinema through events that inspire creative interaction, opening up a fun, collaborative environment where young people can express themselves.
Driven with the goal to inspire and create, ‘Ajyal’ has been designed to empower the region’s youth and to inspire film enthusiasts of all ages in Qatar and the region.
Jayshree’s film will be screened in a special section called ‘Brave Hearts’ at the festival, which ends tomorrow.
Individually, each film in this section illuminates the incredible impact that education – or the lack of it – has on
the lives of young people. Together, they demonstrate the power of knowledge to make the hopes and dreams of children become the reality of the future, the organisers said.
The documentary begins from the late 1970s, when illegal slavery affected many tribes in India. Activism secured their emancipation, but education was a luxury they could not afford until schools were built for them.
Kharpade unveils how this made her and her classmates the first generation of literate women in their tribe (Katkari).
Jayashree is the daughter of a tribal migrant brick kiln labourer and the documentary reflects the story of her
struggle too. She completed her SSC in Eklavya Parivartan School at Usgaon and is pursuing her higher studies by distance education programme.
Last year, she directed this documentary, which won the first prize at an International Film Festival in Newyork. This film was selected among other documentary entries from 50 nations all over the world.
The Doha Film Institute will also honour Jayashree for her inspiring documentary, which she made with the support of activist and former MLA Vivek Pandit, who founded Vidhayak Sansad, a social organisation which runs the Eklavya school.
Hindparabha Karve, In-charge Public Relations department of Vidhayak Sansad is accompanying Jayashree to the festival.

Marilyn Monroe tops calendar iconlistBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:47 pm
Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe has topped the calendar icon race alongwith singer Kylie Minogue.     Glenn McWhinney of Calendar UK said that Monroe was one of the world’s original pin-ups and Minogue had been favourite for over 30 years, reported Daily Star.
“Marilyn Monroe is one of the world’s original pin-ups. And Kylie has been a favourite for over 30 years. I guess you could say that class really does retain its appeal. Perhaps we will see Michelle Keegan still going strong in 2024!,” McWhinney said.
The late beauty and Minogue, 46, have beaten younger celebrities former 23-year-old Towie lingerie model Sam Faiers and 27-year-old ‘Apprentice’ actress.

Militants fire at cops residence  nocasualtyBy: Press Trust of India | Shillong |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:44 pm
A senior police officer and his family members had a close shave when armed militants attacked his official residence in Meghalaya’s East Garo Hills district headquarters, police said on Friday.
In a daring attack, militants, suspected to belong to the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), went to the official residence of Additional SP R T G Momin, and fired randomly from AK series rifles damaging the outer walls of the residence last night, SP Davis N R Marak said.
The officer was supervising law and order duty in other areas of the town when the attack took place even as his family members had a narrow escape through the back entry of the house, the official said.
“The armed militants had planned to detonate a powerful IED through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in but our personnel spotted the device concealed in a plastic bag outside the compound,” he said.
The incident took place at around 9 PM when crowds were out on the streets of Williamnagar celebrating the last day of the winter festival organized by the district administration, they said.
The SP said the district police had received inputs of possible attacks at the winter festival but in view of the strict security apparatus, the militants carried on the attack somewhere else.
“Security in Williamnagar was beefed up with frisking of vehicles and commuters making it difficult for the militants to target the festival site and this could have provoked the attack at the officer’s house,” the SP said.
More than ten empty shells and three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants fired on the police officer’s quarters.
The militants also left behind a five kg IED bomb near the main gate.
Preliminary investigation by police indicated that three militants had come with an intention to create a major havoc in the town, Marak said.

Natalie Portman film faces trouble  delayed for the secondtimeBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:41 pm
Natalie Portman’s film ‘Jane Got a Gun’ is facing trouble yet again as the release date has been delayed for the second time.
The 33-year-old actress, who is playing the lead role as Jane Hammond in the film, will be released late next year, reported Contactmusic.
Earlier, the film was about to release in August 2014 but in April it was announced that the movie would hit cinemas in February 2015.
The studio bosses have announced now that the movie has been pushed back again and will now release on September 4 next year.
The movie has faced lots of troubles from delays to casting changes. Director Lynne Ramsay dropped out from the project last year and Gavin O’Connor took her place. There were lots of changes in the cast also – Micheal Fassbender, Jude Law and Bradley Cooper will be replaced by Joel Edgerton and Ewan McGregor.

Tevar director Amit Sharma is a starfilmmakerWritten by Sankhayan Ghosh |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:39 pm
Many a times in airports, railway stations and restaurants, people have walked up to Amit Sharma asking him why he has been staring at them. Sharma ends up doing this almost inadvertently in public spaces — observing people around him.
Being a filmmaker, he says, there are stories he can draw from real life. Sharma recollects a scene from an airport in France like he is narrating a scene from his script — where a black guy and a Caucasian girl refused to leave each other’s arms while saying goodbye. “It’s in places like these where you witness stories. There are all kinds of people, with contrasting emotions. Some may be happy, others sad,” he says.
In the advertising world, Sharma is a star filmmaker with a showreel studded with blockbuster commercials — think back to the Google reunion ad featuring two childhood friends divided by Partition of India and Pakistan; or the ‘Silent National Anthem’ campaign featuring hearing and speech-impaired children that won a silver at the world’s biggest advertising awards Cannes Lions 2011. Sharma, along with his two partners, runs Chrome Pictures, a production house that has some of the most reputed brands and agencies as their clientele.
But it’s been 10 months since Sharma shot a commercial. Currently he’s living his debut feature film ‘Tevar’, a remake of the Telugu film ‘Okkadu’. When we meet him at Clinton Cerejo’s studio at Juhu, Sharma is engrossed in the background score session of ‘Tevar’.
From the promos, ‘Tevar’ looks like a generic action fare but Sharma insists that the film has its heart in the right place. ‘Tevar’ was first offered to him by a newly-formed production house three years back but Sharma didn’t want to do a remake. But the central conceit — that of a guy who is a hero by chance and not by choice — stayed with him. When producer Bonny Kapoor approached him with the same idea again after one-and-a-half years, with Arjun Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha already on board, he accepted it. “Tevar will be called a remake but it’s more like how I looked at the central idea of the original and made it my way,” says the 35-year-old from Delhi, “Arjun plays a normal guy minus any in-your-face heroism.”
Even though he is making a Bollywood potboiler, Sharma swears by realism. He shot ‘Tevar’ in Mathura and Agra. According to the filmmaker, the characters and the milieu make a film believable and Sharma has a history of going to extreme lengths to get it right. For instance, when they needed a monkey for an Idea commercial, he found out that it is illegal to shoot with the animal in India so he went to South Africa in search of the perfect monkey. “They continued…

Intex Aqua i5 Octa at Rs 7 499  but only onAmazon.inBy: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:36 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:30 pm
Intex Technologies on Friday unveiled the new Aqua i5 Octa with a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor and 1 GB RAM priced at Rs 7,499. The phone runs Android 4.4 Kitkat OS with a 5-inch display and a 13-MP rear camera. As is the fashion these days, it also sports a 5MP front clicker.
The phone has a 2000 mAh battery and 32 GB extendable memory. It has a 9.6 mm thickness and metal molding for extra durability.
The smartphone can be availed exclusively from Amazon.in from December 5.

SBI cuts deposit rates by 0.25 per centSBI cuts deposit rates by 0.25 per cent
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.01PM IST
0
Share More
The move comes a day after two private sector banks announced cuts of up to 0.50 per cent in maturities of up to one year.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: State Bank of India (SBI) has reduced interest rates on retail term deposits over one year by a quarter percentage point, fuelling expectations of a cut in lending rates as well. The reduction will be effective from December 8 and applicable on deposits below Rs 1 crore.
The decision by the country's largest lender came after privatesector rivals such as Axis Bank, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank took similar steps to rein in cost of funds. Top bankers argued that high cost of deposits held them back from lowering lending rates despite a drop in loan demand. However, bankers say the impact of the reduction in deposit rates on fund cost can only be realised with a certain lag.
On term deposits for one year to less than five years, SBI cut the rate to 8.5% a year. For five years to 10 years, the new rate is 8.25%. It has kept rates on deposits of less than one year unchanged. Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya told ET on Thursday that SBI might reduce its base rate even before RBI reduces the benchmark rate and kicks off an easy interest rate cycle.
Meanwhile, SBI said in a BSE filing that it plans to raise $300 million via bonds and the proceeds would be used for general corporate purposes. "SBI has decided to issue bond under reverse enquiry up to $300 million-...through issuance of senior unsecured fixed notes," the bank said, in a BSE filing.
HDFC Bank to Cut Lending Rates
Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.5%, the country's secondlargest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, managing director Aditya Puri said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Budget 2015 will be reform-oriented not populist: IIFLLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Budget 2015 will be reform-oriented not populist: IIFL
Nirmal Jain believes the upcoming Union Budget is likely to be very good as that will be the first full budget by the Finance Minister Arun Jaitely.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
The Narendra Modi-led government has given confidence to the market and is hopeful of giving a good Budget next year. After gaining big returns in 2014, market experts are now looking forward to Budget 2015. Nirmal Jain, chairman, IIFL, believes the upcoming Union Budget is likely to be very good as that will be the first full budget presented by the Finance Minister Arun Jaitely.
According to him, a lot of factors are now in government’s favour like the fall in crude prices by USD 30-40 /bbl, good performance in state elections, which is giving confidence to the government. Budget 2015 is expected to be reform-oriented and not populist as people are optimistic about the performance of this government, says Jain in a discussion on CNBC-TV18.
Adding to the discussion, Gautam Chhaocharia of UBS says he expects the Nifty to touch 9600 by next year-end. He is bullish on oil and gas space and financials as the valuations are good and the two sectors look attractive going ahead.
The discussion was moderated by CNBC-TV18’s Udayan Mukherjee for the channel’s special show Street Signs.
Below are edited excerpts from the discussion:
Q: It has been a great run for the markets and for the last couple of months, experts have been anticipating at least a minor correction but even that has not come through. What are you expecting to see in the next couple of months as we head into the budget?
Jain: There are two key points to note here. One is everybody is talking about FIIs and foreign money leading the rally in the market and people even see the headlines that FII flow has been highest in this year. But the reality is that the flow in equities has been just about USD 16 billion till date and of course the FII flows in debt have been significantly higher. But equity flows are nowhere near the peak they had in last few years.
The market has been running a lot with local money as well and mutual funds have been contributor but even insurance companies like LIC in the year-to-date have been net sellers. So many days markets move up with sentiment despite the Fed that the new money coming in may not be as big a driver as people think.
Going ahead market has run up and so, it’s jittery at high altitude and there are traders, there are all kinds of players.
Whenever market seems to be correcting or there is a reason to correct, it can be sharp corrections because it has run up at that pace. Having said that, if you look at the market from three-five years perspective, there is long way to go, there is a lot of steam left, market is now at around 18.8 multiples of next year’s earnings but the key thing here to note is that next year more or less everybody agrees that our economy grows and will accelerate.
It will accelerate not only because of the reforms by the Modi government but more importantly we have been very fortunate that crude oil prices have fallen, the way they have fallen very sharply in last few months that benefits India a lot and it looks like that prices would remain at these levels for quite some time or at least in the foreseeable future. So that augurs very well for macroeconomic trends in India.
Along with that I think the government is moving in the right direction and a lot of reforms are now taking place. They have increased the excise duty on petrol to cut deficit.
Government is very conscious of fiscal deficit, inflation as well as growth and also the thrust on infrastructure. All these things will see economic growth accelerating and then you will see earnings upgrade next year and that will drive the market and will continue the rally.
Having said that, I am not an expert on the technicals and there can be intermittent corrections. So, if you look at the market with a three-five year perspective, still it is a good buy and one should invest in the market with medium-term to long-term perspective.
Q: What are you expecting from Budget 2015?
Jain: Budget is likely to be good. From the Finance Minister’s point of view this is the first full Budget that he is presenting and all the trends are in his favour because crude oil is down USD 30-40 per barrel that augurs very well.
Even when you do revenue forecast for next year you are very well placed. I think he is very conscious that there are a lot of expectations from him and his government.
I think that Budget will be reform-oriented. In the first year they have no reason to be populist at all. State elections have also been very favourable to them. So, Budget will be quite strong in terms of move on reforms and thrust on continued consolidation whether it is a cut down on subsidies or investment in planned expenditure and infrastructure and also the policy relaxations for taxation and ease of doing business.
So, I have great expectations from the Budget and wherever I have heard Jaitley as well as other ministers in public forum, I get a sense that they seem quite committed to make sure that the Budget has a strong message for investors. So, I would think that January-February also, there can be intermediate corrections but markets undercurrent will be very strong.
In the last two-three years a lot of money coming in India was from the exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and emerging market funds. It is only last few months that there have been few funds that have raised India specific money and are getting very good response.
After Modi government came into power, things are now falling in place, after long time long only funds are able to talk about India fund and India specific money which is a good trend because that money is typically for a longer term and that gives stability to the market.
Q: Almost everybody is bullish right now in the market, you would understand that after such a long and pronounced run but what to your mind is the biggest risk which can trigger a substantial correction, more than 150-200 points on the Nifty?
Jain: You rightly said, when there is a consensus you get worried. What happens in consensus is that everybody tries to leverage and their traders would take positions which are beyond their holding power in a normal. So any jitter whether it comes from the global market or something happens politically here or something happens to geopolitical or even crude oil, anything that can trigger a sharp correction.
Therefore, I would say that and that is what we are advising our clients that market looks very good but don’t get carried away, don’t leverage and hold positions. As you rightly said that the corrections can be very sharp. So, you should have the capacity to see through them.

Go long in Reliance Infra: Aditya AgarwalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in Reliance Infra: Aditya Agarwal
Aditya Agarwal of Way2wealth recommends going long in Reliance Infrastructure above Rs 603.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Aditya Agarwal of Way2wealth told CNBC-TV18, " Reliance Infrastructure has a good support around Rs 595-594 and from those levels only we saw some pullback in yesterday’s trade. So, we are expecting some more shorts coming in from these levels, Rs 603 is the immediate resistance. If that level is broken in future then we expect that stock may test Rs 620."
"Above Rs 603 one may go long in Reliance Infra keeping a stoploss of Rs 594 and on higher side target will be Rs 620," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Short TCS  target Rs 2550: Aditya AgarwalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short TCS, target Rs 2550: Aditya Agarwal
Aditya Agarwal of Way2wealth recommends shorting TCS with a target of Rs 2550.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Aditya Agarwal of Way2wealth told CNBC-TV18, "For last three-four days all the IT stocks are under pressure. We are seeing some short positions getting build up in CNXIT futures from last two trading sessions. In today’s trading session again we have seen heavy sell off in IT sector."
"We are expecting from these levels TCS  may see some more correction, Rs 2,600-2,610 is a good level where one can go short keeping a target of Rs 2,550 on lower side and one can keep a stoploss of Rs 2,630 on higher side," he added.
RELATED NEWS

China & India top issuers of debt in 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rupee expected to depreciate further to 62.4 in January: ZyFin ResearchThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brigade Enterprises gains on good response for Northridge projectThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SpiceJet shares nosedive 13%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

After Vijay Mallya s exit  his stepmother joins MCF boardHi Guest
After Vijay Mallya's exit, his stepmother joins MCF board
Ritu Mallya, step mother of Vijay Mallya, has joined the board of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers.  Mallya had to quit the board of MCF on Monday after banks advised the company that it will be difficult for them to lend money to MCF with a “willful defaulter”  Mallya on the board. Ritu Mallya, 68, is a Banglore-based lawyer and was married to late Vittal Mallya, founder of UB group.   Ritu Mallya is a Bengaluru-based lawyer and was married to late Vittal ...

Smart buy on this counter is on lc...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hello tilak sir i hv been following u from few days......ur suggestion...4138 Followers
Dear Boarders,
Hindus Comp. seems to be under priced while it enjoys good fundamentals.  Near Zero Debt, small cap and rising reserves and hefty BV.  It also manifests good valuations/profit margin.  One should look at this stock for a fair value of 1000 ( ).
Tilak

Shai17  navratna date not fix. tab tak dimag cool rakhne k liye bazar ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Militants attack Army camp in Uri; 7 Army men  3 cops deadMilitants attack Army camp in Uri; 7 Army men, 3 cops dead
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Dec 05, 2014 01:32 PM IST
Seven Army personnel, including an officer, and three policemen were killed in a pre-dawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district which is going to polls on December 9.
Three militants were also among those killed in the attack that comes just four days ahead of third phase of Assembly polls in Uri and six other constituencies of Baramulla district.
Militants carried out the attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri tehsil at around 3.10 a.m and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
Uri, which is near the Line of Control, is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to campaign on Monday.
Official sources said seven Army personnel including an officer, three policemen and three militants were among those killed in the attacks.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, "We have killed three of them (militants) and we will eliminate the remaining.The ones who are left are trapped."
"It is possible that this has happened because of elections," he said.
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a 'desperate attempt' to disrupt peace and normalcy.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," he tweeted.
Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and army were responding to the attack.
"Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It's an ongoing encounter," he said.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.

Snapdeal launches India s first virtual store for the differently abledWritten by Divya A | New Delhi |
Posted: December 3, 2014 4:39 pm | Updated: December 3, 2014 4:58 pm
To mark the International day for people with disability, the country’s first online Rehab and Support store for the differently abled was launched in the Capital. The first-of-its-kind virtual store, from the stable of Snapdeal.com, was inaugurated by Member of Parliament Shashi Tharoor. It aims at providing accessibility to differently abled people for a convenient shopping experience, with more than 1,100 products ranging from wheelchairs to hearing machines and walking sticks. The store will also enable the buyers to compare product specifications and make an informed buying decision.
Tharoor said, “We have all long taken for granted that as long as we can afford to buy something, we can go wherever we want, buy whatever we want. But the differently abled usually do not have that opportunity. For them, it is a struggle to get to a shop, and reach the kind of product they need. With this initiative, the differently abled can now buy products at the click of a mouse.”
Rohit Bansal, Co-founder, Snapdeal.com, added, “Approximately 27 million people in India have a disability and there are barely any services specifically targeted at providing them with access to benefits of India’s technological progress. Through this initiative, we are aiming to provide them access to various support and rehabilitation products. Now, people with different abilities will be able to access these niche products easily sitting in the comforts of their homes for a convenient shopping experience.” The store can be accessed here .

50 years since Haldanes deathUpdated: December 4, 2014 09:55 IST
50 years since Haldane’s death
DR. VEENA RAO
Well known British scientist Prof. J.B.S. Haldane, F.R.S
THE HINDU ARCHIVES
Well known British scientist Prof. J.B.S. Haldane, F.R.S
TOPICS
human science
Unfortunately not many people remember J.B.S. Haldane, who was among the greatest scientists of the 20 century. His many accomplishments were crowned by the contributions that he made to our understanding of how evolution takes place. When he died 50 years ago on December 1, 1964, he was an Indian citizen. A gifted mathematician, biologist, socialist, atheist, materialist and superb populariser of science, Haldane enjoyed his eccentricities and was acclaimed as a genius. His personality continues to stimulate and interest scholars. In 1957, at the age of 65, he and his wife, Helen Spurway (an accomplished geneticist herself) decided to leave Britain and immigrate to India.
Haldane’s “Indian Period” was unique. Never before in modern times had a Western scientist of Haldane’s calibre chosen to move to India – not to speak of becoming a citizen. He was critical of Indian science and scientists but saw hopes in young people. During his stay here he did much for research in animal and human genetics and in support of science education. He moved from Calcutta to Bhubaneswar at the invitation of another extraordinary person, Biju Patnaik, but died soon after from cancer of the colon.
Haldane had grand plans for pursuing a host of original projects with his students. He tried to inculcate a western attitude to doing scientific research in them - but with local material and minimal apparatus. He was convinced that India offered ideal conditions for investigating the genetic basis for malarial resistance. Taking advantage of the unusual marriage customs in South India, he initiated a study of genetic impact of marriages between relatives. At international science conferences, dressed in kurta and pyjamas, he projected India as his country and invited scientists to collaborate on projects in human genetics.
He tried to impart science in simple language to the common man “who must know what goes on inside the research laboratories, for some of which he pays”. Towards this end he wrote articles and scientific essays in a wide array of journals and newspapers, gave radio talks, published books and gave many lectures. In India his articles in The Hindu evoked a great response from the public, who flooded him with queries. He wrote his own epitaph in these words: “I am a part of nature and like other natural objects, from a lightening flash to a mountain range; I shall last out my time and then finish. This prospect does not worry me because some of my work will not die when I do so.”
DR. VEENA RAO
National Institute of Advanced Studies
Bengaluru

PSU Bank Employee Strike to Go to EastYou are here: Home Industries
PSU Bank Employees Go on Strike in North; East to Follow on Thursday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 23:37 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: Continuing their four-day relay strike to press for a wage hike, public sector bank employees in the Northern region went off work on Wednesday while their counterparts in the eastern part of the country will follow suit on Thursday.
All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) General Secretary C H Venkatachalam claimed that about 30,000 branches of PSU banks were closed in North India and 3 lakh employees took part in the strike.
However, private sector banks continued to function normally in 10 states and one Union Territory of Chandigarh where PSBs' employees went on strike.
Cheque clearances and deposit and withdrawal from branches in many states including Haryana, Jammu & Kashmir, Madhya Pradesh, New Delhi, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan were affected.
"Since the conciliation meeting with Indian Banks' Association failed to reach a conclusion, the strike was forced upon us," United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) convener M V Murali told PTI. UFBU is the umbrella organisation of nine bank employees and officer unions.
"We have scaled down our demand from 25 per cent to 23 per cent (wage hike), but IBA is not yielding. It has been sticking to its earlier offer of 11 per cent which is not enough," said Ashwini Rana, General Secretary of National Organisation of Bank Workers.
As part of four-day relay strike to press for wage hike and other demands, public sector bank employees will go on strike in eastern region on Thursday.
Normal banking operations in the states of West Bengal, Assam, Bihar and Jharkhand would be affected due to the strike. Some of the banks have already informed their customers about inconvenience due to the strike.
Subsequently, there would be strike on December 5 by the western zone.
This is the second strike by bank employees in less than 30 days. The last strike was on November 12.
Story first published on: December 03, 2014 23:30 (IST)

Minor pullback in crude prices. Will the decline continue or stability returnCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Honda for pan-US recall for  faulty airbagsUpdated: December 4, 2014 08:24 IST
Honda for pan-US recall for 'faulty airbags'
AP
Tweet
AP
File photo provided by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety shows a crash test of a 2002 Honda CR-V, one of the models subject to a recall to repair faulty air bags.
TOPICS
recalls (products)
Under pressure from federal regulators, Honda said on Wednesday that it is expanding a recall of driver’s side air bags to all 50 states.
The air bags, made by Japanese supplier Takata Corp., can explode with too much force, sending metal shrapnel into the passenger compartment.
Takata insists that current recalls covering 8 million U.S. cars in high-humidity areas are sufficient. But the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration wants the recalls expanded nationwide after some incidents outside the high-humidity zones.
Rick Schostek, Honda’s executive vice president for North America, told House lawmakers Wednesday that Honda will expand the regional recall it began in June, but will continue to prioritize high-humidity areas.
Air bag maker refuses to expand recall coast to coast
Japan’s Takata Corp. rejected federal regulators’ demand on Wednesday for an expanded, nationwide recall of millions of air bags, setting up a possible legal showdown and leaving some drivers to wonder about the safety of their cars.
At issue are air bags whose inflators can explode with too much force, hurling shrapnel into the passenger compartment. At least five deaths and dozens of injuries have been linked to the problem worldwide.
Over the past six years, Takata and 10 automakers issued a series of recalls covering 8 million cars in the U.S., mostly in high—humidity areas such as the Gulf Coast, because of evidence that moisture can cause the propellant to burn too quickly. But after incidents in California and North Carolina, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began pressing for the recall of 8 million more vehicles from coast to coast a demand that Takata flatly rejected.
“There’s not enough scientific evidence to change from a regional recall to a national recall,” Hiroshi Shimizu, Takata senior vice president of global quality assurance, told a House subcommittee on Capitol Hill.
Takata also contends that NHTSA has authority to seek recalls only from auto manufacturers and makers of replacement parts, not from original parts suppliers a position NHTSA contests.
Shimizu insisted that the air bags are safe- “I would drive a car with a Takata air bag.”
“Deeply disappointed”
David Friedman, NHTSA deputy administrator, said he was “deeply disappointed” by Takata’s response.
The agency is now gathering proof that a recall is needed, which it will present at a public hearing. After that, NHTSA could order Takata to undertake a recall, and could take the company to court if it refuses. But Friedman acknowledged that could take months.
“It’s time for industry to step up,” Friedman told lawmakers. “Until (Takata) and automakers act, affected drivers won’t be protected.”
The stalemate is likely to add to the confusion among car owners, many of whom are already bewildered because some of the recalls have covered driver’s—side air bags, while others applied to passenger—side air bags, and a few covered both. The NHTSA—demanded recalls would involve driver’s—side air bags.

Baited by Panneerselvam  DMK chief attends assembly in wheelchairWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:09 am
DMK chief and Tamil Nadu Leader of the Opposition Karunanidhi on Thursday said he did not attend assembly sessions because the assembly building was not “disabled-friendly” and added that he would attend the House regularly if there was proper seating arrangement.
Chief Minister O Panneerselvam on Sunday had challenged the DMK chief to attend the session.
“Usually in Rajya Sabha and other Houses, there would be separate arrangement for members who are physically disabled. He (the CM) dared me to attend the session despite the fact that there is no arrangement to ensure my entry in wheelchair,” Karunanidhi said. He added that he is pained as he cannot fulfil his duties as an opposition leader at the assembly.
On Thursday, Karunanidhi left the assembly after signing the register. This was the first time the assembly met after AIADMK chief and former CM J Jayalalithaa stepped down following her conviction in a disproportionate assets case in September. Since October. the opposition had been demanding that the assembly be convened. However, the CM said there was no urgency to convene the House.

17-yr-old  rape victim  set ablaze in PunjabBy: Press Trust of India | Ludhiana |
Posted: December 4, 2014 8:51 pm
A ‘rape victim’ was allegedly set ablaze by six persons in Dhandari Khurd area in Ludhiana on Thursday.
The 17-year-old girl was rushed to a hospital where she is stated to be critical, police said.
Ludhiana Police Commissioner Pramod Ban said two persons have been arrested in connection with the incident while others are still absconding.
The girl had lodged a complaint of rape against three of them two months ago. The three were arrested and just last week released on bail, Ban said.
On Thursday, six persons, including the three rape accused, reached the girl’s residence and allegedly set her ablaze after sprinkling kerosene on her, he added.
“The accused, all from Bihar, have been identified. Two of them, identified as Sahjad and Anwar, have been arrested while the search for the rest is on,” a police official said.

Not enough  lets get a House resolution: OppositionWritten by Manoj C G , Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 4, 2014 9:43 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 9:46 pm
With the government rejecting demands to sack Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, the opposition on Thursday started working on a “second solution” to break the stalemate in Parliament. As a way out, the nine parties, which have been demanding the minister’s ouster, have proposed a House resolution — moved either by the government or by the Chair — condemning such “provocative statements”.
The opposition’s attempt at reconciliation came after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement in the Rajya Sabha disapproving Jyoti’s controversial “ramzaadon” versus “haramzaadon” remark. Sources in the opposition camp said that there will be no let up in protests on Friday and that the “ball is in now in the government’s court”. In a rare show of unity, the Congress, Trinamool Congress and the Left would hold a joint protest outside the House on Friday before the sessions begins. The MPs would have their mouths covered with black cloths.
Sources in the opposition camp said that if and when the government agrees to their demand, the two sides can work out the exact formulation of the resolution. “It can be a general resolution. But since she (Jyoti) has expressed regret and the Prime Minister himself has disapproved the remarks, there should not be any difficulty in condemning her statement in particular as well,” a senior opposition leader said.
Sources added that the government is yet to revert to their proposal. Government representatives said that they are open to the idea of a resolution to end the stalemate. “We are ready to walk more than halfway to resolve the issue. Let them come up with any suggestion. We are willing to consider it,” a senior minister said.
Meanwhile, Trinamool Congress leader Derek O’Brien said, “Let the government come back with a proposal. They can bring a unanimous resolution condemning the incident and making it clear that reliable and responsible behaviour is expected from ministers. They cannot shoot off their mouth. They can bring it to us and we can consider it. There is no room for arrogance here. They have to keep in mind that they do not have the numbers to make Rajya Sabha run on their own terms.”
Both Houses of Parliament remained disrupted for the third straight day on Thursday because of opposition protests. While the Rajya Sabha could not transact any business after Modi’s statement, the Lok Sabha debated a bill and resumed a discussion on natural calamities in the afternoon, but without the Congress, Trinamool Congress and Left in attendance since the three parties had boycotted the post-lunch session.
“We will wait for what the government has to say,” Congress deputy leader in Rajya Sabha Anand Sharma said.
Sharma said the government did not make any meaningful effort to the assuage the feelings of a large section of the population hurt by the minister’s remark. “What has happened is an insult to the Indian constitution… The Prime Minister’s words are not adequate. It is the responsibility of the Prime Minister, respecting the oath of office he took and honouring the post he holds, to continued…

Small entrepreneurs tell HMRC of VAT fearsTreasury listens to VAT fears of digital entrepreneurs
Andrew Bounds, Enterprise Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65eca2c2-7bcd-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gandhi name an asset to far more than those who consider it a liability: Shashi Tharoor62
1
New Delhi: Putting to rest all speculation that he may be leaving the party, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor has he made it clear that he is not going anywhere.
Speaking to CNN-IBN, he also added there was no need for any leadership change in the Congress and that the Gandhis will always be number one. He rubbished talks over the need of a leadership change in the party but added that the party is doing a thorough analysis over what went wrong in the elections.
"The Gandhi name is an asset to far more voters then those who consider its liability. I accept that in a democracy like ours there will always be. The analysis is going on the but the conclusions have not arrived but I think that we are by large very content with the leadership," he said.
#shashi tharoor #rahul gandhi #sonia gandhi #congress
Equating Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vote share with the Congress, he said, "Mr Modi won 31 per cent of the vote. There are clearly 69 per cent who don't think Mr Modi is that great. Similarly, we know that there are people who don't like the Gandhi's."
He maintained that despite the recent losses that the party had to suffer, the support for the Gandhis still remains intact.
"If there were an election, I would not loose money if I bet on them, the party will re-elect the President and the Vice President,' he said in an attempt to put an end to the debate of a possible non Gandhi head of the party.
11

Reliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm PEMEX for oil and gas huntSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Reliance Industries has signed an oil exploration-to-refining deal with Mexico’s national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos as it looks at overseas opportunities to overcome disenchantment back home.
RIL and Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) will look at potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico as well as explore international markets for “value added opportunities,” a company statement said.
The deal comes as Mexico, the world’s tenth-largest crude producer, opens up its energy sector with the ending of Pemex’s decades-long monopoly. State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) had previously signed a MoU with the Mexican firm.
RIL, the owner of the world’s biggest refinery, said its tie-up with Pemex was in line with its strategy to expand its international asset base in regions with “attractive competitive opportunities.”
A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed by RIL’s oil and gas head P M S Prasad and Pemex chief executive Emilio Lozoya in New York.
RIL, which entered into the oil gas business in 1990s with the setting up of the nation’s biggest refinery at Jamnagar in Gujarat and then expanding into upstream oil and gas exploration, is re-orienting its hydrocarbon business after encountering several challenges.
Out of 45 oil and gas exploration areas or blocks it acquired in India since 1999, as many as 38 have been surrendered after having sunk USD 2.09 billion.
In spite of 52 oil and gas discoveries since 2002, it has managed to bring only three of them into production to date as it ran into regulatory hurdles, pricing and cost recovery disputes and delays in getting critical approvals.
RIL has since then started looking for opportunities overseas – from Myanmar to Mexico. In May this year, it bagged two shallow water exploration blocks in Myanmar and is in talks to take properties in Venezuela, Brazil and Gulf of Mexico.
As per the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) “RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets,” the statement added.
RIL and PEMEX will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry, including for deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
“The MoU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep-water development and best practices in East Coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States,” it said.
RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX for refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
“RIL’s cooperation with PEMEX is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms.
“The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for Exploration and Production Business and for RIL on the whole,” it added.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from companies

PM Modi s Ambitious Divestment Scheme Launches: 10 FactsOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious programme of disinvestment in big state-run companies started on Friday. The government is selling 5 per cent stake in state-run SAIL , India's second largest steel manufacturer by market value, to meet its disinvestment target for the 2014-15 fiscal year. The proceeds of the share sale will help the government meet its fiscal deficit target for the year.
Here is your ten-point cheat sheet on this story:
1) The disinvestment target for the year is Rs 58,425 crore out of which Rs 43,425 crore will come via share sale in PSUs. The government is likely to raise Rs 1,700 crore if the share sale in SAIL goes through at Rs 83 per share. The amount is just 4 per cent to the government's total disinvestment target of Rs 43,425 crore via share sale in PSUs.
2) The response to Friday's share sale in SAIL will be crucial for the government to gauge investor appetite ahead of the planned sale of a 10 per cent stake in Coal India and a 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Stake sales in NHPC, Power Finance Corp and Rural Electrification Corp are also in the pipeline.
3) The bigger Coal India and ONGC stake sales should help the government raise a combined Rs 40,000 crore, as per the current market prices.
4) The government is likely to miss its disinvestment target for the year, analysts say. "The target that the government has set is a tall target," said Deven Choksey, managing director at Mumbai-based brokerage KR Choksey Securities.
5) There is no real excitement for state-run companies like SAIL among investors, analysts told NDTV. Most state-run companies have underperformed the broader markets despite a record rally this year. SAIL shares have risen just 18 per cent this year, lagging a near 36 per cent rise in the Sensex.
6) According to domestic brokerage Kotak, the government needs to come out with a long-term plan to improve performance of state-run companies. "In our view, the government may want to review its very ownership of PSU companies with a far bolder program of privatization," it said in a note last month.
7) Market expert Ambareesh Baliga told NDTV that long-term investors, with a 2-3 year horizon, should buy SAIL. "India cannot grow at 8 per cent without growth in infrastructure and steel is an important part of infra sector," he said.
8) The government is selling 20.65 crore shares in the company. Post the share sale, the government's stake will come down from 80 per cent to 75 per cent.
9) The share sale in SAIL is taking place through the Offer for Sale route, which helps promoters of listed companies to sell or dilute their shareholdings through an exchange based bidding platform.
10) The floor price or the minimum bid price for SAIL has been fixed at Rs 83, which is at a discount to Thursday's close price of Rs 85.35 on the Bombay Stock Exchange. Retail investors will get a 5 per cent discount. ( Track stock )
(With inputs from Reuters)

As Sikka brings winds of change  cautious Infy wont neglect inorganic growth anymoreSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Infosys, India’s second-largest IT services exporter, will look to acquire niche firms engaged in next-generation technologies, such as artificial intelligence, automation, internet of things and collaboration and design technologies.
Addressing the Infosys analyst meet in Pune on Thursday, chief executive officer Vishal Sikka said, “The core focus is our own organic growth but we believe it is necessary to complement it with an active inorganic strategy as well. We are interested in acquisition of  small innovative companies. We are not interested in acquiring technologies of yesterday but in acquiring technologies of tomorrow.”
Sikka, who took over as the first non-founder CEO of Infosys in August this year, remarked the company would also look at inorganic options in under-penetrated segments and geographies. Infosys has always been cautious on acquisitions. The last company it acquired was Lodestone, in 2012.
However, it has now intensified efforts of engaging with software startups globally. The IT major, which has created a separate fund to invest in these startups, is already holding talks with three such firms. Sikka said, “We have been working with startups to bring their capabilities to our clients and also extend it our operational services.”
Sikka, who presented an overview of the future direction of Infosys, affirmed that there was a massive and fundamental transformation occurring in the software industry. This is being driven by the increasing use of  technologies such as artificial intelligence, automation and mobility among others. However, the Infosys CEO reiterated that it would not reduce its focus on existing lines of services while scouting for new businesses. He said that Infosys would be renewing existing businesses while searching for the new avenues.
On the operating profit margins of the company, Sikka maintained that as it goes about building a next-generation IT services company, Infosys will aspire to be a industry leader in revenue and margin growth. The IT major is expecting to maintain an operating profit margin of 25-28% over the medium to long term.
“Once again, we aspire to become the leading bellwether IT company we used to be, but it will take time and will not be easy,” Sikka remarked.
Addressing the meet, Infosys Chief Operating Officer Pravin Rao said that the company has been making efforts to improve sales effectiveness and has hired over 200 such professionals.
He said that they have undertaken various measures to bring down attrition through a combination of improved compensation packages and attractive career paths.
Sikka wants fundamental change in mindset
CEO Vishal Sikka has said he wants to change the fundamental mindset at Infosys, which revolves around following orders. “One of the depressing things that I have learned in last four months is that clients think of us as a beautiful follower of orders and not people who are bringing innovation,” Sikka said during the analyst meet. The next wave of murmuration — a new initiative for employees to share ideas — will be for those learning to speak up. Sikka felt that a change in mindset from problem-solvers to problem-finders will be the essence of innovation.
fe Bureau
TAGS: Infosys Vishal Sikka
More from companies

Disney launches education apps for kids aged 3 to 8Dec 05, 2014 at 11:17am IST
Disney launches education apps for kids aged 3 to 8
29
3
New York: Mickey is getting into math - and science, art, reading and even teaching social skills.
The Walt Disney Co. is launching a new line of learning tools designed to help parents encourage kids 3 to 8 to learn outside of school. Disney Imagicademy begins with a series of mobile apps but will later expand into other products such as books and interactive toys. Over time, the target age will also grow to include older kids.
To start, Disney is launching an iPad app called "Mickey's Magical Math World" on December 11, focused on math-based activities such as counting, shapes, logic and sorting. Within the app, there are five add-on activities such as "Minnie's Robot Count-Along" and "Goofy's Silly Sorting." The basic app is free to use, but the enhanced activities cost $4.99 each or $19.99 for all five. Future apps, on subjects ranging from life science using characters from Disney's Frozen to creative arts, will be similarly priced. The apps are ad free, keeping with laws that prevent targeting online advertising at kids under 13.
This product image provided by The Walt Disney Co. shows a Disney Imagicademy iPad app called 'Mickey's Magical Math World,' left, and a companion iPhone app for parents. The app, which will be released on December 11, focuses on math-based activities such as counting, shapes, logic and sorting. The companion app lets grown-ups follow along with what their kids are doing even if they are using a separate mobile device.  (AP Photo/The Walt Disney Co)
#disney #apps #apps for kids #educational apps
A companion app for parents lets grown-ups follow along with what their kids are doing even if they are using a separate mobile device. It also suggests a bevy of offline activities, such as creating "rocket racers" using toilet paper tubes, duct tape and balloons, or making a colourful "quilt" out of tissue paper to learn shapes.
Disney's entry into the learning app market comes at a popular time for educational apps, thanks to the proliferation of mobile devices and as more parents grow comfortable letting their kids use them, at least with limits in place. The American Association of Pediatrics estimates that children spend an average of seven hours a day on "entertainment media" that includes TVs, computers, phones and other electronic devices. It recommends no more than two hours a day spent consuming and engaging with "high-quality content."
Disney Publishing Worldwide, the creator of Imagicademy and also the world's largest publisher of children's books, hopes that its content will meet the high-quality barrier that is entertaining as well as educational. Disney is betting that its brand recognition and the quality of its apps will help them stand out from a crowd of more than 100,000 learning apps aimed at kids. That said, there are other big name brands in the learning app space, including Sesame Street.
Bob Chapek, president of Disney Consumer Product, says what the company heard from parents is that it was difficult to find high-quality apps among the thousands out there. And once parents did find an app they liked, "there was no logical progression" to other levels and subjects.
"What really makes (Imagicademy) different is that it's done with a very compelling curriculum-based approach," he said. "And the fact that it's based on characters and mythologies that kids love."
Shortly after the math app, Chapek says Disney will launch a creative arts portfolio, then science, reading and social skills. The latter, he says, is "the outgrowth of our work with experts" who specialize in early childhood education and believe that social skills are as important as the "1,2,3,4,5 things" when it comes to learning.
Kara Norman, a mother of two and founder of Empower Her that focuses on supporting women and girls, said she likes that the apps show Minnie Mouse building a robot. She also appreciates the parenting portal of the apps.
"It's helpful, especially for younger parents," she said. "It's hard to manage what your kids are doing but not take (the iPad) from them."
158

Smriti Irani row: SC scraps Sanskrit exam for Kendriya Vidyalaya studentsGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) students will not have to appear for Sanskrit examination in the present academic session, Centre told the Supreme Court – the case turned into a controversy after HRD Minister Smriti Irani got embroiled in it for insisting the teaching of German language was against the Constitution.
Students can opt either German or Sanskrit language in this academic session, it further said.
The apex court agrees with Centre’s proposal, saying it’s a good solution and there will be no burden on students.
Even as a father, I would agree with Centre’s proposal, says Justice A R Dave on the issue.
TAGS: Jobs And Education Smriti Irani Supreme Court
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Sensex Struggles Amid Selling Pressure In IT StocksYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Struggles Amid Selling Pressure In IT Stocks
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)
The BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled to gain traction on Friday with gains in domestic-oriented stocks getting offset with loses in defensives like IT and healthcare stocks.
Domestic-oriented stocks gained on continued hope of rate cuts and structural reforms.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava as long as Nifty holds the 8450-8500 range, it could move up to 8,800 levels. But if it falls below 8368 levels, the selling pressure could accelerate, he added.
At 3:15 pm, the Nifty was down 15 points to 8,549 while Sensex fell 66 points to hover near 28,500 levels. Banking stocks extended their gains to the seventh session today with Bank Nifty rising about 0.30 per cent. Banking stocks have outperformed in the recent rally on hopes of monetary easing from the Reserve Bank of India. PNB, Kotak Mahindra Bank, PNB and Bank of Baroda gained over 1 per cent.
Among other major Nifty gainers M&M, Ambuja Cements, DLF and Sesa Sterlite rose between 2-3 per cent.
Shares in ITC were up 1.5 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 5.5 percent surge on a likely hold on loose cigarette ban.
Among Nifty losers, Infosys, TCS and Tech Mahindra declined over 1 per cent. Some selling pressure was also seen in oil & gas stocks with ONGC and BPCL down over 1 per cent. Traders attributed the selloff in IT stocks to the cross currency impact following the dollar's surge against major global currencies. Besides, seasonally the third quarter is a seasonally weak quarter for Indian outsourcers.
Overseas investors bought shares worth $76.73 million on Thursday, according to NSE data.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)

Watch: Army fortification under attack by terrorists  encounter still onHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bal Thackeray s will was updated many times  says lawyerDec 05, 2014 at 12:46pm IST
Bal Thackeray's will was updated many times, says lawyer
29
0
Mumbai: A witness on Thursday stated before the Bombay High Court that Shiv Sena founder, the late Bal Thackeray had amended his will eight to nine times between 1997 to 2011. F D'souza, a lawyer, said during a hearing before Justice Gautam Patel that every time a new draft of the will was prepared, it was read by Thackeray himself, or its text was explained to him by his lawyers.
Sena chief Udhav Thackeray, Bal Thackeray's son, has filed a probate petition to get his father's will certified by the High Court, while another son, Jaidev Thackeray, has contested it saying that his father could not have made a will where he (Jaidev) does not get anything.
The High Court had earlier refused to grant interim relief to Jaidev who had sought to restrain the beneficiaries of the will (Uddhav and others) from selling or disposing of the properties. The property left behind by Thackeray is worth Rs 14.85 crore and includes his bungalow in suburban Bandra,'Matoshri'.
Udhav Thackeray, has filed a probate petition to get his father's will certified by the High Court.

Markets Live: IT  TECk stocks pull Sensex down 61 pointsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Militants fire at cop s residence  no casualtyBy: Press Trust of India | Shillong |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:44 pm
A senior police officer and his family members had a close shave when armed militants attacked his official residence in Meghalaya’s East Garo Hills district headquarters, police said on Friday.
In a daring attack, militants, suspected to belong to the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), went to the official residence of Additional SP R T G Momin, and fired randomly from AK series rifles damaging the outer walls of the residence last night, SP Davis N R Marak said.
The officer was supervising law and order duty in other areas of the town when the attack took place even as his family members had a narrow escape through the back entry of the house, the official said.
“The armed militants had planned to detonate a powerful IED through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in but our personnel spotted the device concealed in a plastic bag outside the compound,” he said.
The incident took place at around 9 PM when crowds were out on the streets of Williamnagar celebrating the last day of the winter festival organized by the district administration, they said.
The SP said the district police had received inputs of possible attacks at the winter festival but in view of the strict security apparatus, the militants carried on the attack somewhere else.
“Security in Williamnagar was beefed up with frisking of vehicles and commuters making it difficult for the militants to target the festival site and this could have provoked the attack at the officer’s house,” the SP said.
More than ten empty shells and three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants fired on the police officer’s quarters.
The militants also left behind a five kg IED bomb near the main gate.
Preliminary investigation by police indicated that three militants had come with an intention to create a major havoc in the town, Marak said.

Bhopal : A Prayer For Rain reviewPosted: December 5, 2014 1:12 pm | Updated: December 7, 2014 11:02 am
Bhopal : A Prayer For Rain movie review
Star Cast: Rajpal Yadav, Martin Sheen, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Kal Penn, Mischa Barton, Manoj Joshi
Director : Ravi Kumar
There are natural disasters, like earthquakes and tsunamis, which no one can predict. And there are man-made disasters, which telegraph their arrival early on, and which are completely avoidable if someone has the gumption to take the right call.
The lethal methyl-isocyanate (MIC) gas that leaked from the Union Carbide factory in Bhopal on the night of December 2, 1984 was a tragedy that needn’t have happened: corporate greed, political collusion and all-round official cowardice and apathy have ensured that justice remains undone. Even today, 30 dispiriting years on.
Bhopal: A Prayer For Rain plays out like a much-delayed requiem for the thousands that were killed and maimed that night. The opening credits tell us that it is based on real events and “liberties” have been taken to create dramatic impact. This is evident through the film, and shows up in various characters and accents and sequences: honest newspaperman Kal Penn never feels like a local; a doe-eyed Bhopali beauty never looks like one.
Martin Sheen’s playing of Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson (who died recently) is a little tricky, but that’s down to the way the character has been written: the film makes him “just a Yank trying to make weed-killer” for poor Indian farmers, as well as the canny boss of one of the biggest global corporations who was aware of the hazards of his produce as well as the profits that accrue from it.
There are a few other superfluities, which include a pretty White female scribe. And I am waiting for the day someone casts Tannishtha Chatterjee in a part in which she doesn’t have to be dirt-poor, wearing a torn sari, and having to “eke” a living. She’s effective, though, as the wife of a poor rickshaw-puller (Rajpal Yadav, solid) who finds a job at the Carbide factory, even when he is not trained for it.
The film gathers force when it goes straight to the heart of the problem: the build-up to the terrible leak has urgency, even if it seems overtly dramatised, and the sense of growing dread feels real. What makes the film worth your time is the way it states, unequivocally, that the gas need not have leaked if Union Carbide and its employees and its votaries had come together to pull the plug in time.
That would have been humane. What happened is inhuman.
Two and a half stars ( 2.5)

Tackling Maoists: Rajnath for ex-Greyhound boss as CRPF DG | J&K: 7 armymen deadThe CRPF DG post is vacant since Dilip Trivedi retired on November 30. 14 CRPF troopers were killed in a dastardly attack in Chhattisgarh the next day. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh is believed to be pitching for former SPG chief and acclaimed boss of the elite anti-Maoist unit of Greyhounds, K Durga Prasad , as the next director-general of the Central Reserve Police Force . Prasad demitted office as the SPG chief on November 2, after he completed his 2-year-tenure and is awaiting his next assignment.
A meeting was held in the Cabinet Secretariat on Thursday to empanel officers of the 1981 batch of the IPS, to which Prasad belongs, for DG level posts. "He is the best choice to be the next CRPF chief. The home ministry is backing his case. The prime minister will take the final call," a source close the home minister told ET.
The CRPF DG post is vacant since Dilip Trivedi retired on November 30. 14 CRPF troopers were killed in a dastardly attack in Chhattisgarh the next day. Sources indicate the government may overlook seniority and, in the process, contenders from IPS batches of 1977-1980 if Prasad is picked.
He was chief of the Greyhounds unit in Andhra Pradesh when Maoists were wiped out from the state. Prasad was brought in briefly as the inspector-general in charge of the newly-formed anti-Maoist unit CoBRA in CRPF in 2008 and he became the SPG chief in 2012. "CRPF needs to follow the Greyhounds example in the fighting Naxals.
There is no person better than Prasad to emulate this. Plus, if selected, he can have a long term as CRPF chief till his superannuation in 2017, in tune with the new government's plan to wipe out Maoists in the next three years," a senior home ministry official said. The latest incident in Chhattisgarh is believed to be acting as a catalyst for getting a 'dynamic chief ' for CRPF, the official said.
The home ministry has asked the Chhattisgarh government to immediately get infra-red lights installed at the Jagdalpur air-strip to enable night-landing facilities for IAF choppers. They could not come to the aid of the CRPF men attacked by Maoists on December 1 because of the lack of night-landing facilities.
"The home ministry will fund the cost if required," an official said. It has also readied a note for the Cabinet Committee on Security for approval of the new "National Policy and Action Plan" against Maoists. Rajnath Singh has also set up a committee headed by former CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar to give a report by December 15 on how to make anti-Maoist operations in Chhattisgarh more effective and ascertain the adequacy of the security deployment in the state.

Infosys can return 19%: CLSA | SpiceJet slips 12%; AAI puts it on cash-&-carrySave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Dr Sikka reiterated his vision of Infosys' revival, using his 'New+Renew' theme, in the analyst meet held on Thursday. Infosys' new management's maiden analyst day was marked by Dr Sikka's reiteration of his 'New+Renew' theme, CLSA said in a report.
The Asia-pacific broker maintains 'buy' on Infosys with a target price of Rs 2500, which translates into an upside of 18.9 per cent in the next 12 months.
We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital, said the CLSA report.
Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership. The brokerage firm reiterates 'BUY'.
Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016. Within manufacturing, which constitutes 23 per cent of revenues, Infosys highlighted that it retains a strong leadership position in hi-tech and autos where it is confident of strong performance, while seeing softness in aerospace & mining and in large deal pipelines.
In BFSI (27% of revenues), it highlighted that growth is driven by regulatory and compliance spending, industrialisation of applications and digital transformation of retail banks.
While individual project sizes stay small, several clients now spend $20-25mn on several such projects a year that also drive downstream work, added the CLSA report.
Performance over the last year has been largely margin led (utilisation, offshore shift), but future recovery hinges on accelerating revenue growth (improving account mining and revenue productivity), CLSA warns.
Infosys highlighted several steps such as improving sales coverage, cross-selling and promotions & lateral mobility to lower attrition. Infosys' success, in its steps taken so far, inspires confidence, added the note.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Chinese Prez Xi urges faster development of new military equipments for strongarmyBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:57 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged faster development of advanced new military equipment to help build a strong army, state media reported, as the country steps up an ambitious modernisation plan that has rattled nerves across the region.
Speaking at a two-day conference of the People’s Liberation Army, Xi said that military reforms should be “guided by the objective of building a strong army”, the official Xinhua news agency said late on Thursday.
“Advanced weaponry is the embodiment of a modern army and a crucial support for national security and rejuvenation,” it cited Xi as saying.
“Equipment systems are now in a period of strategic opportunities and at a key point for rapid development.”
Xi has been pushing to strengthen the fighting ability of China’s 2.3 million-strong armed forces as they project power across disputed waters in the East and South China Seas.
China has developed emerging stealth fighter technology, anti-satellite missiles and now has one aircraft carrier in operation and is planning more.
Defence spending this year is set to rise by 12.2 percent to 808.2 billion yuan ($131.3 billion), a number many governments and analysts say is not representative of the country’s true defence outlays.
Xi said that new weapons must be “innovative, practical and forward-thinking to meet the demands of actual combat and fill in the weak spots of China’s existing equipment”.
“Military officers at all levels should play a leading role and use actual combat to guide soldiers to improve their capacity to operate weapons,” he said.
However the country’s armed forces, the world’s largest, came under criticism earlier this year from serving and retired officers and state media, who questioned whether they were too corrupt to win a war.
Part of Xi’s much-vaunted campaign against deep-rooted graft has targeted the military.
In October, the government said one of China’s most senior former military officers had confessed to taking “massive” bribes in exchange for help in promotions.

Bajaj mulls price hike for Discover  Platina...Bajaj mulls price hike for Discover, Platina models from January
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.10PM IST
Bajaj is looking at raising the price of Platina (in pic), along with that of the Discover model.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Bajaj Auto is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
"We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far," Bajaj Auto Ltd President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas told PTI.
The company has, however, not yet decided on the quantum of the price hike , he added.
"We have'nt decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead," Vas said.
When asked about the reasons for the proposed hike in prices of the two models, Vas said: "Our vendors have taken a hit because of the minimum wages of workers that have gone up considerably and secondly power cost has also gone up considerably, affecting all of us."
He added that even the company's rivals in the domestic market have gone for price hikes across their product portfolios this year.
The company, which saw its motorcycle sales decline by 6 per cent at 2,61,948 units in November 2014, expects the industry to stay subdued in December as well.
"December is not going to be different from November in terms of sales. We expect December sales to witness a decline as compared to same period of last year," Vas said.
Besides, Platina and Discover, the company also sells models like Pulsar, Avenger and Ninja.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

No Sanskrit exams in Kendriya Vidyalayas this year: Government tells SCmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Asian shares mostly weaker with Shanghai on rollercoaster dayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SBI reduces interest on retail term depositsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Banking Newsletter - December 01 to 05  2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

European shares rebound ahead of US jobs dataEuropean shares rebound ahead of US jobs data
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 5:  
European shares rebounded on Friday, recouping some of the sharp losses suffered in the previous session, as investors positioned for strong US jobs data which would underpin expectations about growth in the world's largest economy.
Estimate-beating German industrial orders also supported the sentiment, adding to signs that Europe’s largest economy is starting to pick up after a weak third quarter.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 was up 0.8 per cent at 1,391.50 points after falling 1.4 per cent in the previous session, when the European Central Bank said any decision on further stimulus would be made next year.
US employment growth likely accelerated a bit in November. Non-farm payrolls probably increased by 230,000 jobs last month after rising by 214,000 in October, according to a Reuters’ survey of economists.
Analysts warned that a number too far above consensus would trigger speculation about an early rate hike by the Federal Reserve.
“Anything above 200k without being too close to 300k...should be supportive of stock markets,’’ Jasper Lawler, a market analyst at CMC Markets, said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

SBI cuts deposit rates by 0.25%SBI cuts deposit rates by 0.25%
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 01:54 PM IST
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) today cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25%, making it the third bank after private sector rivals, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, to reduce deposit rates this week.
The bank, which has already affected rate cuts in the short-term maturities of up to a year in two moves over the past few months, today reduced the rates for deposits of over one year.
Under the revised pricing applicable from Monday, a deposit in the bank for over one year but less than five years will fetch an interest of 8.50% as against the earlier 8.75%.
For deposits of five years and above, the rate has been reduced to 8.25% as against the earlier 8.50%, the bank said in a filing to the exchanges.
The review is for retail deposits of under Rs 1 crore, the bank said.
The move comes a day after two private sector banks announced cuts of up to 0.50% in maturities of up to one year.
State-run IDBI Bank had also yesterday announced 0.50% cut in deposit rates for maturities starting from 6 months to 20 years.
The moves are important as these are generally a precursor to a drop in borrowing rates.
It comes within days of Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan going public with his disappointment that banks had not transmitted policy actions to the general public through lending rate cuts.
The governor had said there has been a fall in rates in the money markets due to a variety of reasons, including an expectation that the RBI will become more accommodative in the future, but the bank rates are not reflecting the same.
SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya had said, "Banks get very little resources from the money market. For instance, SBI does not have a single CD (Certificate of Deposit) in the market and so to that extent the rates coming down in the money market won't really impact us. Therefore, there is no question of transmission."

Rail minister promises investor friendly framework to private sector headsPrabhu promises investor-friendly framework to make railways more efficient
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 06, 2014 12:34 AM IST
Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday told a large gathering of private investors and financial institutions his ministry would put in place an investor-friendly framework to transform the national transporter into an efficient organisation.
“We have to put in place a framework to facilitate investment on a long-term, sustainable basis. The idea is to make Indian Railways better than what it is today, in three years,” Prabhu told industry captains at an investor meet here. He clarified the railways would continue to be owned by the government “but we welcome the private sector in infrastructure development”.
Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Kumar said the discussions at the day-long meet involved an overview of five models of participative policy, framework of engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contracts and sectoral guidelines for foreign and domestic investment. “We will now hold two similar meets in January and February, apart from conducting roadshows overseas to attract more investments. We will address all concerns and bring about changes in policy to suit the investors,” he said.
The meeting between rail ministry brass and investors also deliberated on a new model concession agreement under the public-private partnership (PPP) mode and new projects like station development to be rolled out under PPP.
The meeting was attended by representatives of Reliance Infrastructure, Larsen & Toubro, Siemens, Adani Ports, GMR, Tata Infrastructure, Gammon, Jindal Steel and Power, JSW, Bombardier, GE, Alstom, Electromotive Diesel, Bharat Heavy Electricals, NMDC, HSBC and JPMorgan. Kumar said the investors complained of a lack of stability in  policy governing privatisation.
“Railways has informed the new policies that have been finalised. We are keen (to invest) and are watching the developments in the sector. There is an attempt by the railways to correct the imperfections in earlier policies on private participation. The industry gave its suggestions and informed the ministry of issues,” Reliance Group Chief Executive A K Mishra said after the meeting.
Private players currently engaged in various PPP schemes and consultants, including Deloitte Tousche Tohmatsu and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), were also present at the meeting. The newly refined Model Concession Agreement would form the basis of a revival of PPPs in the Railways.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had in July pulled up railways for lacking a coherent policy on PPP and pointed out loopholes in contract designs. Indian Railways is currently working on a target to attract Rs 6,050 crore in rail PPP projects in the current financial year.
Asked whether the benefit of the ongoing decline in crude oil prices will be passed on to consumers, Kumar said there will be no change in the passenger fares at least till the next year's budget in February. He informed the impact of fuel price changes on fares comes after a lag of an entire year. The ministry also announced today it has set up a committee under D K Mittal, former secretary financial services to recommend ways to improve Railways’ financial health.

SAIL stake sale fully subscribedUpdate: SAIL share offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1,715 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Steel Authority of India's (SAIL) share sale was subscribed more than two times, fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore and kicking-off the government's ambitious disinvestment drive.
The first disinvestment offering in the ongoing financial year saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the state-run steel major to meet market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) listing norms.
The government has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sales in various PSU firms during the 2014-15 fiscal in a bid to plug the fiscal deficit.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green-shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to data released by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"Retail investors category was... Hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the finance ministry statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year.
The government has lined up a host of state-run firms to pare holdings - including a 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India (CIL) and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which domestic bourses are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 a piece , which is 2.75 per cent less than the scrip's closing price on Thursday.

Amitabh Bachchan thanks Balki for PaaBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:42 pm
As ‘Paa’ completed five years, megastar Amitabh Bachchan thanked director R. Balakrishnan for coming up with an “innovative creativity”.
The movie, which released Dec 4, 2009, shows the relationship of a politician (played by Abhishek Bachchan) with his son (essayed by Amitabh), who suffers from a disease that causes him to age rapidly.
“’PAA’ released today (Thursday) 5 years ago!!! Thank you Balki for this ‘innovative’ creativity.. NOW… ‘SHAMITABH’… booommbaa!!” Amitabh tweeted.
The duo’s next offering is ‘Shamitabh’, which also features Dhanush and marks the Bollywood debut of southern superstar actor Kamal Haasan’s daughter Akshara. The film is expected to hit the screens Feb 6, 2015.

South Africa marks one year since the death of Madiba NelsonMandelaBy: Agence-France Presse | Johannesburg |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:38 pm
South Africans on Friday began marking one year since the death of Nelson Mandela with services, blasting of vuvuzelas and a cricket match to honour his enormous legacy as an anti-apartheid icon and global beacon of hope.
An interfaith service kicked off the day’s events in Pretoria, at the Freedom Park building dedicated to the country’s liberation heroes.
“Twenty years of democracy has been possible because of Mandela,” tribal chief Ron Martin said as the sun rose over the Pretoria hills and the smell of herbs burning in spiralled antelope horns wafted over the ceremony.
Veterans of the anti-apartheid struggle attended a wreath-laying ceremony at the base of a five-metre statue of a smiling Madiba, the clan name by with South Africans affectionally call their nation’s favourite son.
“The body gave in but Madiba’s spirit never, never changed, it was always the same until the end,” Mandela’s widow Graca Machel said before laying a huge wreath of white flowers with pale pink roses at the base of the statue.
“Madiba is, in spirit, the same even today,” said Machel. “I know Madiba is smiling, Madiba is happy because he is amongst the family he chose to build.”
Later in the day, bells, hooters, vuvuzelas and sirens will chime, honk, blow and wail for three minutes and seven seconds — followed by three minutes of silence: a six-minute and seven-second dedication to Mandela’s 67 years of public service.
A long list of other events were set to take place into the weekend and beyond dedicated to Mandela, including motorcycle rides and performances.
South Africans were also finding their own ways of remembering the former president who led their country out of the dark days of apartheid after enduring 27 years in prison.
For example, tattoo studios in the country have reported an ever-growing demand for Mandela-inspired ink.
Fellow Nobel Peace Prize laureate Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu called on South Africans to emulate Mandela’s example in a statement to mark the anniversary.
“Our obligation to Madiba is to continue to build the society he envisaged, to follow his example,” Tutu said, referring to Mandela by his clan name.
“A society founded on human rights, in which all can share in the rich bounty God bestowed on our country.
In which all can live in dignity, together. A society of better tomorrows for all.” The iconic leader passed away at the age of 95 last year after a long illness.

Birthday ceremony for ailing Thai king calledoffBy: Associated Press | Bangkok |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:36 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:40 pm
A traditional birthday celebration ceremony for Thailand’s King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the world’s longest-reigning monarch, was canceled on December 5 because his doctors said he’s not well enough to attend.
The king, who turned 87, has been hospitalized since early October when he had his gall bladder removed.
The cancellation, announced by the palace, will put a damper on public birthday celebrations, but will not come as a shock to most people. The monarch has been visibly ailing for the last several years.
However, his absence comes at a time of particular concern over his succession.
Next in line is Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn. In recent weeks, members of the family of his wife, Princess Srirasm, have been arrested on charges of abusing their connections for financial benefit.
Thais hold great affection for Bhumibol, who took the throne in 1946. His speeches delivered the night before his birthday were listened to as the best gauge for Thailand’s direction and moral guidance. But his fading from public life and the palace’s perceived role in Thailand’s latest political battles that started in 2006 and culminated in a coup in May, have tarnished the institution in recent years, undermining what had previously been near-universal respect for the monarchy.
Vajiralongkorn, 62, does not command the same respect and affection as the king, who was closely and actively involved in his country’s development efforts.
The birthday ceremony was also canceled in 2008. That year, Vajiralongkorn made a sudden last-minute substitution for the king at a speech he traditionally broadcasts to the nation on the eve of his birthday.
This year, Vajiralongkorn has been scheduled to fill in for the king at a small religious ceremony to be held Friday afternoon.

GNLA rebels attack Additional SPs house inMeghalayaWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:10 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 2:11 am
Suspected militants belonging to the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) last night made a daring attack on the official residence of T G Momin, Additional SP of East Garo Hills district in Willamnagar, and also placed a powerful IED in the compound which luckily did not explode.
Official sources said a group of suspected GNLA militants fired over a dozen rounds from a sophisticated AK-series weapon damaging the outer walls of the additional SP’s official residence. While the officer was out in the town supervising the law and order situation, his wife and little daughter escaped unhurt by lying down on the floor. The incident occurred at around 8:30 PM last night.
While policemen on duty in the vicinity rushed to the spot on hearing gunshots, the militants escaped under cover of darkness, but not before leaving behind an improvised explosive device (IED) near the main gate of the additional SP’s quarter.
“The militants had planned to detonate the bomb through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in, but our personnel spotted the device outside the compound, which was soon diffused by our bomb squad,” said East Garo Hills SP Davis Nestell R Marak. The IED was concealed in a plastic bag. As many as 13 empty rounds of AK-series ammunition along with three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants opened fire on the SP’s quarter.
It was only about a month back that the GNLA had announced a reward of Rs 15 lakh to cadres who would target senior police officers in the Garo Hills region. That announcement was made on November 6, one day after the Meghalaya Police had announced rewards of Rs 10 lakh for information leading to arrest of 10 top GNLA rebels. While the GNLA had killed three policemen this year, the police have killed 45 militants this year.

Link-up rumours common in actors life: ArjunKapoorBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:32 pm
Actor Arjun Kapoor says linking up with co-stars are the part and parcel of an actor’s life and he is not the only one who is targeted with such reports.
The actor is rumoured to be dating his ‘Tevar’ co-star Sonakshi Sinha but he has a different story to tell.
“These things (link-up reports) are part and parcel of an actor’s life. I am not the first actor to be linked with his co-star and I am definitely not going to be the last,” said the actor.
“We both (Sonakshi and Arjun) are not influenced by these rumours. As long as it’s not below the belt, I am fine with it,” he added.
Arjun, who was previously linked with his ‘2 States’ fame actress Alia Bhatt, says he is very much single. “I have been saying this from last two years but nobody believes me. Everybody wants me to find a girlfriend and when I hangout with my co-stars, I am linked to them,” he said.
Directed by Amit Sharma, ‘Tevar’ also features Manoj Bajpayee amongst others. It will release Jan 9.

Kim-Kanye wedding day picture tops Instagrams most likedpostBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 2:34 pm
The picture of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s wedding day has become the most liked post of 2014 on Instagram.
The picture of the duo on their wedding day sharing their first kiss has received a huge 2.4 million likes, reported Daily Mirror.
Kardashian, 34, and her rapper-husband West got married on May 24 in Florence, Italy.
The second-most liked post came from Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, a black and white picture of the duo which created a massive stir, has received 1.9 million likes.
Finally the picture of former Disney star Ariana Grande kissing Miley Cyrus’s cheek came in third place with 1.84
million likes.

Sulemani Keeda review: Gives us a couple of struggling script-writers that makes ussmileWritten by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:21 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 2:36 pm
Movie Review: Sulemani Keeda
Star Cast: Naveen Kasturia, Mayank Tewari, Aditi Vasudev, Karan Mirchandani
Director : Amit V Masurkar
There’s something likeable about stories of eager young things trying to break into the movies, as well as looking for the big life answers. And that has always been the case.
Sulemani Keeda gives us a couple of struggling script-writers that make us smile. But the film takes the “slacker” part of its title (slacker comedy) a bit too seriously: these kids are all right, but their journey is not very new, and their script is, yes, slack.
The best part of the film is the way everything feels authentic and lived-in: the apartment of the wannbe script-writers Mainak and Dulal (Tewari and Kasturia) is just so; as is the party, and the weed-and-alcohol fuelled chatter at the house of the sweet girl (Aditi Vasudev) they bump into at a book-shop.
The conversation is a highlight, as it should be: you hear these characters talk, and you know you can meet them somewhere, someplace. And that goes for the fat cat producer’s deluded sonny boy (Karan Mirchandani), who wants to make it big by doing “something different”.
The huge divide between these we-are-writing-the-next-big-film fellows and the guys who actually make the biggies is emphasised with Mahesh Bhatt and Anil Sharma playing themselves and telling the “strugglers” what they need to do to break into big, bad Bollywood.
The three main characters as well as the bit parts do their job well. But after a point, it all becomes a bit too laidback, even the trying-to-get-laid bit. A little more fun would have put a little more, much-needed spring into Sulemani Keeda, which apparently loosely translates as “pain in the rear”. The title has its tongue firmly in the cheek; the film not as much.

HDFC Bank to cut lending rate by March: Aditya Puri  MDSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country's second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, a top official said today.
"Now I've reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see by March or so base rate will come down," the bank's Managing Director Aditya Puri told PTI after launching a blood donation drive.
Puri said base rate or the minimum rate of lending is computed on the cost of deposits and the bank cannot cut its lending rate unless the deposit rate comes down.
Once the cost of deposits come down, following the December 1 cut in short-term deposits of up to one year maturities, the bank will pass on the benefit to borrowers, he added.
The bank's base rate currently stands at 10 per cent and the last movement in it was in November last year, when it was hiked by 0.20 per cent.
The bank cut the deposit rates by 0.25 to 0.50 per cent in various buckets ranging from 49 days to less than a year deposits, attributing it to low credit pick-up, drop in money market rates and competitor's moves.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had rued the fact that banks are not passing the benefits of the declining rates environment to the borrowers, saying the policy measures are not getting transmitted as desired.
Puri today said that policy transmission has happened as the banks have cut rates in different offerings like car loans where banks have reduced their spreads, but added that it does not reflect in the base rate due to deposit rates.
"Already interest rates have gone down in the market, whether it is car loans or term loans. Monetary transmission with or without reduction in policy rates has already happened," he said.
Puri said Rajan's stance has been dovish, which comforts the banking system and added that the RBI Governor should unleash 0.50 per cent cut in the next policy.
"His statement is also dovish, saying that once he can see stability in the benignness of the inflation, you can expect a cut. Let's hope that the cut is a meaningful one at 50 basis points since he didn't do it this time," Puri said.
HDFC Bank today started a single-day blood donation drive at 2,000 locations across the country simultaneously. Last year, it had collected 67,000 units of blood in a similar drive and is targeting the same to go up to 1 lakh this year, Puri said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SAIL stake sale subscribed 62% in afternoon ...equities
MUMBAI: A clutch of state-owned insurers and banks stepped in to ensure the success of the Narendra Modi government's first share sale. Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
SAIL's 20.65-crore-share offer for sale (OFS) done through stock exchanges on Friday was subscribed two times. Bids under the general category, including institutional investors and banks among others, were almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them.
Retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares kept aside for the category. They will be allotted the shares at a discount of 5% to the bid price. There was some confusion about the subscription details in the last hour of trading. At around 2:30 pm, the BSE website showed the offer was subscribed 131%, but it was soon revised to 69%. Soon, both exchanges showed the offer was fully subscribed.
State-owned insurance companies such as LIC and General Insurance Corp.(GIC) among others pumped close to Rs 700-750 crore into the share sale, said a banker in the know. Some public sector banks, along with one large private bank, invested about Rs 450-500 crore in the issue.
Private banks put in Rs 100 crore
The private sector lender put in close to Rs 100 crore, the banker said.
In addition to these state-owned firms, at least 12 foreign hedge funds such as Segantii Capital Management and Geosphere subscribed to the SAIL OFS, said a source. But, investment by some of these asset managers in the SAIL issue was part of a trading strategy involving shares and futures contracts.
Various hedge funds sold futures contracts of SAIL before the announcement of share sale. In the OFS on Friday, they subscribed to shares proportionately. These funds benefit when the price of the futures contract and the share price converge.
Unlike traditional foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who buy and hold for a while, these hedge funds are said to have invested in the issue with the intention of holding for a shorter period. Bankers said many long-established institutional investors were not keen to put money into the SAIL issue because of steep valuations."Operationally, SAIL is not the best opportunity that investors have as of now. Also, there was very little left on the table in terms of valuations," said a senior fund manager of a top mutual fund.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Midcap index hits new life high | Defence stocks surge up to 10%NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Midcap index hit an all-time high in today's trade at 10,599.8.
The gains were led by HMT which surged over 15% in intraday trade.
Other gainers in the pack were Pipavav Defence and Offshore Eng Ltd that surged as much as 10 per cent and Redington (India) Ltd, up 12.88 per cent in afternoon deals.
Other top index gainers were Bayer Cropscience (7.15%), Monsanto (7.02%) and Bajaj Corp (5.17%).
Wockhardt Ltd , Redington (India) Ltd, NBCC and Raymond Ltd hit 52-week high in trade today.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

SAIL sell-off begins; subscribed over 62% till nowSAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 27% in early trade
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.00PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government's 5 per cent stake sale in steel major SAIL, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today and got subscribed over 27 per cent in morning trade.
The total issue of 20.65 crore shares got bids for 5.7 crore shares by 1055 hours, as per the NSE data.
The retail category of 2.06 crore shares got bids for over 16.5 lakh shares (8 per cent) while the general category of about 18.6 crore shares were subscribed nearly 30 per cent.
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday's closing price.
On the BSE , the company's scrip hit a low of Rs 83.5, down 2.17 per cent over its previous close, soon after the start of market hours today.
It continued to trade in the range of Rs 84.70-83.50 in early trade, which was higher than the floor price.
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5 per cent stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer.
The government currently holds 80 per cent stake in the company.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares have been reserved for retail investors , who can buy stocks worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Also, a 5 per cent discount on the bid price would be given to retail investors.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013, which fetched over Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities and J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sales so far in the current fiscal.
During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, the government had raised over Rs 16,000 crore through disinvestment of PSUs.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Devendra Fadnavis Cabinet expansion todayUpdated: December 5, 2014 12:12 IST
Devendra Fadnavis’ Cabinet expansion today
PTI
Tweet
Special Arrangement
A file photo of Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Shiv Sena party president Uddhav Thackeray, in Mumbai.
VIDEO
state politics
Shiv Sena set to join Maharashtra govt
Weeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the Shiv Sena will finally join the BJP-led government on Friday when Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis expands his Cabinet.
According to highly placed sources in the party, five Cabinet rank, and an equal number of State Ministers are likely to be inducted from the Shiv Sena, along with 10 new Ministers of the BJP.
“The BJP and the Shiv Sena have jointly decided that the Sena will get 5 Cabinet rank and 7 Ministers of State. But for now, we are putting on hold the oath taking of two Ministers of State. It will happen after the winter session of the Assembly,” a senior Sena leader, who was part of discussions with the BJP, told PTI.
According to the Shiv Sena leader, those who are likely to included in the Cabinet are: Diwakar Raote, Dipak Sawant, Subhash Desai, Eknath Shinde and Ramdas Kadam.
Mr. Raote is set to get the Transport Ministry, while Mr. Sawant may get Health. Industries Ministry, currently headed by BJP leader Prakash Mehta will now be reshuffled and given to Mr. Subhash Desai. Mr. Eknath Shinde, who had occupied the Leader of Opposition chair will now head the MMRDC. Mr. Ramdas Kadam, a close confidante of Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray, will get the Environment Ministry.
Among those likely to be included as State Ministers are: Sena MLAs Sanjay Rathod, Ravindra Vaikar, Dada Bhuse Vijay Shivtare and Deepak Kesarkar.
The two long-time allies had parted ways on December 15, just three weeks before the Maharashtra Assembly elections, which threw up a fractured verdict in the 288-member Legislature.
The BJP subsequently emerged as the single largest party with 122, while the Sena bagged 63 seats. The Congress came third with 42 seats and the NCP finished last with 41.

Moderate turnout in MCC s by-pollThe Hindu
Voters waiting to exercise their franchise during by-polls to Ward 15 of Mysore City Corporation.
A moderate turnout of 29.16 per cent was recorded by 1 p.m. during the polling for by-elections to Mysore City Corporation (MCC) from ward 15 on Friday.
Election officer Roopa told The Hindu that polling process was smooth in all the eleven booths set up for polling in Vivekanandanagar area in Mysuru, which comprises the ward.
Congress candidate Komala Ramesh, BJP candidate Seema Prasad, JD (S) candidate Lakshmi Ganesh and independent candidate Kempamma are in the fray in the ward comprising more than 11,000 voters.
Voting began at 7 a.m. and is expected to continue till 5 p.m.
The by-poll for Ward 15, reserved for women (general), has been necessitated in the wake of the resignation by Manjula Manasa, who was appointed chairperson of the Karnataka State Women's Commission.

SAIL Share Sale Enters Last Hour: 10 Things to KnowSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
The government on Friday sold 5 per cent stake in state-run Steel Authority of India (SAIL) through offer for sale (OFS) route. It will likely raise Rs 1,700 crore from the open market. Post this share sale, the government's stake in the company will come down to 75 per cent. SAIL is India's second biggest steel manufacturer by market value.
Here are 10 things to know about the share sale:
1) SAIL shares ended at Rs 83.50 on National Stock Exchange, higher than the floor price of Rs 83.
2) The retail category was subscribed 2.58 times. Retail investors will get a discount of 5 per cent to the offer price.
3) The general category was subscribed 1.96 times and total subscription was 2.02 times.
4) In total, 26.65 crore shares were on offer. 2.06 crore shares were reserved for retail investors.
5) Most state-run companies have underperformed the broader markets despite a record rally this year. SAIL shares have risen just over 18 per cent this year, lagging a near 36 per cent rise in the Sensex.
6) Analysts say SAIL is a good option for long-term investors. Market expert Ambareesh Baliga told NDTV that long-term investors, with a 2-3 year horizon, should buy SAIL. "India cannot grow at 8 per cent without growth in infrastructure and steel is an important part of infra sector," he said.
7) According to brokerage Maybank, SAIL shares are likely to be under pressure. Earnings will suffer because of the oversupply in the domestic steel market, it said. Maybank has a hold rating on the stock.
8) The response to Friday's share sale in SAIL paves the way for the planned sale of a 10 per cent stake in Coal India and a 5 per cent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Stake sales in NHPC, Power Finance Corp and Rural Electrification Corp are also in the pipeline.
9) The bigger Coal India and ONGC stake sales should help the government raise a combined Rs 40,000 crore, as per the current market prices.
10) OFS is a form of share sale which facilitates promoters of an already listed company to sell or dilute their existing shareholding through an exchange based bidding platform.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:58 (IST)

Short Tata Motors  says Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short Tata Motors, says Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar of aplusanalytics recommends shorting Tata Motors with a target of Rs 502.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar of aplusanalytics told CNBC-TV18, "We have recommend a short on Tata Motors . Tata Motors on ADR terms has already given a break down from a running triangle and it is a classic example of short build up. In last two trading sessions the stock has seen an addition of nearly 6 lakh shares of open interest on the short side and that projects the stock could fall all the way around Rs 490-500 level in the coming days."
"I would recommend this stock with a stoploss of Rs 553 and a target of Rs 502 in the coming days," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Short Infosys  advises Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short Infosys, advises Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar of aplusanalytics is of the view that one may short Infosys as the stock may test Rs 1900-1950.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar of aplusanalytics told CNBC-TV18, "We have recommended a short on Infosys  at these levels. It is a classic example of long unwinding pressure. In last two trading sessions Infosys has seen a cut off nearly 13 lakh of open interest and that clearly has put the stock into an unwinding pressure."
"We expect Infosys to test levels of Rs 1,900-1,950 which again turns out to be a short-term support zone. We are expecting a steep decline in Infosys in the coming days," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Diplomats from Africa Seek Liberal Indian Investments for its upliftThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SBI follows industry trend  cuts term deposit rates by 0.25%Hi Guest
SBI follows industry trend, cuts term deposit rates by 0.25%
Country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent, making it the third bank after private sector rivals, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, to reduce deposit rates this week. The bank, which has already affected rate cuts in the short-term maturities of up to a year in two moves over the past few months, on Friday reduced the rates for deposits of over one year. Under the revised pricing applicable from Monday, a deposit ...

Reliance Comm signs $1 bn managed services deal with EricssonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Amal tanks 20% as board approves merger with AtulThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Opposition continues to demand action against Sadhvi Niranjana Jyoti  BJP overloThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Khandwala Securities  company secretary Ruchi Chauhan resignsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brigade Group launches luxury project in North BangaloreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Buy BOI  Tata Communications  Tata Chemicals: Vishal Malkan02:30 pm
Vishal B Malkan of malkansview told CNBC-TV18, "Some PSU banks have been on fire today taking the Bank Nifty higher. So, I will go with Bank of India  which is trading above Rs 300 which was an important resistance. So, I go with a buy on that with a target of Rs 325."
" Tata Communications and Tata Chemicals  are trading at a multi-year high. In case of Tata Chemicals I will go with a buy and the target would be Rs 485 with a stoploss of Rs 435 and Tata Communications with a stoploss of Rs 450 with a target of Rs 495," he said.
Disclosure: May have holding in stocks recommended.
RELATED NEWS

Buy 470 475 480 485 s/l 465Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It is v important for the market  for the company and for the sharehol...hum kisi ko koi challenge nahin detay na kissi ka challenge letay hain.
hamari apni chaal hai aur sangeet hai.
hamara challenge leney ya deney ka matlab hai paramatama ko mazboor karna ki wo is baat  ko zaroor poora karay nahin to hamari izzat ka sawaal hai. jo poorntaya anuchit hai. aap ka challenge aap ko mubarik ho.koi aur grahak dhoondhiyey ga sher ji.

New press release is just a validation that this quarter the eps will ...New Member
0 Follower
New press release is just a validation that this quarter the EPS will be positive and then there is no looking back for this stock. People with any kind of foresight, will buy and reap heavy profits. I see this stock at 35 in January and 65 in July.
3.00 PM Dec 5th  | Track

Bhai  iski aukat kodi ki nahi hein aur baat sare jahan ki karta hein.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Love in the time of TinderTweet
Standing apart: Local dating apps like Truly Madly hope to attract youngsters who are looking for partners without parental supervision
Standing apart: Local dating apps like Truly Madly hope to attract youngsters who are looking for partners without parental supervision
Indigenous dating apps are giving new agency to young people who now believe romance, and perhaps even happily-ever-after are just a click away
Life had just become easier for singles in the city. Or so I was led to believe. The solution for melancholic solitude was now just an app away. Having proved their worth as effective icebreakers in the West, mobile dating platforms were fast galvanising lonely Indian hearts into action. The arrival of Tinder neatly coincided with the advent of indigenous doppelgangers such as Thrill, Woo and Truly Madly, which demanded a similar drill. Start by signing in through your Facebook account. Scan profiles of likely matches. Make snap judgments on the basis of age and appearance. Scan the personal details — digests of career achievements, trite pick-up lines even obtuse quotes by Rousseau. Then, as Tinder vocabulary would have it, swipe left to reject, swipe right to accept.
Approximately 48 hours after I had downloaded Tinder, my phone buzzed in the dead of night. The app had finally found me a match. Devika*, a Mumbai-based advertising professional, was passing through Kolkata and was booked on a flight the next morning. A formal date was logistically impossible. A Tinder chat, however, helped ease some boredom. “The other day,” she typed, “I started speaking to a man on Tinder who looked dishy and obviously Punjabi. It turns out, that wasn’t a picture of his to begin with. He was basically middle-aged, married and Bengali. His wife, he later said, just wasn’t interested in sex.” I assured the 35-year-old that if I had to choose a fake picture for myself, I’d pick someone with a far richer crop of hair. She laughed. And promised to party together when in the city next. My first Tinder exchange had left me both curious and confused.
Concerned about the breed of half-witted and desperate men I might be mistaken for, I asked 23-year-old blogger Nisha Manchanda* if Indian men knew how to navigate the world of online dating. Her answer was a categorical “No!” She explained, “One of the first messages I received on Tinder was hilariously puzzling. This guy just said, ‘Meow!’ Men use images of dogs and picturesque landscapes as their profile pictures. Sometimes you’ll see them putting up a group picture. How should I decode who I am speaking to?” Though tired of looking for the proverbial Waldo ever since she became a Tinder user this May, Nisha does believe that most dating apps are more women-friendly. “I’d say that I have been matched with 98 per cent of the men I swiped right for. It gave me a great ego boost at first, but after a while you realise that men swipe right for almost every woman they see. It can get a bit much.”
Evidence suggests that dating platforms can be equally puzzling for men. Browsing through prospective profiles on Thrill, I paused at pictures of women snug in the arms of possible boyfriends and husbands. Thrill’s co-founder Josh Israel says he shares my bewilderment. “I don’t know if they are just bored or looking for another relationship, but such anomalies can be seen the world over.” Two years after shifting base to India from New Jersey, Israel believes there are perhaps other peculiarities which set the country apart. The 27-year-old entrepreneur says that despite sharing many a habit with the West, the Indian man still struggles when approaching women. “Parents have found life partners for their children for so long that a strange mindset has come to define India’s youth. Every man wants to know — how do I talk to women?”
Released earlier this year, Thrill already boasts 60,000 users and 20,000 matches. Israel, though remains realistic about such numbers. “Apps like ours are only taking a crack at a minute urban population. Our users are part of that hip, young crowd, which is already frequenting bars and nightclubs. The idea is to access the larger populace.” Thrill’s founders have their hopes pinned on the country’s much-hyped 18-25 age demographic. “For them, shaadi.com is just not cool. As time progresses, a slice of that matrimonial pie will belong to mobile dating apps,” says Israel.
The likes of Tinder and Thrill are taking on a veritable Goliath. A matrimonial service like shaadi.com claims to attract 10,000 subscribers every day. Chances of a radical transformation seem remote, but for some, matchmaking is up for a swap and a swipe.
The traffic attracted by an online matrimonial profile is often the subject of an entire family’s curiosity. Mobile dating and discovery apps, on the other hand, offer more private agency. No longer reliant on just an aunt’s or colleague’s introduction, hundreds of Indian youngsters now carry in their pockets the possibility of an independent and sudden romance. Since social apprehensions dictate that the use of these mobile platforms remains both awkward and surreptitious, most urban users only secretly admit to playing a new kind of virtual roulette. The odds of rejection are high, but that doesn’t seem to dampen their hope for love and intimacy. Many believe that these novel wheels of Tinder-like fortune will one day turn enough for them to get lucky.
Finding middle ground
Six months ago, writer Esha Kakar* and her friend talked about the difficulties of meeting single men in Mumbai. “At some point, this friend took my phone from me and downloaded Tinder,” says 26-year-old Kakar. The first date proved disappointing. Her Tinder match needed alcohol to converse with women. Worse still, he was preparing for his GMAT and wanted Kakar to proof his English. “It felt like I had just met Rajesh Koothrappali from The Big Bang Theory.” Another Tinder conversation one night carried itself to the phone and then to an impulsive breakfast. “We even got wet in the rain. I had spoken to a stranger for eight hours straight. It would have all been a dreamy first romantic date, but things fizzled out.”
There have been other long drives and nights at the movies. Wanting to record her adventures in this brave new world of mobile dating, Kakar is cataloguing them for her first book. Though she still remains part of the arranged marriage framework, she feels that applications like Tinder and Truly Madly help engineer a more direct correspondence, thereby eliminating the middleman. But a suitably meaningful relationship, she asserts, might well be a rarity. “The general idea is that if a girl is using a dating app, she must be promiscuous. Men often end up viewing such spaces as hook-up platforms.” To counter such perceptions, the founders of Woo and Truly Madly are trying to shed the ‘dating’ tag, deliberately positioning their apps as social discovery and matchmaking products. “Hardly anyone wants to be matched with a thrill-seeker or someone looking for just a casual fling,” says Sumesh Menon, CEO and co-founder of U2opia Mobile, the company that launched Woo this July.
Rather than attracting the college-goer, Menon stresses that Woo’s target audience is the young professional who has made some headway in his or her career. “These people are financially independent. They don’t want to outsource the process of finding their life partner. Unlike the conventional matrimonial website, where matches are made on the basis of caste and complexion, individuals now want to set their own parameters that aren’t transactional.” Menon clearly wants to create a virtual environment that is conducive for a “serious” relationship. Hitesh Dhingra, co-founder of Truly Madly, seems to be on a similar page.
In the months of research that Dhingra and his team conducted before releasing their app, they noticed that a majority of their respondents felt that dating in an Indian context felt too frivolous. “We had never had a good dating site. On the ones that existed, over 90 per cent of the users happened to be male. There was no security,” says Dhingra. The online matchmaking space, he adds, hadn’t transformed in over a decade. “Moreover, even matrimonial sites weren’t safe for women. There was this obvious proliferation of fake profiles.”
With improvement and sanitisation in mind, the founders of Truly Madly hit upon a novel idea. For new users signing up, Facebook accounts would only provide a first key to the matchmaking platform. The process of proving one’s credibility was to be more exhaustive. Determined by a verification of phone numbers, LinkedIn profiles, driving licence and passport numbers, the app’s makers began assigning each of their subscribers a ‘trust score’. The idea, says Dhingra, was simple — “The higher this score, the better your eventual prospects.” Most dating apps often only allow users to connect with individuals who are located within a radius of 100-150 km. By allowing its users to find matches even beyond this circumscribed limit, Dhingra says Truly Madly serves a more noble purpose: “We will ensure that compatibility slowly comes to supersede geographical limitations.”
I do and some don’t
If you are looking for a match across the oceans, matrimonial websites should be your next stop. A few days after I had filled out an endless questionnaire on shaadi.com (the things I do for you, dear reader), I saw that my profile had attracted the attention of a British-Asian government employee. Checking the boxes of our criteria, I finally found the catch I instinctively knew existed. She expected me to earn a crore and more every year. My inadequacy plaguing me, I stayed away from the website. A week later, I received an afternoon call from a Shaadi executive. She wanted to know what I was looking for in a potential life partner. “Like-mindedness,” I muttered. “No caste preferences, Sir?” Taken back, I realised my ‘No’ sounded more apologetic than emphatic. The conversation ended with an invitation to the matrimonial portal’s city office and the carrot being dangled — “You can even get numbers, Sir!”
Mallika Garg*, a 31-year-old educationist working in Bengaluru, had for long navigated the space of online matrimony before she found her husband on shaadi.com three years ago. Her first tip — “Make sure you don’t have bad grammar. Badly written profiles are an instant turn-off.” Dating applications, she says, might possibly have been attractive to her if she were 21. “Once you are 26 and have decided to settle down, you certainly wouldn’t want to be on a public dating platform.” Even though her husband doesn’t like telling acquaintances that the couple met on a matrimonial platform, Garg is grateful for the relatively anonymous search Shaadi allowed her. “I didn’t have to give out my picture or any other information I felt uncomfortable sharing. But that said, finding someone on Shaadi is a lot like looking for a needle in a haystack.”
Garg remembers sifting through hundreds of profiles that were quite obviously faked. “It just made the whole process that much harder.” Women and child development minister Maneka Gandhi clearly had the interests of several Mallikas in mind when she recently demanded that online matrimonial sites revamp their security features. The minister even suggested that such portals make Aadhar numbers mandatory. “It’s a suggestion that obviously has the right intent, but the penetration of Aadhar might not be enough for it to be an altogether reliable method. Besides, we are also a global business,” says Gourav Rakshit
As president and COO of shaadi.com, Rakshit doesn’t feel threatened by the advent of dating and matchmaking apps. He says it separates the wheat from the chaff. “It’s well understood that if you are looking for a life partner, Shaadi is the place to be. If you are looking for a casual date, you have other apps for that.” It has now been two years since 30-year-old architect Vikram Ghosh* posted his profile on BharatMatrimony.com. “I met some women from the site, but they expected my parents to be a presence from the start. I wanted to leave that encounter for later. I had a bottom-up approach. They seemed to want a top-down one.” After turning his attention to apps, which gave him access to more single women in Kolkata, Ghosh did go out on more dates. “I think I blew my chances with the last girl by suggesting we spend a weekend together. She said no. I moved on,” he says.
Writer Esha Kakar, however, deserves the last word. She says, “The more I use these apps, the more I start believing that people are disposable. If I don’t get along with you, there is little reason for me to give you a second chance. There is someone else waiting and he’s only a free app away.” Fearing my lot in the bins of modern matchmaking, I decide to quietly hit delete.
(*Names of some respondents have been changed on request.)
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Mosh  Manju  Queen & IBreaking good. In an ageist industry that usually relegates lead actresses to supporting roles after 30, Manju Warrier plays her age in How Old Are You
BUSINESS LINE Anna MM Vetticad
2014 threw up three pleasant surprises — entertaining films that tell credible stories of women. That such films are rare is a result of gender politics, not economics
Winter is a time for bonfires, boots and smart overcoats. It’s also the season for a parade of best-of-the-year-gone-by lists from film critics. But I want to share with you a more personal compilation — three pleasant surprises for a cinephile forever in search of entertaining films that tell credible stories of women.
Queen
Watching a mainstream Bollywood film which makes me go “oh my god, that could be me” is a rare experience. Queen was that kind of film. The story of a conservative middle-class Delhi girl (Kangna Ranaut) who rediscovers herself after her fiancé dumps her shortly before their wedding, it reminded me of how starved we women are of films about us.
The US and India, home to the world’s largest film industries, are guilty on this front in different ways, governed by gender politics that drives economics. Here in India, film industry power structures are so male-dominated, that despite a steady trickle of women executives in production houses and the occasional woman director or writer, films remain largely dictated by the male gaze.
Result: most tell stories of men and are told from a male point of view, even if women have substantial roles in them. It is also generally assumed that women-focused films need to be about a dispiriting ‘issue’ because someone somewhere thinks women do not have amusing, uplifting experiences.
In this scenario, Queen was path-breaking in many ways. It was about a woman whose existence in the film was not dependent on her relationship with a dominant hero, and it was highly entertaining. Director Vikas Bahl shared the writing credits with Parveez Shaikh, Chaitally Parmar, Anvita Dutt and lead actor Kangna Ranaut herself — reminding us that sometimes all it takes to make a warm, fun film about a woman is a sensitive man who asks women what they want and who they are.
How Old Are You
Director Rosshan Andrrews’ How Old Are You marked Malayalam actress Manju Warrier’s return to films after a decade and a half. It turned out to be startlingly courageous. Think about it: how often does a mainstream Indian heroine ask her onscreen husband whether he would have wanted her to emigrate with him to a foreign country if servants there were inexpensive?
Warrier plays a woman who subordinated her career ambitions in favour of a boring job that would allow her to focus entirely on her husband and daughter, only to become the object of their disdain because of her limited interests and achievements. In an industry that tends to retire lead actresses at a relatively early age or relegate them to supporting roles, it was unusual to see an actress in her late 30s playing the heroine in a film positioned as commercial, not ‘art cinema’. For the record, Queen and How Old Are You were money-spinners, proving once again that audiences are far more open-minded than gendered film industries give them credit for.
Les Stances a Sophie
Indian film buffs would perhaps best know Israel’s Moshé Mizrahi as the Oscar-winning director of Madame Rosa (1977). He made his debut in 1971 with the French film Les Stances a Sophie (Sophie’s Ways), which was lost to the world for nearly four decades thereafter because the producer went bankrupt and most prints were seized.
And then the Embassy of Israel called earlier this month. They were screening Sophie’s Ways in Delhi. Would I moderate a discussion with the octogenarian director?
Sophie’s Ways is about a young woman in 1970 Paris who does not believe in being tied down to one man, but impulsively succumbs to a marriage proposal early in the film. As she becomes frustrated with the relationship, Moshé delivers an incredibly progressive, grim yet humorous take on women’s sexuality and sexual freedom.
The film had a limited release in France back then but got a lukewarm response, according to Moshé, “because the women’s liberation movement had not yet come into the French media in a big way as it had in America by then, so French people thought the film was too much.” In 2008, a digitally restored version was released on DVD. Six years later at the Delhi screening, I asked myself for the millionth time: what prevents film industries from making more such mainstream, women-centric films?
“Economics” is the standard answer. The truth lies elsewhere. In India’s male-dominated industries, for instance, mainstream heroes are perennially cast in lead roles with larger-than-life personas. Mainstream heroines are rarely offered such films. Over time, this creates a disparity in numbers and obsessiveness between fans of male and female stars. This usually ensures that the occasional commercial, woman-centric film — which is rarely marketed as heavily as hero-oriented films — doesn’t get the same opening collections that a hero-centric film does, and is more dependent on word of mouth. “We told you so,” producers promptly say.
But hey, you created the system, and you work hard to perpetuate it. Films like Queen and How Old Are You (and the Priyanka Chopra-starrer Mary Kom, for that matter) have been hits despite these constraints. Make such films in large numbers over a period of time, create equitable circumstances for heroes and heroines, and then see how many more of these you get. It’s a crying shame that in the 21st century, film buffs like me are making such lists of pleasant surprises
(Anna MM Vetticad is the author of The Adventures of an Intrepid Film Critic)
Follow her on Twitter @annavetticad
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

The banned band from MaliThe banned band from Mali
prerna singh
Tweet
Out of Africa: The Songhoy Blues (from left) Oumar Touré, Aliou Touré, Nathanael Dembélé and Garba Touré
Bonding over the music they fled their country for, the Songhoy Blues are now playing at an NH7 Weekender gig near you
When armed Islamists took over northern Mali in early 2012, among the things they banned was music. The penalty for playing or listening to music ranged from a public whipping to chopped hands. Among those who fled the country were guitarist Garba Touré, bass player Oumar Touré and singer Aliou Touré — the three are not related, Touré being a common surname in Mali, but all three belong to the Songhoy people. They met in Bamako in the south of Mali, bonded over their love for music, specifically the Desert Blues they played, and Songhoy Blues was born. Subsequently, they met drummer Nathanael Dembélé, and the band was complete. They hit the big time when they were discovered by musical talent scouts African Express. The Songhoy boys are currently playing at the Bacardi NH7 Weekenders across India. BLink caught up with them.
Did you know each other before you formed a band?
We were friends, yes. Oumar is from Gao, like Aliou, and Garba is from Timbuktu. Garba and Oumar knew each other. But we all got together in Bamako, in 2012, following the (political) issue in north Mali. A friend of ours was getting married, and we decided to get together and play at the wedding. It worked really well — we played without a repertoire, but it was fabulous. The next day, we got together as a band.
Did you run away from northern Mali as you couldn’t listen to or play music there?
An artist for whom music is banned is like a body without a soul. Before we moved to Bamako, playing, and even living, under the rule of the Islamic militants in Timbuktu had become impossible. We had never imagined that one day we could be forbidden from playing music — music is universal, there’s no one on earth who doesn’t listen to music!
Does the underground music culture make you different from musicians elsewhere in the world?
No, but our music, which is born of our roots and our culture, perhaps does. In Mali, we mostly enjoy Takamba music — it’s the first music a Songhoy child listens to, it’s so purely Songhoy. Nowadays, younger people listen to occidental music too, but the older generation still enjoys the Takamba, or famous northern artists like Ali Farka Touré and Ibrahim Dicko.
What are the other influences on your music?
Ali Farka Touré and Jimi Hendrix.
Are you familiar with Indian music?
We’ve checked the line-up at the festival but, to be honest, we don’t know much about any of the other bands. This is turning out to be quite a discovery for us.
How does it feel to be in India?
Amazing! India is all over African television, so getting a chance to actually be here is fabulous. It’s very good for a band like us to get an opportunity to play here; it’s a different audience but they’re definitely dancing to Songhoy Blues.
How were you discovered by the scouts of African Express?
We were at a friend’s place, recording, and he told us about this project that was coming to town — somebody called Marc Antoine was in Bamako to scout for a band. He suggested we contact him. Marc Antoine introduced us to Nick Zinner of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. Working with Nick was a fabulous experience.
Who would you pick for a dream collaboration?
We can’t say, but we were very happy to meet Damon Albarn and work with Nick Zinner.
You’ve collaborated with an American. You’ve played in London. And now you’re in India. How different were the experiences?
Discovering India is amazing, and to get the opportunity to play here, too. What we see here is a very different audience. We toured the UK last July, and the big difference we found was how the shows were timed — before, during and after shows. In Mali, we played four-hour sets, but in Europe we had to cater to the time before and after the show as well. But we’re really looking forward to dealing with the many different cultures and different ways of doing things around the world.
Which is your dream venue?
We can’t really name one place, you know. After India, we go back to Europe for a 20-date tour and play at some big festivals, as also with Julian Casablancas from The Strokes. We hope to get the chance to travel all over the world and play our music to the planet.
Are you looking forward to returning to northern Mali and establishing yourselves as musicians there?
Yes, of course — we haven’t played there since we left.
(Prerna Singh is a freelance writer)
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Maruti recalls 3 796 units of CiazSave this video
Copy URL
Maruti Suzuki India recalled 3,796 units of its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz to replace a part of the clutch. According to Maruti, the recall is being made to inspect a suspected fault and replace the relevant part of clutch operation system of a batch of Ciaz cars.
33

Hawking warns on rise of the machinesHawking warns on rise of the machines
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9943bee8-7a25-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Private Equity Is Top Choice of Young Wall Street BankersYou are here: Home Careers
Private Equity Is Top Choice of Young Wall Street Bankers
William Alden, The New York Times | Updated On: December 04, 2014 12:44 (IST)
IIT-Delhi Students Turn Down $125,000 Offers
The business of private equity has long held an allure for young bankers. But for the first time, there are numbers to suggest that private equity is the single most popular destination for Wall Street's junior workers.
Nearly 36 percent of junior investment bankers who started two-year jobs in 2012 have now joined private equity firms, according to research by Vettery, a startup recruiting firm. That level exceeded the 27.5 percent of junior bankers who stayed in the same group at their bank, Vettery said.
The data provides an unusually detailed look at a recruiting process that is shrouded in secrecy.
Even though Wall Street lost some of its appeal in the financial crisis, many graduates of the nation's top colleges continue to flock to investment banks to work as so-called analysts, typically on two-year contracts. But that is just the beginning of a fiercely competitive recruiting race. Once they are at the banks, many young workers start interviewing for jobs at private equity firms, hedge funds or venture capital firms, which can promise higher pay and more prestige. After that, many go to business school.
The popularity of private equity firms - which use investors' money and plenty of debt to buy entire companies - has fed a tense standoff between these firms and the investment banks.
Private equity firms, seeking the best and brightest of the investment bank analyst class, are recruiting on an increasingly early timeline: This year, the process began in February, only about six months after analysts started their first jobs out of college. The flurry of job offers has led bank executives to complain of conflicts of interest, since private equity firms are often their clients.
For a certain type of high achiever, private equity is "just another step in the process of evolution" of a career, said Marc Wiener, a principal at Mercury Partners, a recruiting firm that places workers in private equity and elsewhere. Compared with working at a startup, he said, "I see it as a safer path, still staying within a corporate setting."
For the analysts who started in 2012, private equity firms were far more popular than hedge funds, which claimed 9.3 percent of the class, and venture capital firms, which hired 2.2 percent of the young bankers, according to Vettery. The data covers about 1,400 analysts, which Vettery says is virtually the entire class.
While many on Wall Street see Silicon Valley as a competitive threat when it comes to hiring, tech startups claimed only 3.9 percent of the 2012 analyst class, according to Vettery. More popular, claiming 5.6 percent of the class, were jobs in corporate finance or business development at companies outside Wall Street.
The banks - which have recently made efforts to retain junior workers, including offering more days off and raising some base salaries - are a popular destination in their own right. In addition to the bankers who stayed in their groups, 10.4 percent of the analysts went to other banks, while 2.8 percent of them went to a new group within their bank, Vettery said.
Reflecting a broader imbalance on Wall Street, most of the analysts going to work for private equity firms and hedge funds were white men, Vettery found.
Vettery, which seeks to use technology to help private equity firms and others hire workers, collected the data from regulatory filings, social media profiles, other websites and its own network of financial workers who have signed up on the site.
The data does not fully capture the number of bankers who will one day leave Wall Street. It misses, for example, the bankers who may choose to spend three years in banking before decamping. One such banker was Philip A. Piro, 26, who worked a year at Citigroup and two years at Deutsche Bank before leaving finance this summer to work full time at Captains Neck & Co., a startup he co-founded that sells healthful sodas.
And some of those who do join private equity firms may later discover that the work does not suit them, Wiener, the recruiter, said.
"You'd like to think these people are still very interested in what they do on a day-by-day basis," Wiener said. "But a big part of it is they're not burned out on finance just yet."
@ 2014 New York Times News Service
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 12:44 (IST)

Delhi Development Authority begins scrutiny of  Housing Scheme 2014  draw resultsBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has started scrutinising applications of the allottees in the recent draw of its much talked-about housing scheme following allegations of discrepancies in the result.
The housing authority, however, said it would not delay the process of final allotment which is slated to start in the second week of this month, when Delhi Development Authority (DDA) will hold a camp for the successful applicants.
After scrutiny, the successful applicants will be finally alloted the flats but in case any discrepancy is found in the application, the flat will go to the wait-listed candidate, its officials said.
The draw of lots for the flagship Housing Scheme 2014, deciding the fate of 10,08,985 applications, the highest in Delhi Development Authority (DDA) history, was held on November 25.
The scheme offered 25,040 flats across categories ranging in price between Rs 7 lakh and Rs 1.2 crore. There are over 1000 applicants in the waiting list.
Among the successful allottees were found three applications having consecutive application numbers, but Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has ruled out any foul play.
As per procedure, application numbers are fed into the computer which a fresh randomised number is allotted to every application.
In this case, consecutive numbers were 1145321, 1145322 and 1145323 whereas the randomised numbers given by computer were 759776, 613457 and 507478 for these applications. It is clear that the randomised numbers are quite far apart and are not consecutive, DDA said in a statement.
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) said that, “On the direction of Vice-Chairman, Delhi Development Authority (DDA), Balvinder Kumar, all original applications of all the applicants have been called from the banks and these will be scrutinised to find out whether there are mistakes in the punching of data or there are inadvertent mistakes done by the applicant himself or herself.”
“The results of the draw are provisional as no documents were asked at the time of submission of application and the claims of applicants for reservation under various categories or otherwise were accepted as such,” it said in a statement.
All applications were included in the draw whether there were multiple submissions from one person or family. The scrutiny of claims and documents will be done for the successful applicants, it said.
On preliminary scrutiny it has been found that in some cases, the successful allottees’ names and father’s names were the same even though there was difference in application numbers, addresses and PAN numbers.
Similarly in many cases, the application numbers are consecutive even though there is difference in addresses and application numbers, it said.
Other discrepancies include the list of war widows, wherein there are certain cases where the gender given is male even though the name is of a female and vice-versa.
Any successful allottee, if otherwise not eligible or is not able to authenticate claims, will not be allotted flat and the allotment will be cancelled in such cases.
Such flats will be allotted to wait-listed applicants.
Delhi Development Authority (DDA) had initially set the tentative date for the draw as November 5, but postponed it to November 17. However, it failed to hold the draw on November 17 after trial runs were unable to wrap up the whole process within two hours.
The housing authority reportedly faced problems in dealing with the large number of application forms, numbering over 10 lakh.
The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), which had conducted the draw for DDA’s last housing scheme in 2010, was again roped in this time for the exercise.
The 2014 housing scheme was launched on September 1. The last date for applying was initially set for October 9 but later extended to October 15.
The draw was held under the supervision of retired Delhi High Court judge Manju Goel, National Informatics Centre DG Mahesh Chandra and IIT-Delhi professor Anshul Kumar.
“Delhi Development Authority (DDA) will be holding a camp at its headquarters after 15 days where the verification of documents of successful applicants will be done.
“General applicants may be handed over the demand-cum- allotment letter thereafter and the reserved category applicants will be handed over the same after authentication of their documents,” Delhi Development Authority (DDA) Vice-Chairman Balvinder Kumar had said on the day of the draw.
TAGS: Delhi Development Authority
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Karisma  Kareena  Gauri party with Karan Joharentertainment
Gauri Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Karisma Kapoor party with Karan Johar
Bollywood beauties Karisma Kapoor, sister Kareena along with Gauri Khan and Malaika Arora Khan partied with their close friend, filmmaker Karan Johar at his residence on Wednesday night, (December 3). Also seen were Anu Dewan and Manish Malhotra.
This image was posted on Twitter by Amrita Arora. (Source: Twitter) (karisma-kareena-main)
Kareena Kapoor was dressed in black with red lips as she made an entrance in her car. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Her sister Karisma picked a monochrome look for the night with neutral makeup. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Malaika Arora Khan pouted her red lips for the camera as she arrived. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sister Amrita Arora took the back seat in a white blouse with a chunky necklace. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Producer Sanjay Kapoor, who will face the cameras in 'Tevar', waves to the photogs as his jewellery designer wife Maheep is seated in the back. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Socialite Natasha Poonawala was all decked up in a gold coloured outfit and red lips. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

NMDC Slashes Iron Ore PricesYou are here: Home Corporates
NMDC Slashes Iron Ore Prices
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 20:32 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: NMDC has reduced price of lumps by Rs 200 a tonne and Rs 100 per tonne for fines for the current month on tumbling global prices and lower demand.
NMDC, India's largest iron ore producer, had reduced the price for lumps by Rs 200 per tonne in November. It, however, did not change the price for fines last month.
Following the reduction, the price of lump ore, which has more iron content and is used mostly by domestic steel makers, now stands at Rs 4,200 per tonne. The prices of fines, having less content of iron or the inferior grade, now comes down to Rs 3,060 per tonne.
The miner reviews the prices of the key steel-making raw material every month going by the global prices and domestic demand, had not tweaked rates during the July-October period.
Global iron ore prices have nosedived to five-year low at around $70 per tonne mainly because of subdued demand from China, the largest producer of steel in the world.
The holding on of the price by NMDC during the four-month period coupled with inadequate availability within the country have forced JSW Steel, a major customer of NMDC, to import the raw material. Essar Steel also buys large quantity of iron ore from NMDC.
The price cut, which might be followed by other miners, would benefit domestic steel firms which are now in a precarious situation now with rising imports from China, Japan and Korea. The price cut could help them to better their margins.
The demand for iron ore has also come down in line with the fall in steel production. NMDC's sales in October actually fell from the previous month even as its sales in first seven months of current fiscal rose to 17.65 million tonnes against 16.03 MT during the corresponding period last year.
Domestic crude steel production also declined by 0.5 per cent in October, 2014 from the immediate past month, mainly by a decline of 0.9 per cent in production by major producers and a 0.1 per cent decline in production by non-major producers.
The price cut might impact NMDC's net sales realisation a little during the current quarter, although it is confident of imporving the bottom-line for the entire fiscal.
NMDC had clocked Rs 6,420 crore net profit in the 2013-14 fiscal. In the first two quarters of the current fiscal, it has reported Rs 3,482 crore. The company also hopes to improve its sales volume to around 32 million tonnes for the current fiscal.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 20:30 (IST)

Obama to nominate next secretary of defense tomorrowBy Missy Ryan December 5 Follow @missy_ryan
President Obama named Ashton Carter as his nominee for secretary of defense during a news conference on Friday, saying that during his time as president, he "relied on [Carter's] expertise and...his judgment." (AP)
President Obama nominated a new defense chief on Friday to replace Chuck Hagel, who is departing the Pentagon as the United States expands its fight against Islamic State militants in the Middle East.
The nominee,  Ashton B. Carter , is a physicist and former academic who previously served as the Pentagon’s second-highest ranking official.
In making the announcement, Obama listed the array of challenges including battling the Islamic State militants, confronting cyber-terrorism and using military resources to help control the spread of Ebola.
Hagel, a former Republican senator from Nebraska, announced that he would depart the Pentagon following weeks of speculation about a rift between the Pentagon leadership and the White House. Hagel, a decorated veteran of the Vietnam war, took over in early 2013 charged with reforming the Pentagon budget and ushering the U.S. military out of a dozen years of war.
But senior officials indicated that Obama wanted a change as the U.S. military broadens its operations in Iraq and Syria against the extremist group that captured a wide swath of territory in both countries.
Senior lawmakers have indicated their support for Carter, 60, who as deputy defense secretary oversaw the massive Pentagon budget and its weapons procurement.
Missy Ryan writes about the Pentagon, military issues, and national security for The Washington Post.

Europe bars imports from antibiotic injectables unit: Ranbaxypharmaceutical
The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at the Ranbaxy’s Dewas plant in Madhya Pradesh in June, and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a stock market filing on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, it said, adding the company had decided to stop producing cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
No impact
“We wish to state that Ranbaxy’s decision to discontinue manufacture of cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business,’’ Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site.
The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated November 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable cephalosporin antibiotics units.

Rain moves in this evening; Fallstreak clouds over D.C.By Angela Fritz December 4 Follow @angelafritz
 
Radar & lightning: Latest regional radar shows movement of precipitation and lightning strikes over past two hours. Refresh page to update. Click here or on image to enlarge. Or see radar bigger on our Weather Wall.
Update at 9:00 p.m.: Some wintry precipitation — mostly in the form of sleet — is falling in the western suburbs as the rain approaches. Snow could mix in at the higher elevations, where a winter weather advisory has been issued for parts of the Blue Ridge.
Farther east in the near western suburbs and the Beltway, mostly rain is expected, though it’s possible that some sleet could mix in. Sleet has been reported as far east as Manassas, Va., as of 9 p.m.
Original post:
Rain is moving into our far western suburbs. So far it’s only been light showers, though models suggest the rain could become heavier in the evening hours over D.C., so grab the umbrella on the way out the door. Friday is expected to be similarly dismal and grey.
Through Tonight: Showers are moving into the region from the west, pushing into the far western suburbs. Rain could begin around the Beltway around 6 or 7 p.m. Rain could be moderately heavy at times. Showers become more scattered through the night, though the chance of rain lingers into Friday morning. Lows in the mid to upper 30s in the city, and the low to mid-30s in the cooler suburbs.
Tomorrow (Friday): The potential for scattered showers continues through Friday morning, though chances of persistent rain increase in the afternoon, particularly in our northern suburbs. Skies are overcast. High temperatures peak in the mid to upper 40s, with light winds out of the east and southeast.
See David Streit’s forecast through the weekend . And if you haven’t already, join us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock.
A glimpse of a sunset on Wednesday. (Momo Couture via Facebook )
Fallstreak clouds spotted over D.C.
Fallstreak clouds were spotted over Washington, D.C., today. At one point it appears that two of these “hole punch clouds” were sitting right next to each other. Thanks to everyone who shared photos with us! More on these stunning clouds that “pack a punch.”

Rural job scheme spend unchanged  govt may tweak structure  coverageBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The NDA government is likely to retain the fund allocation for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), the flagship programme of its predecessor UPA, in the Union Budget 2015-16.
Sources, however, said that the government could still look at tweaking the labour-material ratio under the scheme from the current 60:40 ratio as well as creation of more productive capital assets.
Former rural development minister Nitin Gadkari had been keen to revisit the scheme with plans to restrict it to just 200 of the poorest districts in the country.
Finance ministry sources said there will not be any cut in the social sector budget.
“The UPA has allocated Rs 34,000 crore for the scheme (MGNREGA) and we have not touched it. But the government can decide how it will distributed, it’s the prerogative of the Central government,” said a source in the government.
Launched in 2005 by the UPA government with cross-party support, the scheme aims to guarantee 100 days of wage employment to adult members of every rural household who volunteer to do unskilled work.
There have been also apprehensions raised by the opposition as well as non-governmental organisations that the Narendra Modi-led government may cut sector spending on programmes such as the rural job guarantee scheme.
With the Centre trying to meet its fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2014-15, few economists also have expressed fears that there could be reduction in the social sector spending.
The UPA government, too, had tried to bring down spending on social sector schemes in order to curtail its fiscal deficit.
According to the BJP sources, there was a suggestion that instead of having it in all the districts, the job guarantee scheme could be reduced to certain districts and blocks of the country which are extremely backward.
A BJP leader pointed out that the land holding community, expected to be a key player in the prime minister’s ‘Make in India’ campaign, has been complaining about the MGNREGA scheme.
“There were suggestions that scheme could be implemented in backward districts or 500 blocks,” he added.
A revamp in the scheme was also indicated by finance minister Arun Jaitley in the Union Budget 2014-15 where he had stressed on the government’s intent to continue it.
“Wage employment would be provided under MGNREGA through works that are more productive, asset creating and substantially linked to agriculture and allied activities,” he had said.
Newly appointed minister for rural development, panchayati raj and drinking water and sanitation Chaudhary Birender Singh, too, has maintained that the government will not restrict the job scheme.
TAGS: MGNREGA Union Budget
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Wages come to standstill in rich economiesILO warns on stagnant global wages
Sarah O’Connor — London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e56ca08-7a57-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Market reactions: Infosys analysts meetMarket reactions: Infosys analysts meet
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 01:06 PM IST
Infosys has slipped over 1% in intra-day deals on Friday to Rs 2,077 levels on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), a day after the company held its first analysts meet under the new chief executive officer, Vishal Sikka.
Besides emphasising the need to expand headcount in newer technologies like big data and analytics, cloud and digital, Sikka also highlighted the need to renew the core (traditional services) and innovate in new businesses.
Infosys is aiming to transition large scale of over 165,000 employees to an approach based on design thinking and innovation. This is only possible with a culture of learning that can viably up-skill the capabilities of employees in reasonably quick time, analysts feel. Towards that end, Infosys' ability to train 14,000 employees at one go in the Global Education center at Mysore is a key advantage and it has already trained ~8000+ employees on design thinking.
Here is how top brokerages and research houses across the country interpret the statements:
Motilal Oswal Research
Rating: Buy
Target: Rs 2,500
Without any exceptions, the company is looking at renewing all its existing services - Consulting Services, BPO, IMS, Application Development, Testing, Product Engineering; and even its PPS arms EdgeVerve and Finacle. Apart from this, it seeks to innovate around Design thinking, Innovation services, Infosys Information Platform (IIP) and Start-ups and Partnerships.
On a large scale, the transformation tasks are by no means a quick fix, and will take time to materialise. We expect Infosys to grow its revenues at a CAGR (compounded annual growth rate) of 11.2% over FY14-17E and EPS at a CAGR of 14.2% during this period. We roll over our target to FY17E. Our revised price target of Rs 2,500 discounts FY17E EPS by 18x. Maintain Buy
Kotak Securities
Rating: Accumulate
Target: Rs 2,239
With these new initiatives, Infosys is targeting to achieve growth rates of 18%-20%, with margins of 25% - 28% on a sustainable basis, over the long term. We expect the company to end FY15 with a 7% USD revenue growth in FY15 and 12% in FY16. We assume the exchange rate to be at Rs.59.5 / USD in FY15 and Rs.60.25 / USD in FY16. We expect margins in FY15 and FY16, to be better than FY14.
Salary hikes, investments in new services and increased S&M expenses will likely be more than set off by benefits from utilization increases, higher off-shore content, new services and cost rationalisation initiatives. Our target price stands at Rs 2,239. We recommend buying the stock at declines, post the recent run-up. ACCUMULATE.
Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities
Not Rated
As has been the case in previous such meets, the management did not get into any specific discussion on future financials nor did it come up with any material insights that were not shared with the public before. However, the presentations were slightly more granular than the ‘vision’ enunciated by the new CEO in the September 2014 quarter results conference-call as well as his interactions with investors at various brokerage conferences since then. The specifics have been left for the yearly guidance coming up in April 2015.
The meet helped investors get an insight into the thinking of the new management on how to take the business forward. It gave a qualitative feel about the work being done by the company with clients in different verticals aligned with the new CEO’s strategy of ‘Renew-New’ – ’renew’ing technology investments made by clients in the past and making them relevant to today’s market place and addressing ‘new’ problems of clients. What stood out was the positive body language of the new management versus the cautious optimism of the promoter managers preceding them.
Emkay Global
Rating: Buy
Target: Rs 2,100
Investments in the next generation technologies ( Design Thinking, Artificial intelligence, Automation etc) imperative to position Infosys better for the future as well as to regain lost ground in the traditional business. Infosys continues to stick to the deadline that NRN had set for catch up to industry growth rate which means that Infosys expects to achieve industry level growth by June'16 time frame.
Investment in sales continues while attrition rate to moderate driven by the recent steps; Infosys continues to guide for EBIT margins in the range of 24-26% in the near term. Remain positive on the company however believe that ~25% outperformance V/s TCS since Jun'14 with valuation discounts to TCS at ~13-15% one year forward P/E V/s ~25% earlier should drive a stall in stock outperformance in the near-term
Centrum Broking
Rating: Buy
Target: Rs 2,680
Cohesion within the senior management team was evident during our interaction with them on investor day. Other visible signs were steps towards higher employee engagement and small but significant changes to both internal organisation and sales performance measures. We could also see that Infosys was again focused on creating customer value.
We think margin pressure from new investments will be limited as these are not investments in transition for large deals but investments in internal capabilities. We expect the rerating to continue gradually as Infosys catches up with peers
over FY16 and retain our previous estimates. We maintain Buy rating and increase our target multiple to 18x (expecting Infosys to further narrow the discount to TCS) with a target price of Rs 2,680 based on 18x Dec-16E EPS (Vs 17x Sep-16E EPS earlier). Key risks include near-term margin pressures as a result of investments being more substantial than our estimate and significant rupee appreciation.

Ericsson bags contract to manage RCom s pan-India networkEricsson bags contract to manage RCom's pan-India network
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 13:32 IST
Swedish telecom gear maker Ericsson will manage the pan-India network of telecom operator Reliance Communications under a seven-year business agreement signed between the two companies.
"We are excited to partner with Reliance Communications for this strategic multi-technology managed services deal. We have been managing their networks in North and West and are now pleased to extend this support to all 22 circles," Ericsson Executive Vice President and Head of Business Unit (Global Services) Magnus Mandersson said in a statement.
Under the agreement, Ericsson would take over the responsibility for field maintenance, network operations and operational planning of Reliance Communications' 2G, CDMA and 3G mobile networks.
However, the financial details of the deal were not disclosed in the statement.
"We are happy to announce our partnership with Ericsson to manage our wireline and wireless network on a pan-India basis," Reliance Communications' Head of Commercial Suresh Rangachar said.
The agreement also includes operation and management of Reliance Communications' wireline network by Ericsson.

Short term recovery fuels growth in the India PC Market  says IDCShort term recovery fuels growth in the India PC Market, says IDC
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 05, 2014 12:42 IST
Commercial PC market in Q3 2014 recorded 1.29 million units in Q3 2014; with 4.7% decline quarter-on-quarter.
 
 
The overall India PC shipment for Q3 2014 stood at 2.67 million units with a quarter-on-quarter growth of 5.8% over Q2 2014 and year-on-year drop of 16.9% over Q3 2013.
 
Commercial PC market in Q3 2014 recorded 1.29 million units in Q3 2014; with 4.7% decline quarter-on-quarter. Business confidence post elections have shot up considerably and a slew of policy measures announced by the Government has further provided an impetus to the overall growth in Q3.
 
The Overall consumer PC market recorded 1.37 million units, a quarter-on-quarter growth of 18.1% over Q2 2014. "Uptake of affordable PC segment (sub US$400 portable PCs) along with seasonal demand owing to festive season resulted in a sharp improvement in Q3," comments Manish Yadav, Market Analyst, Client Devices, IDC India.
 
Top 3 PC Vendor Highlights:
 
Source: IDC's Asia Pacific Quarterly PC Tracker, November 2014
HP: HP retained its top spot with a market share of 25.5% in the India PC market. Vendor market share declined by 8.2% quarter-on-quarter over Q2 2014. The drop in share was primarily on account of fewer shipments fulfilled towards the special project i.e. ELCOT in Q3. On the consumer business, HP pre-empted demand & rolled out early campaigns & partner programs which led to their growth. This was further fuelled by their success on entry level segment well supported through Bing SKUs.
 
Dell: Dell maintains the 2nd spot in the India PC market. The vendor did witness strong demand by virtue of its channel expansion & improved partner engagement measures which continues to drive their business in CY 2014. Also, introduction of new products on AMD platform provided further traction to their overall consumer business.
 
Lenovo: Lenovo took the third spot with 16.5% market share in the quarter. They've recorded substantial growth in their consumer notebook business. Enterprise business within commercial segment continues to be their forte and recent changes in the overall demand situation should augur well for them in the subsequent quarters
 
IDC India Forecasts:
 
IDC anticipates a demand fallout in Q4 2014 in the consumer PC business. "Q4 is usually hit by a post festive syndrome and 2014 would be no different. Also, protests by the channel community across various parts of India against predatory pricing by e-tailers is adding to the woes in the PC market. We expect the sequential fallout in the consumer business to be in the range of 15-20%," adds Kiran Kumar, Research Manager, Client Devices, IDC India.
 
On the other hand, commercial business is expected to maintain its momentum over the next few quarters driven by a healthy demand in Government and public education segments in the coming quarters.

Ericsson wins contract to manage RCom s pan-India networkEricsson wins contract to manage RCom's pan-India network
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 01:15 PM IST
Swedish telecom gear maker Ericsson will manage the pan-India network of telecom operator Reliance Communications under a seven-year business agreement signed between the two companies.
"We are excited to partner with Reliance Communications for this strategic multi-technology managed services deal. We have been managing their networks in North and West and are now pleased to extend this support to all 22 circles," Ericsson Executive Vice President and Head of Business Unit (Global Services) Magnus Mandersson said in a statement.
Under the agreement, Ericsson would take over the responsibility for field maintenance, network operations and operational planning of Reliance Communications' 2G, CDMA and 3G mobile networks.
However, the financial details of the deal were not disclosed in the statement.
"We are happy to announce our partnership with Ericsson to manage our wireline and wireless network on a pan-India basis," Reliance Communications' Head of Commercial Suresh Rangachar said.
The agreement also includes operation and management of Reliance Communications' wireline network by Ericsson.

Europe firm ahead of US jobs dataStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blood bank network to be digitised  says gov...Nadda said the government has taken steps for expanding the infrastructure in blood banks across the country for the benefit of common people.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Government will explore the possibility of establishing a mechanism where people can check online the availability of required blood groups in blood banks across the country, Health Minister J P Nadda told Lok Sabha today.
He said during Question Hour that government is taking initiative to digitise the entire blood bank network and improve the system.
"It is a good suggestion. We will consider it," he said, when asked about the possibility of taking action for setting up a system where people can check online the availability of required blood groups in blood banks.
Nadda said the government has taken steps for expanding the infrastructure in blood banks across the country for the benefit of common people.
The Minister said India is one of the 51 countries in the world which was recognised by the World Health Organisation for safe and quality bloods available in its blood banks.
Nadda said following complaints of irregularities, actions have been taken against a number of blood banks in Odisha, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh.
The minister said functioning of blood bank is monitored by respective state governments through office of Drug Controller through annual inspections and surprise visits to take cognisance of fulfilling regulatory requirements.
For general quality improvement and augmentation of facilities in blood banks and encouragement of voluntary donation, a body 'National Blood Transfusion Council' has been formed as per the Supreme Court decision in 1996.
Recently, the Council has constituted a 'National Blood Transfusion Services Core Coordination Committee' chaired by the Director General of Health Services to review functioning of blood banks in the country. This committee is required to meet quarterly to review the state of blood transfusion services in the country.

Northridge project to fetch Rs 350-400cr revenue: BrigadeDec 05, 2014, 06.22 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Northridge project to fetch Rs 350-400cr revenue: Brigade
CMD MR Jaishankar expects 1.5-2 msf of launches in the next 2-3 months.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Northridge project to fetch Rs 350-400cr revenue: Brigade
CMD MR Jaishankar expects 1.5-2 msf of launches in the next 2-3 months.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Brigade Enterprises  has launched a new luxury project in north Bangalore called Brigade Northridge. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, CMD MR Jaishankar said that the company expects revenues from this project to be to the tune of Rs 350-400 crore. Shares of the company hit a fresh 52-week high in trade on Friday after gaining over 170 percent this year.
Below is the verbatim transcript of MR Jaishankar's interview with Sonia Shenoy and Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: Can you start off by highlighting details on this project, what are the average realisations that you will clock in with this luxury project and what kind of revenues or profits are you looking at from this venture?
A: We have recently launched the Brigade NorthRidge at Bangalore north. We will be constructing about 700,000 sq ft and the revenue from this project will be in the order of about Rs 350-400 crore.
Sumaira: What would be the average realisations you think?
A: Average realisation will be in the range of close to Rs 5,000 currently. It is expected to go beyond that.
Sonia: Can you give us a sense of what the project plan looks like in the next six months, what is the rollout both in the Bangalore region as well as any other states for Brigade itself?
A: The rollout in the next three-four months will be in the range of about 1.5 to 2 million sq ft. In Bangalore south and in Bangalore north we will be launching additional projects and in Q1 or Q2 of FY16, we are planning to launch about 2-3 million sq ft of residential in Chennai, which is in approval stage currently. We are hoping that we will get all the approvals by then.
Sumaira: Recently your subsidiary Brigade hospitality would announce that they would be investing about Rs 200 crore in some hotels in Kochi. Can you take us through what is the plan over there, when can these hotels come onstream, what will be the contribution from there?
A: We have recently purchased a plot of land from Kochi Info Park to construct a four star hotel of about 200 rooms. The investment is not Rs 200 crore as I mentioned earlier. So the investment on that project will be somewhere in the range of more than Rs 100 crore. But we will also be starting another hotel in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT), Ahmedabad, which is a three-star hotel. That may also entail an additional investment in about Rs 60-70 crore. These two hotels together will be about Rs 180-200 crore investment that is what I had indicated earlier. By the time these hotels will be completed, it will be FY18.
Sonia: You did mention that on this luxury project that you launched, you are expecting margins or EBITDA of 35 percent, what could the blended margins be for the company in the second half of the year?
A: It is a bit premature to say that now but I think we are growing in this range of about 30 percent EBITDA in whatever we are doing. It maybe difficult for me to forecast now for the second half immediately.
Sonia: The government has recently notified the FDI norms for real estate and construction, so they have relaxed the norms, can you tell us what kind of a benefit will it be for companies like your own, have you seen any kind of foreign interest in projects?
A: This is definitely a welcome move particularly it will help a smaller projects, which hitherto were not able to attract FDI. So far the minimum size of a project that was required was 50,000 sq meters and USD 10 million now that has been reduced to 20,000 sq meters and USD 5 million which is likely to benefit high value projects in the CBD areas particularly in Delhi Mumbai area which even for 20,000 sq meters the investment will be substantial and which was not possible to attract FDI. Projects like that can now attract FDI. In addition to that number of small to medium size projects and by small to medium-size developers will be able to attract FDI. This is certainly welcome. In addition, the service plots are also allowed FDI in the automatic route. This will be definitely beneficial for plotted development, all theseI am sure are government’s policy to encourage housing for all by 2022 which is Prime Minister’s ambition to do that by 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Brigade Ent stock price
On December 10, 2014, Brigade Enterprises closed at Rs 138.85, down Rs 3.65, or 2.56 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 169.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 51.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.26 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 112.92 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.23.
RELATED NEWS

The Nifty call: Go short on drop below 8 580December 5, 2014:  
Nifty December Futures (8,599)
The Nifty futures started the session on a positive note at 8,619 levels and marked an intra-day high at 8,622 levels. But it failed to sustain at higher levels. Witnessing selling pressure and profit-taking, the contract is moving sideways with negative bias. A decisive fall below 8,580 will be the cue for initiating fresh short positions with stop-loss at 8,590 levels. In this scenario, the contract can decline to 8,560 and then to 8,535 levels.
On the other hand, to reinforce the bullish momentum, the contract needs to surpass its immediate resistance at 8,638 levels for a move up to 8,660 levels.
Strategy: Fresh short positions can be initiated on a fall below 8,580 levels with a stop-loss at 8,590 levels.
Supports: 8,580 and 8,535
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Bajaj mulls price hike for Discover  Platina models from JanBajaj mulls price hike for Discover, Platina models from Jan
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 02:00 PM IST
Bajaj Auto is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
"We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far," Bajaj Auto Ltd President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas told PTI.
The company has, however, not yet decided on the quantum of the price hike, he added.
"We have'nt decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead," Vas said.
When asked about the reasons for the proposed hike in prices of the two models, Vas said: "Our vendors have taken a hit because of the minimum wages of workers that have gone up considerably and secondly power cost has also gone up considerably, affecting all of us."
He added that even the company's rivals in the domestic market have gone for price hikes across their product portfolios this year.
The company, which saw its motorcycle sales decline by 6 per cent at 2,61,948 units in November 2014, expects the industry to stay subdued in December as well.
"December is not going to be different from November in terms of sales. We expect December sales to witness a decline as compared to same period of last year," Vas said.
Besides, Platina and Discover, the company also sells models like Pulsar, Avenger and Ninja.

Dabhol will be revived: NTPC chiefDabhol will be revived: NTPC chief
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 01:45 PM IST
Reiterating that revival of the beleaguered Dabhol was on the cards, NTPC today said all possible options are being explored for the same.
"Dabhol will be revived. How can we afford in a country like ours to leave one project to get killed by itself. Many options are being considered and it has to be revived," NTPC Chairman and Managing Director Arup Roy Choudhury told reporters here.
The Dabhol or Ratnagiri Gas and Power Ltd (RGPPL), is currently not generating electricity.
On asked whether the impending gas pooling mechanism could be a solution, Choudhury said, "It might be."
The plant was originally built by US major Enron Corp. It was mothballed after a billing dispute with Maharashtra and Enron's bankruptcy in 2001. RGPPL took over the plant in September 2005.
The company was set up to takeover and revive the assets of Dabhol Power Company Project.
GAIL and NTPC hold 32.9 per cent each in RGPPL while the Maharashtra government has a 17.4 per cent stake. Lenders IDBI Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Canara Bank hold the remaining 16.8 per cent.
The company still awaits greater clarity on the gas price front.
"A lot of clarity is required as far as gas price is concerned, for example at what rate the fixed charges be reimbursed. The problem is electricity that is produced from gas is costlier than electricity produced from coal. As long as that remains the choice, the consumer does not come on gas," he said.
Meanwhile, country's largest power generator NTPC is also executing a 4,000 MW thermal plant in the newly created Telangana.
The company will construct this plant under the Telangana act.
"We are awaiting coal mine reallocation for setting up two 800 MW units at our Ramagundam plant. The other three units will come adjacent to this plant," Choudhury said.

About 700 000 km optical fibre to be laid under NOFN: PrasadAbout 700,000 km optical fibre to be laid under NOFN: Prasad
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 01:15 PM IST
The government will lay about 700,000 kilometres of optical fibre network to connect all village panchayats by high-speed broadband services by 2016, telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said today.
"We are laying down optical fibre in all gram (village) panchayats. PM is very keen on this project. PM has said Ravi ensure that it is done by end of 2016. We have to lay 700,000 kilometre of OFC. We have got about a million kilometer done in last 25 years," Prasad said while speaking at a function organised by Chase India.
Government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayat by end of this financial year, 1 lakh by March 2016 and another 1 lakh by end of 2016.
Prasad said that the country is electronically and telephonically well connected but there is need for digital connectivity so that services are delivered to people on demand besides empowering them.
The Minister said the government wants to create new hubs of Information technology services which at the moment are limited to only few cities.
"I want BPOs (business process outsourcing) to be opened up in small and mofussil towns of country. I have asked my officers to come up with incentive driven scheme so that BPOs can be opened in places like Deoria, Gorakhpur, Balia, Seetamarhi, Samastipur, Trichy in Tamil Nadu and Ahmednagar in Maharashtra," Prasad said.
He said the spread of digital infrastructure will lead to explosion of e-commerce, e-entertainment and host of other services.
"We want a series of dialogues to help create a platform for interaction between Government and Industry. Through Digital India conclave initiative our effort is to create a roadmap for turning the dream of Digital India into reality," Chase India Director Nitin Mantri said.

SpiceJet cuts fleet size to 22 from 35 | Stock dips over 12% | AAI orders cash-and-carrySave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet Ltd cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India had reinstated its credit facility after the airline resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes it money beyond a certain threshold.
SpiceJet stock had tumbled 12.7 percent by 0855 GMT in a flat market, and it has lost a quarter of its value this week.
India's second-biggest budget carrier said last week it was in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital. The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
SpiceJet is losing money in a market where competition with rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain comparatively high, and the majority of India's larger carriers are loss-making.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rafale deal to wrap up in "months": French D..."We are in a positive process, I hope it will come to a successful conclusion. It has progressed well," Le Drian told BFM-TV.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: The deal between France and India to sell 126 Rafale fighter jets to India in a deal worth an estimated $15 billion will need several months more negotiations, French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Friday.
Le Drian's comments came after India's Defence Ministry said this week it had agreed with the French Defence Ministry to fast-track negotiations and seek to overcome differences in talks that have been ongoing since January 2012.
"We are in a positive process, I hope it will come to a successful conclusion. It has progressed well," Le Drian told BFM-TV.
Le Drian said it would not happen before the end of the year, however.
"It's not three weeks ... it's several months, we'll see. But I'm optimistic."
Last month, the CEO of Dassault Aviation told Reuters a contract by the end of March was a "reasonable goal."
France's Dassault has been trying to clinch a deal to sell India its Rafale jets since New Delhi chose the company over other foreign plane manufacturers in 2012.
Disagreements over cost and work-sharing slowed talks, as well as elections in India.
Under the deal, which would provide a major boost to French domestic defence manufacturing, the first 18 planes will be made in France and shipped to India, while the remaining 108 will be produced by state-run Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd.

Expect EBITDA to improve by 18-20% in FY15: Aries Agro01:30 pm
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Rahul Mirchandani, Executive Director at Aries Agro  spoke about the financial performance of the company in the quarter gone by and the road ahead.
Market leader in the speciality plant nutrients segment anticipates its EBITDA to improve by 18-20 percent in the current fiscal, says Mirchandani.
The industry had been slightly stressed out due to delayed monsoon. However, he continues to be optimistic on their business and expects second half of the year to be more promising than the first half, he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: In terms of your bottom line things have been improving from FY12 onwards things are on the mend. You have managed about Rs 16 crore odd this time but how long before you go back to levels at FY11. When do you get to that Rs 20 crore mark and beyond?
A: It is going to take us another two years because we had a pressure on the dollar devaluation initially, subsequently then there were oil pressure as well. Thinks, pressures are easing up we have also consolidated in terms of numbers of brands we have. Two sort of re-ease of inventory load and therefore load on working capital and interest. So, all of these will really come to flourish in may be a year or two.
Our highest earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) was about 21 percent it is now about 18 percent. We do hope to get back to that level may be an about two years from now. So, that is the hope right now.
Q: How does a rupee play out for you all because you all have exports may be around 25-30 percent approximately and you all have some imports, a particular amount of purchases via import? How do you look at the rupee? Do you all have some part of it hedged how does it work?
A: Most of our exports basically happen from our overseas subsidiary so we are earning in dollars and spending in dollars there. However, as far as India is concerned our imports are about 2/3rd of our total imports. So, the imports really affect us in India. So, when the dollar did go up it does affect our bottom lines.
The oil prices also affect us because sulphur is our major input as far as we are concerned and we also have freight across the country we work in 26 states and therefore that is another big component.
So, these are the two major stresses on the bottom line at the moment. However, most of it has been fairly stable right now so going forward I see that we have planned for that very well.
Q: One of the concerns for your company has been your capacity utilisation which is been languishing near those 50 percent odd levels. When can we expect this to be scaled up?
A: Our quantity growth has started growing like this year for instances our growth is going to have just about 5 percent due to price increase and the rest would be due to another capacity utilisation and volumes. So, we do expect that will go up, we have multiple product line. Therefore just because it is 50 percent utilisation a lot of time is spend moving between product to product. So, there is downtime in our production lines. So, another two to three years is when we expect that we would need further capex as far as factories are concerned.
Q: Then at the half year mark you have done roughly around Rs 130 crore for this year itself. So, give us guidance with regard to the end of the year are we looking to better that. Is the second half of the year better? Also with regards to your margins you are stressing that may be you will back up closer towards the 19-20 percent and now you said that even crude prices have dip so will that aid you all in the coming in the second half of the year?
A: The first half everything got delayed because of the delayed monsoons. So, we do have the second half that looks better more promising than the first half. In fact first half was stressed due to delayed monsoon. We do find that the second half therefore in terms of revenue will be a better quarter. We do have a lot of year end expenses that get booked towards the end of the financial year. So, therefore we do expect that about this year between 18-19 percent is the expected EBITDA.
The crude coming down does help but we also have some other metals going up so there is an offset but 18-19 percent is what we firmly believe this year should sort of look at. As far as revenue growth is concerned we have been averaging about 20-25 percent over the last 9 years year-on-year. I don not see ant reason why that should reduce.
Aries Agro stock price
On December 10, 2014, Aries Agro closed at Rs 115.70, down Rs 9.8, or 7.81 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 143.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 40.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.86 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.65. The latest book value of the company is Rs 107.96 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.07.
RELATED NEWS

Govt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL OFS subscribed 62%Govt kicks off disinvestment; SAIL offer over-subscribed
BS Reporters | Mumbai/New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 03:10 PM IST
Kicking off its disinvestment drive on a positive note, the government's share sale offer in steel major SAIL got over-subscribed today by nearly 1.5 times with almost an hour still left for bidding, ensuring at least Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer. 
The offer for over 20 crore shares of SAIL received robust response from retail investors, to whom the government offered 5% price discount and reserved 10% or over 2 crore shares. 
The government is selling 5% stake in SAIL through this one-day offer, which received bids for more than 30 crore shares, worth over Rs 2,500 crore, by 2.45 pm itself. 
The bidding was scheduled to continue till 3.30 pm at the BSE as well as the NSE. 
Incidentally, the BSE website data showed the offer as getting over-subscribed 131% at around 2.25 pm, before revising it downward to 69%. Around 15 minutes later, the data on both BSE and NSE websites showed the offer getting over-subscribed. 
The retail segment was over-subscribed 1.28 times, while non-retail segment was over-subscribed 1.5 times as on 2.45 pm, taking the total subscription level of over 20 crore shares at 1.48 times. 
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 58,000-crore by selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal. It is also first disinvestment during the current fiscal. 
It is probably the first OFS in which the stock exchanges are showing the retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately. 
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75% less than yesterday's closing price. 
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5% stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer, which is expecting a minimum amount of Rs 1,500 crore after taking into account retail discount. 
The government currently holds 80% stake in the company, which will fall to 75% after this offer.
The Centre plans to raise Rs 36,925 crore by selling its stake in 10 public sector undertakings, including behemoths Oil and Natural Gas Corpatiion (ONGC), Coal India and NHPC, and smaller firms like Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) and Container Corporation of India (Concor).
Additionally, it plans to raise about Rs 6,500 crore from part-sale of the stake it holds through Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (Suuti) in Axis Bank, Larsen & Toubro, and ITC; and Rs 15,000 crore from sale of its residual stake in Hindustan Zinc and Bharat Aluminium Company (Balco).
Apart from SAIL, finance ministry officials are confident that Coal India, ONGC, and NHPC will hit the market by the end of January. At current prices, the combined proceeds from these four public sector behemoths will be around Rs 42,911 crore.
So far, however, there is less clarity on stake sales in the smaller companies, some of which might be shelved. The combined proceeds from sale of five% each in Concor, PFC, REC and MOIL could be about Rs 5,210 crore at current rates, while the government expects about Rs 5,500 crore from sale of 10% each in Hindustan Aeronautics and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has set a tight fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of gross domestic product, so every rupee counts.
The tax authorities have to raise Rs 6.54 lakh crore in the second half of 2014-15 — 28% more than what they did in the period from October 2013 to March 2014 — to meet the full-year target of Rs 9.77 lakh-crore. So, it is imperative that the targets from disinvestment, spectrum sales, and special dividends are met.

SAIL stake sale subscribed 1.5 timesUpdate: SAIL share offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1,715 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Steel Authority of India's (SAIL) share sale was subscribed more than two times, fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore and kicking-off the government's ambitious disinvestment drive.
The first disinvestment offering in the ongoing financial year saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the state-run steel major to meet market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) listing norms.
The government has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sales in various PSU firms during the 2014-15 fiscal in a bid to plug the fiscal deficit.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green-shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to data released by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"Retail investors category was... Hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the finance ministry statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year.
The government has lined up a host of state-run firms to pare holdings - including a 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India (CIL) and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which domestic bourses are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 a piece , which is 2.75 per cent less than the scrip's closing price on Thursday.

SpiceJet reduces fleet size to cut costsKalanithi Maran's SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costs
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Kalanithi Maran-owned SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of 2015, as the loss-making private carrier looks to cut costs.
Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said on Friday that the airline needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Kapoor told Reuters in a telephonic interview.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of 2013, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, the COO said.
SpiceJet ,  the country's second-largest budget carrier, had said last week it was  in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital.  The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for  funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
The  budget carrier is losing money in a market where competition with  rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain  comparatively high, and the majority of the country's larger carriers  are making losses.
SpiceJet's scrip ended 13.78 per cent lower at Rs 15.95 a piece in a flat market at the  Bombay Stock Exchange on Friday and it has lost a quarter of its value  this week.
 
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India (AAI) had reinstated its credit facility after the private carrier resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes money beyond a certain threshold.
(Reuters)

Kenya arrests 77 Chinese in Internet hackingcaseBy: Associated Press | Nairobi (kenya) |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:14 pm
Police in Kenya are consulting technical experts to determine if 77 Chinese nationals arrested with advanced communications equipment in several houses in an upscale Nairobi neighborhood were committing espionage, an official on December 4.
The Chinese were arrested since the weekend with equipment that Kenya’s Daily Nation newspaper said was capable of hacking into government servers.
“We have roped in experts to tell us if they were committing crimes of espionage,” said Ndegwa Muhoro, the head of criminal investigations for Kenya’s police. “These people seem to have been brought here specifically for a mission which we are investigating.”
The arrests began on Sunday, when computer equipment in one of the upscale houses the Chinese nationals had rented near the U.S. Embassy and U.N. headquarters caught fire, killing one person.
Police said it appeared the group was manufacturing ATM cards, and that the suspects may have been involved in money laundering and Internet fraud. The case has caught the attention of the highest levels of Kenya’s government as authorities investigate whether the group was also engaging in espionage.
The minister of foreign affairs and the minister of information communications and technology both were on hand Wednesday as police arrested 40 people. The Chinese ambassador was summoned to the foreign affairs ministry over the arrests.
The 37 suspects arrested Sunday were charged with operating an illegal radio station. Many of those arrested cannot speak English and some don’t have identification such as a passport, police detective Nicholas Kisavi said.
A woman at China’s embassy in Kenya told The Associated Press on Thursday to call back on Friday to speak with an embassy spokesman.
Fred Matiang’l, an official in Kenya’s ministry of information, communications and technology, told the Daily Nation that China has promised to send investigators to Kenya to work on the case.

We are not red enough  lets start a pink party: Justice Krishna Iyer thepoliticianWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:12 pm
Justice V R Krishna Iyer, a minister in the first Communist-led government in Kerala in 1957 and the former Supreme Court judge, who passed away on Thursday was one of the few Supreme Court judges who had previously served a political career.
For many in the judiciary, Justice Iyer was the one who inspired a generation of legal professionals in the country and groomed many of them to use the judiciary as a tool to protect the basic rights of a common man.
“He was my mentor,” said Justice H Suresh, former judge of the Mumbai high court, who led a number of commissions that probed human rights violations and riots. “There is no other judge who could replace Justice Iyer in the country. More than three decades after his retirement from the Supreme Court, he is still remembered for his contributions in ensuring equality and justice for the people,” Justice Suresh said.
“It was Justice Iyer who inspired me to take up public issues even after my retirement. His contributions in initiating people’s tribunals during the Mumbai riots and Gujarat riots and on several other issues should be a model for all jurists,” he said.
Retired judge of the Madras high court, Justice K Chandru, recalls Justice Iyer as a mentor through out his career as a lawyer and the judge of Madras HC. “I knew him personally from my student days,” says Justice Chandru.
Justice Chandru, once a student leader in Madras and an active member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), was dismissed from the party in late-1980s. His expulsion was following a public meeting of lawyers he organised in Madras against the party’s stand in Sri Lankan Tamil’s issue.
Justice Iyer, who was upset with the party’s decision, had taken up the matter with the then party general secretary E M S Namboodiripad during a trip to Moscow. He suggested former Kerala Chief Minister E M S Namboodiripad to revoke the expulsion as the party should not lose a young leader like Chandru in Tamil Nadu.
Namboodiripad suggested to file an appeal in party control commission to revoke the expulsion. “Iyer told me about E M S’s suggestion. But I refused to do that as I stood by my opinion,” said Justice Chandru. Justice Iyer’s retort to this refusal: “We are not red enough, lets start a pink party.”

Militants fire at cops residence in Meghalayas East Garo Hills districtheadquartersBy: Press Trust of India | Shillong |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:07 pm
A senior police officer and his family members had a close shave when armed militants attacked his official residence in Meghalaya’s East Garo Hills district headquarters, police said on Friday.
In a daring attack, militants, suspected to belong to the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), went to the official residence of Additional SP R T G Momin, and fired randomly from AK series rifles damaging the outer walls of the residence last night, SP Davis N R Marak said.
The officer was supervising law and order duty in other areas of the town when the attack took place even as his family members had a narrow escape through the back entry of the house, the official said.
“The armed militants had planned to detonate a powerful IED through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in but our personnel spotted the device concealed in a plastic bag outside the compound,” he told PTI.
The incident took place at around 9 PM when crowds were out on the streets of Williamnagar celebrating the last day of the winter festival organized by the district administration, they said.
The SP said the district police had received inputs of possible attacks at the winter festival but in view of the strict security apparatus, the militants carried on the attack somewhere else.
“Security in Williamnagar was beefed up with frisking of vehicles and commuters making it difficult for the militants to target the festival site and this could have provoked the attack at the officer’s house,” the SP said.
More than ten empty shells and three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants fired on the police officer’s quarters.
The militants also left behind a five kg IED bomb near the main gate.
Preliminary investigation by police indicated that three militants had come with an intention to create a major havoc in the town, Marak said.

Xolo uses Twitter to launch Omega phones with Hive  prices start Rs8 999Written by Nandagopal Rajan |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 4:25 pm
It was a product launch with a difference. XOLO, the premium smart devices brand from Lava International, on Friday announced its new Omega smartphone variants through an exclusive twitter launch.
Omega will be available in 2 variants. The first is Omega 5.0 #TouchOmega pic.twitter.com/tOEAljxG7x
— XOLO (@MyXOLO) December 5, 2014
The Omega comes in two variants. Omega 5.0 and Omega 5.5. both have HC IPS screens, 1.4 GHz Octa-Core MTK6592M Processor and powered by XOLO’s proprietary HIVE platform. It comes with Quad-Core 600MHz Mali™ 450 GPU and 1 GB RAM.
Our first impression is that the phone looks a bit like the Moto G and is very comfortable in the hand, thanks to its curved edges.
Omega is the second device to run XOLO’s HIVE OS that offers high degree of customisation for users as well as the opportunity to become part of the development process.
Read more about Hive here
XOLO has also partnered with Vodafone, to offer Omega 5.0 users 500 MB free data and Omega 5.5 users 1 GB of free data, per month for two months. Plus, they also get access to unlimited music content from Vodafone Music for the same period.
Omega 5.0 sports 8 MP rear camera with Sony Exmor R sensor and 2MP front camera. This version has 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal memory, expandable upto 32 GB. Packed with 2,100 mAh battery, it is priced at Rs 8,999.
Omega 5.5 comes with 13 MP rear camera with Sony Exmor RS sensor and a 2 MP front camera. With a 2,600 mAh battery, this one will be available at Rs 9,999.
The Omega 5 will become available from December 10, while the larger version will sell from December 20.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi must clear his stand on Article 370: OmarAbdullahBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:01 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:26 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should clear his stand on the issue of Article 370, a constitutional provision which guarantees special status to the state.
“He (Modi) is coming for elections. We hope the Prime Minister would issue some clarity on the issues on which campaigning is taking place and on which people have questions… As a Kashmiri, I would want to know what the Prime Minister wants to do with Article 370 and what is the agenda of the Centre (on the issue),” Omar told reporters here.
The chief minister was speaking on the sidelines of a prayer meeting at the mausoleum of his grandfather and former CM Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah on his birth anniversary.
Omar said the BJP had contested the Parliament elections promising to abrogate the Article, but had now “kept silent” on the issue as it was seeking votes from the people of Kashmir.
“Article 370 is such an issue on which the BJP has contested elections since the beginning. It has been just seven or eight months, when they sought votes from the people of Jammu and the country saying they would abrogate Article 370 if the people made them successful.
“Immediately after becoming a minister, Jitendra Singh had said they had started discussions on the abrogation of the article. Now that they are seeking votes from the people of Kashmir, they have kept silent on the issue of Article 370,” Omar said.

India records highest deaths among under-fivechildrenBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:48 pm
India reports the highest number of deaths among children below the age of five years, annually due to pneumonia and diarrhoea, according to an international report, the government told Lok Sabha on Friday.
India has 3.18 lakh under-five children deaths annually due to the two diseases and the countries with high burden of such deaths are Nigeria, Pakistan, China, Afghanistan, Sudan and Bangladesh among others, Health Minister J P Nadda said.
The Union government has however not conducted any study in this regard, he said in a written reply to a question.
The Minister said government is carrying out a number of child health interventions for prevention and control of the two diseases.
Among the key measures taken are promotion of early and exclusive breast-feeding, promotion of appropriate infant and young child feeding practices, promoting use of zinc and ORS with IRS packets and zinc tablets being made available free of cost at health facilities, he said.

Midcap index @ life high  HMT up 12% | Defence stocks on a roll  gain 10%NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Midcap index hit an all-time high in today's trade at 10,599.8.
The gains were led by HMT which surged over 15% in intraday trade.
Other gainers in the pack were Pipavav Defence and Offshore Eng Ltd that surged as much as 10 per cent and Redington (India) Ltd, up 12.88 per cent in afternoon deals.
Other top index gainers were Bayer Cropscience (7.15%), Monsanto (7.02%) and Bajaj Corp (5.17%).
Wockhardt Ltd , Redington (India) Ltd, NBCC and Raymond Ltd hit 52-week high in trade today.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

DLF up 6%; realty stocks on high; expensive ones will take longer to deliver: analystsExpensive construction stocks may take longer to deliver
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.05PM IST
The government has now formalised a decision taken by the Cabinet in October to attract foreign capital and give a fillip to the cash-starved industry.
ET SPECIAL:
MUMBAI: Shares of construction companies have been on a tear since the government announced plans to bring the sector back on track.
The stocks rallied today, with DLF surging nearly 6% in intraday trade.
Unitech gained over 3% to Rs 19.05. HDIL was up 2.34% at Rs 81.05. Indiabulls Real Estate was up 1.88% at Rs 78.75.
The government has now formalised a decision taken by the Cabinet in October to attract foreign capital and give a fillip to the cash-starved industry.
As per the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion Press Note, the conditions related to built-up area and minimum capitalisation have been relaxed for projects where overseas investors can put in money.
The new rules also make it easier for foreign investors to exit projects.
According to analysts, a lot depends on the government's actions to boost the sentiment and bring investment in the sector.
"Much of the focus, whether it be on construction, whether it be on infrastructure, has been more on the hope that there will be reforms, which would help in many ways," said TS Anantakrishnan, Managing Director, Religare Portfolio Managers and Advisors to ET Now.
"Our hope and expectation is that within the next two to three quarters, we should start to see the pickup given how the government is looking to implement many of the land and power reforms. So from that perspective, we are bullish, but we have not yet allocated a huge amount of capital," he added.
According to Sanjeev Prasad, Senior Executive Director & Co-Head, Kotak Institutional Equities , better government policies and reforms would eventually result in a better climate.
"As far as money going into industrial, infrastructure, construction, real estate is concerned, there is little interest as of now. A lot of things have to change as far as the investment cycle in India is concerned, and the government is working hard in those areas," said Sanjeev Prasad, Senior Executive Director & Co-Head, Kotak Institutional Equities.
"Investment coming in more from the FDI side is more relevant rather than money just coming from the FII side in the space," Prasad added.
Analysts are cautious after the sharp rally in stocks even as earnings have not shown any improvement and investments are yet to trickle in.
"Quite a lot of that is already in the price as we have seen these stocks have had a phenomenal run over the last few months. One really needs to see translation in terms of earnings growth being seen over the next couple of quarters," said UR Bhat, MD, Dalton Capital Advisors .
He is of the view that investors can book profits in stocks which have started looking expensive in terms of valuations.
"May be it is time for us to do some profit taking because as we have seen, quite a lot of good intentions are not really translated into action as of now and may be at least a quarter or two away. So I do not think there is any great wisdom in holding onto these stocks or for the short term at least because the market itself has run up quite a lot," Bhat told ET Now.
"Legislative action in Parliament does not seem to be going very smoothly. So there might be some scope for some disappointment in the very short run. Therefore, it might be worth booking some profits in these stocks," he added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Nifty Struggles Amid Selling Pressure In IT StocksYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Struggles Amid Selling Pressure In IT Stocks
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)
The BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled to gain traction on Friday with gains in domestic-oriented stocks getting offset with loses in defensives like IT and healthcare stocks.
Domestic-oriented stocks gained on continued hope of rate cuts and structural reforms.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava as long as Nifty holds the 8450-8500 range, it could move up to 8,800 levels. But if it falls below 8368 levels, the selling pressure could accelerate, he added.
At 3:15 pm, the Nifty was down 15 points to 8,549 while Sensex fell 66 points to hover near 28,500 levels. Banking stocks extended their gains to the seventh session today with Bank Nifty rising about 0.30 per cent. Banking stocks have outperformed in the recent rally on hopes of monetary easing from the Reserve Bank of India. PNB, Kotak Mahindra Bank, PNB and Bank of Baroda gained over 1 per cent.
Among other major Nifty gainers M&M, Ambuja Cements, DLF and Sesa Sterlite rose between 2-3 per cent.
Shares in ITC were up 1.5 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 5.5 percent surge on a likely hold on loose cigarette ban.
Among Nifty losers, Infosys, TCS and Tech Mahindra declined over 1 per cent. Some selling pressure was also seen in oil & gas stocks with ONGC and BPCL down over 1 per cent. Traders attributed the selloff in IT stocks to the cross currency impact following the dollar's surge against major global currencies. Besides, seasonally the third quarter is a seasonally weak quarter for Indian outsourcers.
Overseas investors bought shares worth $76.73 million on Thursday, according to NSE data.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)

Maintain overweight stance on Indian market: CLSALike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maintain overweight stance on Indian market: CLSA
Laurence Balanco of CLSA says, "Relative to the regional benchmark India continues to work its way higher following the breakout form the 2010-2013 downtrend channel. Further relative gains are likely in the coming months. An overweight stance is maintained."
Post your opinion here

Suzlon s arm Senvion SE erects 6.2 M152 PrototypeDec 05, 2014, 03.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Suzlon's arm Senvion SE erects 6.2 M152 Prototype
Senvion SE, a wholly owned subsidiary of Suzlon, erected the prototype of the Senvion 6.2M152 with the largest rotor diameter in the product range on December 3, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Suzlon's arm Senvion SE erects 6.2 M152 Prototype
Senvion SE, a wholly owned subsidiary of Suzlon, erected the prototype of the Senvion 6.2M152 with the largest rotor diameter in the product range on December 3, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Suzlon Energy Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated December 05, 2014, titled "Suzlon's arm Senvion SE has erected the 6.2 M152 Prototype: Largest rotor diameter in the Product Range".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Why are central banks worried about falling oil pricesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Iron ore mines closure may compel Tata Steel to rely on importsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IVRCL up 4%  allots 1st tranche of shares to CDR lendersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Euro zone bond yields fall as markets refocus on QE prospectsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ICSA INDIA LTD. On Road to RecoveryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rate cut ya shut. kaya farak parhta hai. rate to usa mein low hi rahen...New Member
1 Followers
dear friends, please guide me in this.If i want to short a stock future lets say at 100 , if order get axecute at 100,for this how i have to place sl or trigger price? It may b silly question for u but ..for me its difficult to andestand. pl a... See more
about 23 sec ago
In reply to : bullguru108 message
4.57 PM Dec 5th

Wow! not 3 months as i judged earlier  it could happen next week 52 we...New Member
3 Followers
Wow! not 3 months as i judged earlier, it could happen next week 52 week low... from them on what could be the target? may be something around 20 to 30? or into the penny stock?
3.27 PM Dec 5th  | Track

I sold 3000 of jc at 93 on nov 19 and bought wockhardt at 778. jc went...New Member
0 Follower
I sold 3000 of JC at 93 on Nov 19 and bought Wockhardt at 778. JC went down to 83 and Wock went up to 1038. Sold at 1031 and profited 90K. Impossible with JC in two weeks in present situation.
3.27 PM Dec 5th  | Track

Sail ofs is also causing market fall   as dii may be selling to raise ...New Member
1 Followers
For ppl who want to buy SBI, Jus buy 20-30% of ur planned amount in SBI for the current rates, anywhere between (300-315) .As the NPA news are still going on its better to be on the safer side. But there is no point investing everything around d same price. Keep patience.
In reply to : Stock Tracker message
6.23 PM Dec 5th

SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costsSpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costs
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Dec 5:  
SpiceJet Ltd cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India had reinstated its credit facility after the airline resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes it money beyond a certain threshold.
SpiceJet stock had tumbled 13.51 per cent by 3.15 p.m. in a flat market, and it has lost a quarter of its value this week.
India's second-biggest budget carrier said last week it was in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital. The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
SpiceJet is losing money in a market where competition with rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain comparatively high, and the majority of India's larger carriers are loss-making.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex down 68 points despite firm European cuesWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Rupee higher  US jobs data eyedRupee higher, US jobs data eyed
Reuters |  Dec 05, 2014 02:48 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 61.8625/8675 versus Thursday's close of 61.9250/9350.
Most Asian currencies are stronger compared to the dollar.
The USD/INR pair is tucked in a narrow band as market awaits US non-farm payrolls data.
The rupee is seen in 61.80 to 62.00 range until close.

Top LeT commander killed in encounter with security forcesTop LeT commander killed in encounter with security forces
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Dec 05, 2014 02:45 PM IST
Top Lashkar-e-Taiba commander was killed in the outskirts of the city by security personnel when he was making attempts to enter into the city.
Giving details of the incident, police said at least two militants travelling in a car tried to run away from a check point at Ahmadnagar in Soura area this afternoon.
The policemen chased the car and in the ensuing gun battle, one militant identified as Qari Israr was gunned down. One AK-47 rifle was recovered from him.
The area has been cordoned off as another militant had taken refuge in a house in the same locality.
Director General of Jammu and Kashmir Police K Rajendra told PTI that it was a 'brilliant operation' by his men as the deceased militant was wanted in many cases.
Israr is a Pakistani national and had been active in this area.
Police had intensified random search of vehicles following intelligence inputs that militants might carry out a suicide attack in the city ahead of the elections and the scheduled rally of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
In another incident in Shopian, militants hurled a grenade at a police ambush party.
The details of the incident were not known yet as security personnel had launched a massive manhunt to nab the militants in Shopian in south Kashmir.
Shopian area has been vulnerable as militants coming from Doda region through Peer Panjal Range have been using this area as a transit spot.

Venezuelan s fears grow amid falling oil pricesVenezuelans’ fears grow amid falling oil prices
Andres Schipani in Caracas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aaa13660-795e-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buy Lupin with target of Rs 1 600:KotakRice cultivation in east India is ‘net carbon sink’
Our checks suggest that at least one generic filer for Suprax suspension is likely to be delayed to H2FY17, belying our conservative Suprax assumptions for FY16/17 and giving Lupin enough time to launch brands in the US through in-licensing or internal development (one pediatric cough and cold product in Phase III). We raise our estimates by 3.5% and 8.5% for FY16 and FY17 and reiterate ‘buy’ with a revised target price of R1,600.
The US FDA’s approval cycle has seen little improvement with the number of ANDA approvals for CY14 likely to be lower than in CY13 and the past three-year average. Given the sharp rise in the ANDA backlog, which exceeded 3,700 in July 2014, the timing of Suprax generic competition is unclear. We believe the cephalosporins market is unlikely to see new competitors and among existing competitors, we believe there are two filers for Suprax powder for suspension formulations though there is only one generic filer for the tablets formulation. Our earlier assumptions factored in sharp erosion for Suprax, and our channel checks suggest that at least one generic filer is likely to see delays beyond H2FY17.
We now estimate aggressive generic erosion for Suprax in FY18, which gives Lupin headroom of another two years. By this time we expect it to receive approval for its pediatric cough and cold product, which is likely to enter Phase-III in coming months.
Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: Lupin
More from markets
Falling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets Apprehensions of a possible repeat of the 1998 Russian financial crisis following a 20% fall in the rouble.

Facebook partners with IT security vendor ESETGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
ESET, a global digital security provider, has joined Facebook’s anti-malware initiative to offer free online scanning to all Facebook users.
ESET’s solution will help users to scan and identify malware that was posted to their Facebook accounts after logging onto an infected computer and safely remove it. ESET Online Scanner for Facebook is going live today and will be available for all Facebook users.
“Our goal is to offer our users the right technology to improve their experience of our services andbetter protect their devices. ESET Online Scanner for Facebook will significantly decrease the number of malicious links from among the trillions of clicks that take place every day on Facebook,” said Chetan Gowdaat of Facebook.
When a Facebook user logs into their account, the social networking site checks for signs of any suspicious behavior- like sending spam messages or infected links to people’s friends. If this kind of activity is detected, Facebook displays a message offering the user a chance to use ESET Online Scanner for Facebook – utilised directly within Facebook without a fee or interruption.
If users download and run the scanner, they can continue to use Facebook and other services on their device without any loss of performance. When the scan is complete, they will receive a notification through Facebook and also be able to review the results of the scan. Cleanup begins after the scan is complete if any malware is discovered. In the end the user is provided with the result and link to www.eset.com.
This service for Facebook is based on free product ESET Online Scanner, which protects millions of users online. Out of more than 44 million of scans, ESET Online Scanner successfully detected malware in almost half of all of instances.
 
TAGS: ESET Facebook
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Google My Business  app launched to help Indian SMBsGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Google today announced the launch of an interface ‘Google My Business’ here to help Indian small and medium businesses (SMBs) succeed online.
Google said the new product, designed to work across both desktop and mobile devices (tablets and smart phones), will help small and medium businesses to create and update their business info on Google Search, Maps and Google+ from one place for free in both Hindi and English.
‘Google My Business’ makes it easier for business to create their online presence even when they don’t have a website and manage it from their smartphones, making it easier for customers to get in touch with local businesses when they search for them online, Google said.
“India is strategic market for Google and we are committed to invest in solutions that cater to the needs of SMBs in India,” Google Head of Small and Medium Business Sales Suryanarayana Kodukulla told reporters here.
He said “Globally over 2 million businesses use Google’s advertising platform to find potential buyers on internet. We have very ambitious plan of bringing down the barriers that inhibits SMBs in India from embracing the internet.”
Stating that Google is also investing in extending deeper support services through a local partner network and local language call centers, he said that “in addition to this to tackle the challenge of lack of awareness around the benefits of internet we are partnering with CII to help create awareness amongst SMBs to accelerate the adoption of internet”.
Speaking about the growth of internet in India, Kodukulla said, “India is now the third largest internet market…to get the first hundred million internet users it took ten years, but the second hundred million came in the span of two years that was pretty fast, more interesting thing is in the next one one-and-half years we will get the next hundred million users.”
Kodukulla said, “This means in the next year we will possibly be the second largest internet market after China, even overtaking the US. That’s really fast…”
Google also announced the shortlisted five finalists of Google SME Heroes-Bangalore that includes Simplilearn CEO Krishna Kumar, Portea Co-founders Ganesh Krishnan and Meena Ganesh, Zoffio Founder Abhishek Kamani, HiFives Founder Sagar Chaudhuri and Savaari Founder Gaurav Agarwal.
This initiative aims to showcase and celebrate local small medium businesses that have embraced the internet to grow their business. As a national campaign five finalists in each major city of India will be shortlisted who will then be invited to the national capital for a mega SMB event where four regional and one national winner will be announced, Google said.
TAGS: Google India
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Angry Birds Maker Rovio to Cut 110 JobsYou are here: Home Corporates
Angry Birds Maker Rovio to Cut 110 Jobs
Reuters | Updated On: December 04, 2014 18:42 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Helsinki: Finnish mobile games maker Rovio, owner of the Angry Birds brand, on Thursday said it would cut about 110 jobs, or 14 percent of its workforce, and shut down a Finnish studio following talks with employees.
Rovio announced a plan to cut up to 130 jobs in October, saying growth had not been as strong as expected.
The company said it will also consolidate its Finnish operations at its headquarters in Espoo.
Rovio has recently expanded the Angry Birds brand into an animated TV series, toys and clothing, while it has struggled to retain mobile players amid competition from new games.
Its operating profit halved last year to 36.5 million euros ($45 million) due to investments and stalling sales.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Fed and ECB differ sharply on the oil shockAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Indian companies face wave of activismIndian companies facing wave of shareholder activism
Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f0aa396-7ba7-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking industry targets growthGuernsey’s banking industry optimistic it can expand and prosper
Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bdc4fe4-73d4-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former Supreme Court judge Krishna Iyer dies at 100Former Supreme Court judge Krishna Iyer dies at 100
By ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Iyer, as vacation judge of SC, upheld the Allahabad High Court verdict which found Indira Gandhi guilty on charge of misuse of govt machinery.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOCHI: Former Supreme Court judge who historically upheld the unseating of Indira Gandhi as prime minister and who was himself a minister in the world's first elected Communist government, Justice VR Krishna Iyer, died here at private hospital on Thursday afternoon. He lived a100 years. Justice Krishna Iyer was admitted to the hospital on November 24, ten days after Kochi celebrated his 100th birthday, due to loss of appetite, indigestion and respiratory tract infection.
The end came at 3.30 pm on Thursday following cardio-renal failure and pneumonia. Vaidyanathapura Rama Krishna Iyer was born at Shekhareepuram at Palakkad district on November 15, 1915. He started his career in law at Thalassery court where his father VV Rama Iyer was practicing.
He entered politics and was elected to the Madras assembly in 1952 and to Kerala assembly in 1957 and 1960. He was minister for law, irrigation, power, prison and social welfare in the EMS Namboodiripad government. He lost the election in 1965 from Thalassery and thereafter concentrated on his law career. He was the Supreme Court judge from 1973 to 1980.
On 24 June, 1975, Iyer, as vacation judge of the Supreme Court, upheld the Allahabad High Court verdict which found Indira Gandhi guilty on charge of misuse of government machinery for her election campaign. He ordered all privileges that Gandhi received as an MP be stopped, and that she be debarred from voting. However, she was allowed to continue as Prime Minister.
The next day, socialist leader Jaiprakash Narayan organised a mammoth rally in Delhi, where he called on police officers to reject orders of government, leading to the imposition of Emergency. Gandhi later won a stay against Iyer's order from a division bench. In later days, Iyer associated himself with varied causes: He spoke in favour of those who supported Leftwing extremism to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
He was also known for claiming that he conversed with the spirit of his dead wife. His changing stance gained him the label of a 'turncoat' but his mind was active and alert and he reacted to every retrograde development in society. His comments on the legal system, constitutional issues, development and governance were valued and given due consideration. Justice Iyer would be remembered for his all round contribution to the society as a minister, writer, jurist and constitutional expert.
Justice K Narayana Kurup of Kerala High Court said that Iyer's contribution was "multi dimensional". He has made immense contribution to social justice, law, human rights , prison reforms, legal aid etc, he said. Kurup said that Iyer made Section 133 of CRPC into a veritable weapon while dealing with the lapses of the administration.
In the famous Ratlam Municipality case, he commented on the lapses of the municipality on cleanliness and public hygiene. He said it was the duty of the municipality to address these public nuisances and thus brought environmental issues to the focus of the judiciary. Advocate Ramkumar, who "appeared along with him, against him and before him" opined that Justice Krishna Iyer was the "face of humanism among judges".
Ramkumar said that Krishna Iyer democratised judicial institutions. "He reminded fellow judges that judiciary should be as much democratic as the other two pillars of the Constitution", Ramkumar said. Iyer took astand against capital punishment through his various judgments. Iyer has penned nearly 70 books and has been honoured with Padmavibushan. He is survived by two sons Ramesh Krishnan and Paramesh Krishnan. His wife Sarada died in 1974.

Maharashtra third BJP state to loosen up land & labour lawsAfter Rajasthan & Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra the third BJP state to loosen up land, labour laws
By AKSHAY DESHMANE , ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.57AM IST
0
Share More
Among the notable changes, factories employing up to 300 workers can be closed without government permission, compared with the earlier floor of 100 employees.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Modi government may not have been able to expedite amendments to the land acquisition or the Industrial Disputes Act, but BJPruled states are pushing ahead on this front. After Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra is moving to amend both laws as part of a drive to woo investments under its 'Make in Maharashtra' campaign, which is a state-level adaptation of the PM's 'Make in India' campaign.
Nearly a fortnight ago, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis held separate meetings with top state officials and prominent industrialists, including Mukesh Ambani and Ajay Piramal, to discuss ways and means of boosting the state's manufacturing sector.
The newly elected state government has subsequently decided to work around the strict provisions of UPA's 2013 land acquisition Act by proposing the Centre to include the state's own MIDC Act in the list of exempted laws under which land can be acquired for specific purposes. In case of MIDC, the acquisition will be for industrial purposes.
At this stage, though, it remains unclear if the exemption can be brought into effect by a government notification or if the proposal would require an amendment to the original Act, which would have to be cleared by Parliament.
Officials who attended the meetings confirmed these plans. "We are not against the formula of compensation to land owners decided by the present Act. But we have prepared our case saying that special Acts supersede the general Act; that is our interpretation. Thus, the special Act — in this case the MIDC Act which came into effect in 1961 for orderly establishment of industrial districts to maintain the state's industrial balance — should prevail," said MIDC CEO Bhushan Gagrani.
Gagrani pointed out that this exemption was necessary because acquisition of land for industrial purposes — even for setting up projects on land already under MIDC's control — has been barred under the new land Act.
Another official who attended the CM's meeting said a comprehensive review of labour legislation is also underway. The change will be along the lines of the amendments to the Industrial Disputes Act effected in Rajasthan.
Among the notable changes, factories employing up to 300 workers can be closed without government permission, compared with the earlier floor of 100 employees.
"The proposal mooted first in 2001 for amending the Industrial Disputes Act has been revived.
In fact, a draft of the amendments had received approval from the government of India in 2001 and this will need clearance by the Cabinet and the assembly. Other law being reviewed is the Mathadi Act," said Industries Secretary Apurva Chandra. He acknowledged that the amendments in Rajasthan and MP are being considered as templates while working on the draft amendments to be presented to the Maharashtra assembly.

Live: PM Modi makes a statement in Lok Sabha over Niranjan Jyoti s remarksmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

http://usat.ly/1AnyhKC10Best: Flights where you should snag a window seat
If your air travel routine is to snag an aisle seat, you may be missing incredible sights.
Post to Facebook
10Best: Flights where you should snag a window seat If your air travel routine is to snag an aisle seat, you may be missing incredible sights. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1rJfE4d
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
10Best: Flights where you should snag a window seat
Larry Bleiberg, Special for USA TODAY 10:25 p.m. EST November 30, 2014
Mount Shasta, a 14,000-foot Northern California volcano, stands out from the landscape for many flights to Portland, Ore., arriving from the south. 
(Photo: Mt. Shasta Chamber of Commerce)
The Gulf of Mexico coast offers a memorable sight for travelers flying west from Florida. 
(Photo: Eric Kline)
Air passengers arriving in Chicago are often treated to sweeping city and lakefront views. 
(Photo: Choose Chicago)
For air travelers approaching Colorado from the east, the Rocky Mountains jump out from the landscape. 
(Photo: Jeff Meeker)
Planes flying into Washington Reagan National Airport often follow the Potomac River, giving passengers a view of landmarks like the White House, Lincoln Memorial, Washington Monument and Capitol. 
(Photo: Jason Hawkes)
Whether your route is north-south or east-west, if the flight's passing over the Grand Canyon, it's worth getting a window seat. 
(Photo: nps.gov/grca)
Flights from Minneapolis to Salt Lake City sometimes use a flyway passing near Mount Rushmore, the famed mountain sculpture. 
(Photo: nps.gov/moru)
San Francisco fliers often get incredible views of the city and bay. 
(Photo: San Francisco Travel Association)
After flying 2,000 miles across the Pacific, passengers on the way to the Big Island and Oahu can often glimpse the towering Mauna Kea volcano. 
(Photo: Hawaii Tourism Authority)
The New York skyline welcomes fliers into the city. 
(Photo: Tom Perry, NYC & Company)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Air passengers arriving in Chicago are often treated to sweeping city and lakefront views.
(Photo: Choose Chicago)
213 CONNECT 145 TWEET 38 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
If your air travel routine is to snag an aisle seat, you may be missing incredible sights, says William Brinn, a former FAA trainer and author of No Good Deed Goes Unpunished?, a romance novel. During his years of flying, training and travel, he has seen memorable views from above. "I love looking out the window: mountain ranges, beautiful sunny days, it's more interesting than what's going on in the plane. Little kids get it more than adults do." He shares some favorite aerial views with Larry Bleiberg for USA TODAY, although routes can change due to weather or air traffic.
Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa volcanoes, Hawaii
After flying 2,000 miles across the Pacific, passengers on the way to the Big Island and Oahu can often glimpse these towering 13,000-foot volcanoes appearing on the horizon. "You can actually see you're arriving," Brinn says. "They get bigger and bigger and it's beautiful." 800-464-2924; gohawaii.com
Chicago lakefront
Brinn learned to fly in Chicago, and has long loved the sweeping city views. Planned changes for runways at Chicago's O'Hare airport will route more planes over Lake Michigan, affording stunning vistas of water and city. "Depending which way the winds are blowing, a lot of people are going to be seeing downtown Chicago, the shoreline and the parks along the lake," he says. "It's a beautiful skyline." choosechicago.com
Grand Canyon, Ariz. and Utah
Whether your route is north-south or east-west, if the flight's passing over the famed national park, it's worth getting a window seat, Brinn says. Commercial pilots can even request a canyon tour from Air Traffic Control, which permits flying at lower altitude, Brinn says. "Pilots can be accommodating if they want to give their passengers the experience. It's so colorful, and it's gigantic. You can a real feel for the size of it from high up." 928-638-7888; nps.gov/grca
Washington, D.C., monuments
Planes flying into Reagan National Airport often follow the Potomac River, giving passengers an aerial civics lesson. "You can see the White House, the Mall with the Lincoln Memorial, Washington Monument, and Capitol all in a line," Brinn says. "And you're flying low because you're landing in the next minute or two. It's a beautiful sight." 202-789-7000; washington.org
Rocky Mountains, Colo.
If your flight is passing over Colorado from the east, make sure to look out the window, says Brinn, who once made the trip in the middle of a thunderstorm. "With lightning down below and the sun beginning to descend on the Rockies, it looked like an illustration from of a J.R.R. Tolkien book," he says. "If you've been flying over the Great Plains, what's coming up is spectacular." colorado.com
San Francisco Bay
With its location on the western side of the bay, San Francisco International Airport offers great views for nearly all passengers. Brinn particularly likes the arriving view at sunset, but says it's noteworthy any time. "The airport's right there on the water. On a good day the bay is beautiful, blue water with mountains all around it." sanfrancisco.travel
New York skyline
Planes flying in and out of New York's La Guardia's airport are sometimes routed up the center of the Hudson River, offering a beautiful view of the city's skyline and beyond. "Manhattan isn't a big island and you can see the whole thing. You can see the Verrazano Narrows Bridge and the Statue of Liberty," Brinn says. gonyc.com
Gulf of Mexico coast, Fla.
Flying west from Orlando or other Florida cities at sunset can offer a stunning view, Brinn says. "When you're going westbound at 500 mph, the sun just lingers because it doesn't go down as quickly. You can see the Gulf Coast as it winds its way from the southwest." 888-735-2872; visitflorida.com
Mount Shasta, Calif.
This 14,000-foot Northern California volcano stands out from the landscape for many flights to Portland, Ore., arriving from the south. "It kind of looks like Mount Fuji -- a pretty, majestic, almost symmetrical mountain, rising above everything else," Brinn says. "Even in the summer, it has a little bit of snow on top." visitcalifornia.com
Mount Rushmore, S.D.
Flights from Minneapolis to Salt Lake City sometimes use a flyway passing near the famed mountain sculpture, Brinn says. "If you know it's coming, you can stretch your neck and probably get to see it. Even from 35,000 feet, it's still impressive—four presidents chiseled into rock." 605-574-2523; nps.gov/moru
213 CONNECT 145 TWEET 38 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rJfE4d
Ready for your dream vacation?
Save time. Get connected for FREE to travel specialists. The journey starts right here at tripology.com
To begin, I'm interested in:
(Check all that apply)

Govt must mull over 74% FDI in defence: KPMG08:00 am
As a boost to defence companies, the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) on Thursday granted industrial licence proposals to several companies, which were stuck since 2012.
Amber Dubey, Patrner and Head- Aerospace & Defence at KPMG believes the government should consider 74 percent foreign direct investment (FDI) in defence, as the sector will not see much technology transfer at 49 percent composite cap.
The approval process for defence orders needs to be shortened, as work on defence orders will take at least 3-5 years to kick-start, he says in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: When a FDI liberalisation comes in, which are the sectors that benefit? We just go to the favorites like a Pipavav Defence but exactly how does it play out forging companies? Which kinds of capital goods should we be concentrating on?
A: It will be a host of sectors but there is metal working, ceramics; it could be super alloys, plastics, rubbers and things go on and on. A whole host of companies which are involved in casting, forging, machining, heat treatment and non-metallic metals assembly all these industries will get a fillip.
Q: When you say “Make in India” as far as say whole host of guns and artillery are concerned which kind of companies benefit? We understand Bharat Forge is getting big into this.
A: Most leading companies that are involved in metal working whether it is casting, forging, machining, super finishing and heat treatment all those will benefit from it.
Q: You will have to mention some names because these are very engineering terms.
A: Unfortunately, I can not take names.
Q: We ever speaking with Bharat Forge about this a couple of weeks ago and he mentioned that although the ministry of defense has cleared a whole host of projects or rather big amount for projects it will take at least four to five years or may be even more for this projects to come on stream and for them to be get reflected into the books of many of these companies. How long do you think it could take before it starts to reflect?
A: Mr. Kalyani is bang on because only the proposals have been cleared which means now these will go into the request for proposals (RFP) process, the field testing and then the nego contract, negotiation finally the contract will get inked and then the production will actually start. So, I guess three to five years is a reasonable guess. We have been advising the ministry defense to relook at their defense procedures and cut the short there is no need for such a long gestation period.
The numbers of approvals have to be reduced and greater empowerments have to be given and these whole processes have to be speeded up. If you delay too much these cost also in built in the EBIT price which ultimately the Indian tax payers like even I pay for. So, I guess there is a big case for a whole host of reforms in the procurement procedure.
Q: Typically how much time does it take from a decision to say for instances make something in India and the order actually to come in for the companies that apply?
A: It could be anywhere from three to five years.
Q: Earlier the issue was that the private sector was left behind in this order winning and it was always a lobby for many of the PSU companies to get these orders eventually. Do you think that issue has been resolved and do you see a lot more private sector companies getting orders now?
A: For the last 67 years, we have seen the monopoly of the PSUs research and design and Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) as well. This is now been broken. We have now realised that 67 years later nearly 70 percent of our defence procurement is comprised of imports and the balance 30 percent also involves components and sub-components which are imported. So affectively we are heavily import dependent which is very different from the situations we have in other hi-tech fields like nuclear and space and one of the key reasons has been continuous sidelining of the private sector which with the new government we are seeing change, there is a greater involvement of private sector and that is true.
Q: But even here, the liberalisation for foreign investment is guarded. The idea behind them is that you get the foreign investment as a junior partner or as a smaller partner and then you learn to indigenise by buying the technology or learning the technology. Does it work that way? Is there a case in some sectors or in all areas of defence to allow more FDI?
A: We have been shouting from the rooftop. It’s a myth that we will have transfer of technology; we are not talking about refrigerator or washing machines here. We are talking about weapons of destruction. These are sensitive technologies, so even if a private company comes in here for the lure of lucre, it is the government, which will step in and they have a very strong export controls and transfer of technology controls which will prevent them from doing so. This whole 49 percent came as a bit of a disappointment on the June 10 Budget, six months almost passed and not a dollar has come in. therefore, I guess it is time for rethink and 74 percent FDI would be a good step forward.
Q: What is the private sector making for defence, everything from Tata Motors to forgings. What is the size of that industry now and what do you see it as the size at the end of the first NDA term, five years down?
A: These are very order specific and these are very lumpy in nature, so it will be very difficult to give a specific number.
Q: Any estimation, how much can it go up to?
A: If you take a budget above USD 40 billion, about 40 percent of that maybe about USD 16 billion is the procurement out of which the imports are about USD 10 billion of which 20-30 percent might come to Indian companies. Therefore, we are looking about USD 2-3 billion but this can multiple several times over if you just turn this FDI lock over and state government, many of them we are involved with, if they create the right environment, land and uninterrupted power and the other tax cuts, we could see this multiple three-four fold. So maybe five-six years down the line we could see even USD 7-8 billion per annum going to Indian companies.
RELATED NEWS

Amazon Elements: Amazon launches its own brand of diapers; takes on Huggies  Pampers48
1
Washington: Online retailing giant Amazon launched its own brand of diapers on Thursday, opening a new front in retail battles with a direct challenge to name-brand vendors already selling on its website.
Amazon said the first offerings in its new Amazon Elements line of consumer products would be diapers and baby wipes, and that other competitively priced, "premium" everyday consumer products would soon follow.
But the Elements line is only available to members of Amazon's Prime $99-a-year subscription club, with the lowest prices available for those who are also members of its Amazon Mom group, as the company seeks to push more shoppers into its membership programs.
This opens a new front in retail battles with a direct challenge to name-brand vendors already selling on Amazon's website.
#amazon #dispaers #online shopping #ecommerce
Amazon highlighted that the Elements line would provide quality-conscious shoppers "an unprecedented level of information" on product origins and materials.
"The two things customers told us they want are premium products that meet their high standards, and access to information so they can make informed decisions," said Sunny Jain, Amazon.com Consumables Vice President, in a statement.
The initial prices, including discounts to Prime members and the Amazon Mom club, put a size 4 diaper 10 per cent more expensive than the popular Huggies brand.
But it was about 27 per cent cheaper than the premium Seventh Generation brand, popular with health and environmentally-conscious consumers, in the Prime and Amazon Mom pricing.
Amazon has been seeking to push shoppers into Prime, originally a subscription service for free shipping aimed at frequent buyers on its website.
A Prime subscription now gives members unlimited video and music streaming as Amazon takes on powerful media groups like Netflix and Spotify.
In some areas, Prime is now offering same day delivery on groceries as well.
10

Amazon s new robot army is ready to shipAmazon's new robot army is ready to ship
Brandon Bailey     Tracy, California    Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 12:58 IST
Kiva robots move inventory at an Amazon fulfilment center in Tracy, California December 1, 2014. Photo: Reuters
A year ago, Amazon.com workers like 34-year-old Rejinaldo Rosales hiked miles of aisles each shift to "pick" each item a customer ordered and prepare it for shipping.
Now the e-commerce giant boasts that it has boosted efficiency - and given workers' legs a break - by deploying more than 15,000 wheeled robots to crisscross the floors of its biggest warehouses and deliver stacks of toys, books and other products to employees.
"We pick two to three times faster than we used to," Rosales said during a short break from sorting merchandise into bins at Amazon's massive distribution center in Tracy, California, about 60 miles east of San Francisco. "It's made the job a lot easier."
Amazon.com Inc has invested heavily this year in upgrading and expanding its distribution network, adding new technology, opening more shipping centers and hiring 80,000 seasonal workers to meet the coming onslaught of holiday orders.
Amazon says it processed orders for 36.8 million items on the Monday after Thanksgiving last year, and it's expecting "Cyber Monday" to be even busier this year.
CEO Jeff Bezos vows to one day deliver packages by drone, but that technology isn't ready yet.
Even so, Amazon doesn't want a repeat of last year, when some customers were disappointed by late deliveries attributed to Midwestern ice storms and last-minute shipping snarls at both UPS and FedEx.
Meanwhile, the company is facing tough competition from rivals like Google and eBay, and traditional retailers are offering more online services.
Amazon has forecast revenue of $27.3 billion to $30.3 billion for the holiday quarter, up 18 percent from last year but less than Wall Street had expected. However, Amazon has invested billions of dollars in its shipping network and its reliability is a big selling point to customers, Piper Jaffray investment analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note to clients Friday. He thinks Amazon's forecast is conservative.
The Seattle-based company now has 109 shipping centers around the globe. The Tracy facility is one of 10 in which Amazon has deployed the robots, using technology acquired when the company bought robot-maker Kiva Systems Inc. in 2012, said Dave Clark, Amazon's senior vice president for operations, who gave reporters a tour on Sunday.
More than 1,500 full-time employees work at the Tracy center, which has 1.2 million square feet of space - the equivalent of 28 football fields. They are joined by about 3,000 robots, gliding swiftly and quietly around the warehouse. The robots navigate by scanning coded stickers on the floor, following digital commands that are beamed wirelessly from a central computer.
Each of the squat orange machines can slide under and then lift a stack of shelves that's four feet wide and holds up to 750 pounds of merchandise. The system uses bar codes to track which items are on each shelf, so a robot can fetch the right shelves for each worker as orders come in.
Because the robots travel underneath, the shelves can be stacked closely together, which means the warehouse can hold more goods, Clark said. The Tracy center now holds about 20 million items, representing 3.5 million different products, from bottles of gourmet steak sauce to high-end audio headsets, books and video games. Clark said it can ship 700,000 items in a day, but will hold more and ship more by next year.
The robots will cut the Tracy center's operating costs by 20 percent, Clark said. But he was quick to assert they won't eliminate jobs.
"We're continuing to grow. Growth has always driven hiring," Clark said. The company has, in fact, increased its workforce by more than a third over the last year to 149,500 full-time employees. Clark said workers are needed for more complex tasks such as shelving, packing and checking for damaged items.
However, a 10,000-strong fleet of robots could help Amazon save $450 million to $900 million a year in labor expenses, Shawn Milne of Janney Capital Markets estimated in a report last summer.
By allowing Amazon to store and ship more goods from each shipping center, the robots will likely reduce the number of new centers that Amazon will have to build and staff as it grows, Michael Pachter of Wedbush Securities said on Monday.
He compared it to automakers' use of robots on their assembly lines, which has reduced the number of worker hours required to build a car.
The new robotic system takes the complexity of different tasks into account, rather than forcing employees to work at an inhuman pace, Clark added.
Rosales agrees. Though he works rapidly, he said the robots "actually adjust to your speed. If you're picking slower, they slow down."
(AP)

Take 50 000 and abort pregnancy  Bihar panchayat tells raped minorComments
The 16-year-old wants justice; they are offering her money - Rs. 50,000 to abort a pregnancy allegedly caused by rape and move on with life.
This is a diktat a panchayat in Kishanganj district of eastern Bihar has passed after hearing the seven-month pregnant minor who wants her rapist to be ordered to marry her.
In her complaint to the police earlier this week, the girl alleged a man, assisted by three of his brothers, had raped her.
"When I approached the elders of my village, they held a panchayat and ordered me to take Rs. 50,000 and undergo an abortion," the girl said in her complaint.
The panchayat decision is not the first to raise eyebrows in the poor state, which has been demanding "special category" status from the central government for years.
Kishanganj, where Muslims constitute about 70% of the population, is among the most backward districts of Bihar, with a high poverty rate and a low literacy level.
The Kishanganj panchayat diktat comes barely two months after a similar decision was taken by an assembly of elders at a village in Muzaffarpur district in north Bihar.
The Muzaffarpur panchayat had advised a 14-year-old rape victim to accept Rs. 2 lakh from the alleged rapist and abort her pregnancy.
The women's police station in-charge who received the Kishanganj girl's complaint said, "We are probing the matter to ascertain the authenticity of the complaint."
According to the police official, the minor is from an extremely poor family. Her parents are labourers: the father often migrates in search of work and mother works in the agricultural fields for daily wages.
A section of villagers in the Kishanganj village did not sound sympathetic towards the minor.
"We often have girls falling in love, becoming pregnant and then running from pillar to post to seek justice," said a villager who did not want to be named.
Two years ago, another panchayat in Kishanganj district had banned girls and women from using mobile phones in a response to cases of elopement.
The panchayat members had then insisted the ban was a well-intentioned step to preserve moral values.

India iron ore imports hit record 6.8 mt as prices fallDec 05, 2014, 12.38 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India iron ore imports hit record 6.8 mt as prices fall
Formerly the world's No. 3 supplier of iron ore, India has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India iron ore imports hit record 6.8 mt as prices fall
Formerly the world's No. 3 supplier of iron ore, India has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
Post your opinion here
 
India's iron ore imports rose to a record 6.76 million tonnes in the first seven months of its fiscal year as sliding global prices and limited supply at home pushed steel producers to buy the raw material overseas, industry data showed on Friday.
Formerly the world's No. 3 supplier of iron ore, India has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
The shortage deepened this year as some mines in Odisha and Jharkhand were ordered closed after the expiry of licences.
But analysts say India is unlikely to absorb a big chunk of the global surplus that has halved iron ore prices this year.
Global seaborne iron ore supply will grow by around 330 million tonnes over the next three years, far outpacing demand that will rise by just 194 million tonnes in the same period, Morgan Stanley said in October.
JSW Steel , India's third largest steel producer, imported 4.6 million tonnes of iron ore in April-November, followed by  Tata Steel with nearly 1 million tonnes, according to data from industry consultancy SteelMint, which tracked shipments at 12 ports.
"Looking at the current scenario, it does not look like mining will resume soon in Odisha and Jharkhand. Imports are expected to hit 11-12 million tonnes this financial year," said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at SteelMint.
JSW said in September it was planning to import 10 million tonnes or more this fiscal year if the domestic shortage continued and prices stayed low.
The company this week put on hold plans to build a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing iron ore and coal.
South Africa was the top source of iron ore imports, accounting for 40 percent of the April-November volume, with Australia supplying 15 percent of the total.
Official Indian government data only covers April-August, with imports totalling 2 million tonnes.
Increased output of iron ore from top producers Australia and Brazil has helped widen a global glut at a time of slower economic growth in China which buys around two-thirds of seaborne supply.
Iron ore has fallen 47 percent this year, touching USD 68 a tonne last week, its weakest since June 2009.
RELATED NEWS

One terrorist killed in Baramulla attack  confirms armyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Rape row: Minister says cops can t be everywhereLetters to the editor
Asking parents to draw lessons from the rape and murder of a minor in Haldwani, a senior Uttarakhand minister appealed to them to keep an eye on their minor children if they take them to wedding ceremonies.
“The police cannot be everywhere all the time to provide security to your children. The marriage season is on these days and wedding parties usually go on till late in the night.
“You must keep an eye on your children if you take them to such ceremonies,” state Finance Minister Indira Hridayesh said in a statement.
The body of a seven-year-old girl, who had gone missing from a marriage ceremony in Haldwani town of Nainital district, was recovered from a forest on the outskirts of the town six days later triggering a wave of protests in different parts of Uttarakhand.
Hridyesh, who represents Haldwani in the state assembly, also asked people not to stay on at such parties with children for too long.
She also asked police chiefs and district magistrates to step up security around marriage venues with installation of CCTV cameras to track suspicious movements and activities.
Assuring people that justice will be done in Haldwani rape and murder case, she said the culprits have been put behind the bars and will be tried in a fast-track court.
TAGS: Rape Uttarakhand
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Modi raises minister Jyoti s  rural  background  asks Parliament to forgive herComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

Apollo Tyres launches largest loader tyreHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Apollo Tyres launches largest loader tyre
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 5:  
Apollo Tyres has launched the largest loader tyre, AWL 822. The launch was done at the 12th International Mining and Machinery Exhibition (IMME) 2014 in Kolkata.
The AWL 822 is used for loaders and dozers in high abrasive conditions. It is manufactured using 1,300 kg of rubber, 700 kg carbon black & silica, 200 kg nylon fabric and 300 kg of other rubber chemicals.
According to a release by Apollo Tyres, ALT 188 TX, the industry’s first traction tread design was also introduced at the exhibition.
Both AWL 822 and ALT 188 TX are being cured at Apollo's Limda plant in Gujarat.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Mercedes-Benz to launch pre-owned car brand ...Tweet
Mercedes-Benz said it sees "phenomenal" growth in India's pre-owned car segment, describing it as "next growth story" in luxury car business.
CHANDIGARH: Finding immense potential in the pre-owned car segment, German luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz today said it will announce the launch of a separate brand for pre-owned cars this month.
Noting that customers here are now "increasingly" demanding quality products in pre-owned car segment, the luxury car maker says it sees "phenomenal" growth in country's pre-owned car segment, describing it as "next growth story" in luxury car business.
"...the growth rate in pre-owned car (in India) is phenomenal. We (Mercedes-Benz) have seen 45 per cent growth in pre-owned car business this year," Mercedes-Benz India, MD & CEO Eberhard Kern said here today.
Stating that pre-owned car segment was getting organised in India, he said the company would announce launch of pre-owned car brand in two weeks time.
"In two weeks time, Mercedes-Benz India is going to launch a new pre-owned car brand....we will take the next big step in pre-owned car business," he said.
Comparing the pre-owned car segment with global markets, he said that the "trading ratio" of pre-owned segment in India stands between 10 to 20 per cent which is "quite a low figure".
"10-20 percent of trading ratio in India is a low figure if you compare globally. For example in Europe, it is one to one," he said adding that now it was "growing very fast" in India.
"It (Pre-owned car segment) is the next growth story in India's luxury car segment," he observed adding, "Customers here are now demanding quality products in pre-owned (segment)."
Kern said the company would be doing pre-owned car business with existing dealers and that it will offer very effective trading price to customers.
The luxury car maker said the company would be looking at both metro and non-metro cities for the sale of premium segment cars with a focus on increasing product portfolios and bringing latest technology to India.
"Besides metros, our focus will also be on tier II and tier-III cities as these are also getting more important," he said.
Mercedes-Benz is getting 55 per cent of total volume from non-metro cities while rest from metros including Mumbai, and Delhi.
The company's three-fourth business come from leasing and financing while one-fourth comes from cash, he said.
Stating that the company "believes in future of Indian market", he said the company would clock more than 10,000 units this year, which will be the first time ever.
During first nine months, Mercedes-Benz sold 7,529 units, 16 per cent up from sale of corresponding period while in Punjab it registered 23 per cent growth in volume.
E-Class is the best selling model for Mercedes Benz in India, said Kern adding that M-class (SUV) has also posted 100 per cent growth.
Talking about new trends in luxury car segment, he said "connected" cars and "autonomous driving" would be one of the biggest trends.
Mercedes-Benz has 68 dealerships in 37 cities at present.
"This year we have opened 13 outlets and 14th one will be opened in Madurai soon," he said.

MM  Sesa Sterlite top gainers; Sensex  Nifty rangeboundDec 05, 2014, 03.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex ends 105 pts down; SAIL slips 2%, ITC gains 2%
IT, oil and pharma stocks dragged the indices with major losers like Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, Sun Pharma, Wipro and Cipla. SAIL closed with 2.4 percent loss. M&M, ITC, Sesa Sterlite, HDFC and Coal India were top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex ends 105 pts down; SAIL slips 2%, ITC gains 2%
IT, oil and pharma stocks dragged the indices with major losers like Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, Sun Pharma, Wipro and Cipla. SAIL closed with 2.4 percent loss. M&M, ITC, Sesa Sterlite, HDFC and Coal India were top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
After a day of consolidation, the market ended in red. The Sensex closed down 104.72 points at 28458.10 and the Nifty slipped 26.10 points at 8538.30. About 1364 shares have advanced, 1603 shares declined, and 92 shares are unchanged.
IT, oil and pharma stocks dragged the indices with major losers like Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, Sun Pharma, Wipro and Cipla. SAIL closed with 2.4 percent loss. M&M, ITC, Sesa Sterlite, HDFC and Coal India were top gainers in the Sensex.
03:10 pm Revival of Dabhol
Reiterating that revival of the beleaguered Dabhol was on the cards, NTPC today said all possible options are being explored for the same.
"Dabhol will be revived. How can we afford in a country like ours to leave one project to get killed by itself. Many options are being considered and it has to be revived," NTPC Chairman and Managing Director Arup Roy Choudhury told reporters.
The Dabhol or Ratnagiri Gas and Power Ltd (RGPPL), is currently not generating electricity.
02:55pm HCC in News
Hindustan Construction Company climbed more than 6 percent on selling annuity road project in Andhra Pradesh by its subsidiary HCC Concessions.
HCC Concessions (the infrastructure development arm of the HCC Group), today announced the sale of Nirmal BOT to Highway Concession One Private Limited, an entity majorly held by IDFC Alternatives managed India Infrastructure Fund, said the company in its filing.
HCC Concessions will receive total consideration of Rs 64 crore for the transaction, it added.
Highway Concessions One will acquire 74 percent equity stake upfront, while the balance 26 percent equity stake will be acquired upon receipt of an approval from NHAI. Additionally, Nirmal has also received an arbitration award in its favour for Rs 16.67 crore, which will be payable to HCC, upon receipt.
Nirmal was the first NHAI BOT project of the HCC Group and was completed in July 2009. The project, awarded by NHAI for a concession period of 20 years, has been operational for 5 years now. The project was developed with a total capital cost of Rs 315 crore.
02:30pm SAIL OFS
State-run SAIL's offer for sale issue fully subscribed today. The issue received bids for 27.09 crore shares, which was 1.3 times over the total issue size of 20.6 crore shares.
Indicative price came in at Rs 83.49 a share as against floor price of Rs 83 apiece decided by the company yesterday.
The government will divest its 5 percent stake in SAIL. It means the shareholding of the government will be reduced to 75 percent from current 80 percent. Through this, the government hopes to rake in Rs 1500-1700 crore.
Retail investors will get shares at a discount of 5 percent.
The stock fell nearly 2 percent to Rs 83.85 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained flat as the 50-share NSE Nifty hovered around the 8550 mark while midcaps exhibited mild outperformance. Meanwhile for the week the benchmark indices are likely to be flat and the NSE Midcap Index is headed to close with 3 percent gains.
The Sensex declined 4.33 points to 28558.49 and the Nifty rose 1.10 points to 8565.50. About 1498 shares have advanced, 1292 shares declined, and 107 shares are unchanged.
Nirmal Jain of IIFL told CNBC-TV18 that the Budget is expected to be a good one and the underlying trend for this market is strong. He does not expect to see any correction atleast until the Budget in February.
Sesa Sterlite topped the buying list in the Sensex, up 2.66 percent followed by Mahindra and Mahindra, and ITC climbed nearly 2 percent. L&T, HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank advanced 0.2-0.8 percent. However, shares of TCS, Infosys, Dr Reddy's Labs, Sun Pharma, ONGC and Wipro declined 1-2 percent.
In important stock action, India's largest lender SBI cut interest rates of three retail term deposits by 25 basis points. The management told CNBC-TV18 that the bank expects a positive impact on margins, liquidity in the system is adequate and that base rates will be cut in CY15.
The rupee recovered marginally to 61.86 a dollar compared to a close of 61.92 in previous session on increased selling of the dollar by exporters and banks amid persistent foreign capital flows.
Global markets remained upbeat with consistent outperformance from the Shanghai index. For the week, Shanghai rallied 10 percent. For today, European markets also traded in the green with a gain of 0.5 percent.
13:00

NTPC disabled employee gets national awardHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NTPC disabled employee gets national award
R V Vora
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Dec 5:  
NTPC Ltd on Thursday informed that the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee, has recently conferred the National Awards-2014 to NTPC Kawas unit employee Urvashi B Garala, Junior Officer (Finance) for the empowerment of persons with disabilities on the occasion of International Day of Disabled Persons in New Delhi.
Garala has been associated with NTPC Kawas since 2004 and in spite of having hearing and speech disability, she has shown excellent and appreciable performance in her job, the company said in a statement.
A B.Com with a diploma in accountancy, Garala has also done computer course from ITI.
Dr Arup Roy Choudhury, CMD, NTPC, along with other top NTPC officials, including Shankar Das, GM (Kawas), congratulated Garala for receiving the national award.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Global CSI meet in HyderabadCSI to celebrate Golden Jubilee from Dec 12
K V Kurmanath
e-gov knowledge sharing, digital Telangana road map on agenda
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
The Computer Society of India (CSI) will organise an international conference here to mark its Golden Jubilee from December 12 to 14. The three-day event is expected to attract 1,000 IT professionals, chief technology officers, chief information officers, policy makers and other stakeholders.
It will be held at Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University campus here. The association, which has about one lakh members, will also hold 49th annual convention and a student convention as part of the celebrations. The later meet, however, will happen in the first week of January, 2015.
Announcing the details of the event at a press conference here on Friday, J A Chowdary, Organising Chair of CSI-2014, said the event would focus on Digital Telangana, e-governance, cloud computing technologies, cyber security and Internet of Things.
Former President A P J Abdul Kalam, who was originally scheduled to address the students’ convention, will skip the event due to ill health.
Hackathons
Coinciding with the conference, CSI would hold hackathons inviting teams from over 30 engineering colleges. “We will give them problems that can be solved using technology. We will give them 24 hours to build solutions,” Mohan Raidu, Convener of CSI-2014, said.
Union Ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad, Bandaru Dattatreya and Sujana Chowdary, would address the meet. It would have a special session on Digital Telangana, discussing the digital roadmap for the new State.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Financial stocks lead broad FTSE reboundFinancial stocks lead broad FTSE 100 rebound
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4222ace-7c53-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Songbird spurns increased takeover offerCanary Wharf owner Songbird spurns Qatari raised bid
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0349dd3c-7c55-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sharp rise in bad loans  banks taking action: FMFinance minister Arun Jaitley says banks taking action to curb sharp rise in bad loans
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 15:44 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Concerned over sharp rise in bad loans, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday that banks are taking a number of steps against willful defaulters to recover the loans .
It is normal for the banks to have 2-3 per cent of NPAs (Non-Performing Assets). But in the last 2-3 years the NPAs has been increased substantially and gone up to 6 per cent... Stress assets have also been increased, he said during the Question Hour.
Jaitley said actions against those who have failed to repay the loan amount have been initiated under various provisions of law - including under Indian Penal Code and and civil laws.
To a question on action taken against promoters of Kingfisher Airlines for having huge outstanding loans, he said banks are dealing with all defaulters as per law and actions have been taken that include declaring the promoters and directors as willful defaulters that barred them to obtain loan from any bank in future and auction mortgaged property.
Jaitley said there are people and companies who are under stress due to the economic slowdown in last 2-3 years and in such cases banks, allow the companies to restructure the loan repayment process to give them relief.
He, however, said, there are people and companies whose intention is not good and who do not want to repay the outstanding amount to banks. In such cases, the banks take proper action as per law.
The minister said the SEBI Act has been amended recently with tough provisions and steps are being taken against those companies which cheat people in the name of chit funds. Under the amended law, the state governments can take action against those who cheat people while collecting money in the name of chit fund. Police has full right to take action and many people are in jail for such crime, he said.

Reliance Industries signs pact with Mexican firm PEMEXSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Reliance Industries has signed an oil exploration-to-refining deal with Mexico’s national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos as it looks at overseas opportunities to overcome disenchantment back home.
RIL and Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) will look at potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico as well as explore international markets for “value added opportunities,” a company statement said.
The deal comes as Mexico, the world’s tenth-largest crude producer, opens up its energy sector with the ending of Pemex’s decades-long monopoly. State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) had previously signed a MoU with the Mexican firm.
RIL, the owner of the world’s biggest refinery, said its tie-up with Pemex was in line with its strategy to expand its international asset base in regions with “attractive competitive opportunities.”
A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed by RIL’s oil and gas head P M S Prasad and Pemex chief executive Emilio Lozoya in New York.
RIL, which entered into the oil gas business in 1990s with the setting up of the nation’s biggest refinery at Jamnagar in Gujarat and then expanding into upstream oil and gas exploration, is re-orienting its hydrocarbon business after encountering several challenges.
Out of 45 oil and gas exploration areas or blocks it acquired in India since 1999, as many as 38 have been surrendered after having sunk USD 2.09 billion.
In spite of 52 oil and gas discoveries since 2002, it has managed to bring only three of them into production to date as it ran into regulatory hurdles, pricing and cost recovery disputes and delays in getting critical approvals.
RIL has since then started looking for opportunities overseas – from Myanmar to Mexico. In May this year, it bagged two shallow water exploration blocks in Myanmar and is in talks to take properties in Venezuela, Brazil and Gulf of Mexico.
As per the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) “RIL will cooperate with PEMEX for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets,” the statement added.
RIL and PEMEX will also share expertise and skills in the relevant areas of oil and gas industry, including for deep-water oil and gas exploration and production.
“The MoU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep-water development and best practices in East Coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States,” it said.
RIL will also provide technical support and share experience with PEMEX for refining value maximisation and other technical optimisation strategies.
“RIL’s cooperation with PEMEX is in line with its growth strategy to explore opportunities to expand its international asset base in regimes having internationally attractive competitive terms.
“The company hopes to leverage its organisational capabilities and expertise to create long-term value for Exploration and Production Business and for RIL on the whole,” it added.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from companies

Indian IT Services market rises to $3.76 bn in H1 2014: IDCDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
According to International Data Corporation (IDC) the IT services market in India witnessed an year on year growth of 7.4% in 1H CY 2014 over 1H CY 2013, to reach a value of Rs 2,28,262 million ($ 3.76 billion).
Overall political and economic uncertainty has had an impact on project-based services in the first half of 2014 with few infrastructure deals being signed. Support services saw a quiet period in terms of growth in 1H CY 2014 with organizations looking at cost cutting measures and holding on their hardware and software refresh.
The market grew by 6.9% over 1H CY 2013. Spending on the system integration and IT consulting services also registered a growth of 6% and 6.6% respectively, which was quiet slower than the 2H 2013 owing to decrease in spend on infrastructure projects.
Outsourcing services continued to be the fastest growing macromarket seeing a growth of 8.8% in 1H CY 2014 over 1H 2013. Large outsourcing deals are being broken into smaller sizes, as companies prefer to work with more than one vendor. Companies not only manage to get a good pricing advantage, but also access to niche technology vendors.
“Cost pressures are driving the adoption of managed and data center services among small and medium enterprises as they now realize the advantage of utilizing IT systemsin an OPEX model,” said Sachin Chaturvedi, Senior Analyst – IT Services, IDC.
IBM continued to lead the market and managed to command the IT Services market in India in H1 2014, though they struggled to grow in 1H 2014 as competition intensified from vendors such as TCS, Wipro and HCL Technologies.
Wipro was placed second in H1 2014, where they maintained steady growth, especially in financial services and telecom sectors in India. They are expecting that the new government will boost Indian IT services market growth.
“Implementation of Social, Mobile, Analytics and Cloud (SMAC), big data and other emerging technologies will result in significant investment in new IT infrastructure by both private and public sectors in the coming 2 or 3 years. Service providers are now looking at optimising resources for their customers to offer them a leaner organisational infrastructure, ” said Chaturvedi.
While spending in the government sector was sluggish, BFSI fared well with investments in enterprise data warehouse, analytics, CRM etc, driven by competition to catch up with the private sector banks and branch expansion. With the national manufacturing policy in place there is a demand for SCM, CRM, ERP, product life-cycle management in this sector.
TAGS: IT Services
More from indianmarkets

SAIL stake sale begins; OFS subscribed 0.61 times so farSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Government’s disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL’s share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government’s stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi’s listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
“OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government,” a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
“Retail investors category was… hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS,” the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

Smriti Irani row: SC scraps Sanskrit exam for KV studentsGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) students will not have to appear for Sanskrit examination in the present academic session, Centre told the Supreme Court – the case turned into a controversy after HRD Minister Smriti Irani got embroiled in it for insisting the teaching of German language was against the Constitution.
Students can opt either German or Sanskrit language in this academic session, it further said.
The apex court agrees with Centre’s proposal, saying it’s a good solution and there will be no burden on students.
Even as a father, I would agree with Centre’s proposal, says Justice A R Dave on the issue.
TAGS: Jobs And Education Smriti Irani Supreme Court
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

J&K terror attack: Top LeT commander killed in encounter | 7 armymen deadTop LeT commander killed in encounter with security forces
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 02.52PM IST
The details of the incident were not known yet as security personnel had launched a massive manhunt to nab the militants in Shopian in south Kashmir.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRINAGAR: Top Lashkar-e-Taiba commander was killed in the outskirts of the city by security personnel when he was making attempts to enter into the city.
Giving details of the incident, police said at least two militants travelling in a car tried to run away from a check point at Ahmadnagar in Soura area this afternoon.
The policemen chased the car and in the ensuing gun battle, one militant identified as Qari Israr was gunned down. One AK-47 rifle was recovered from him.
The area has been cordoned off as another militant had taken refuge in a house in the same locality.
Director General of Jammu and Kashmir Police K Rajendra told PTI that it was a "brilliant operation" by his men as the deceased militant was wanted in many cases.
Israr is a Pakistani national and had been active in this area.
Police had intensified random search of vehicles following intelligence inputs that militants might carry out a suicide attack in the city ahead of the elections and the scheduled rally of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
In another incident in Shopian, militants hurled a grenade at a police ambush party.
The details of the incident were not known yet as security personnel had launched a massive manhunt to nab the militants in Shopian in south Kashmir.
Shopian area has been vulnerable as militants coming from Doda region through Peer Panjal Range have been using this area as a transit spot.

SAIL stake sale subscribed 69% in afternoon ...equities
MUMBAI: A clutch of state-owned insurers and banks stepped in to ensure the success of the Narendra Modi government's first share sale. Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
SAIL's 20.65-crore-share offer for sale (OFS) done through stock exchanges on Friday was subscribed two times. Bids under the general category, including institutional investors and banks among others, were almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them.
Retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares kept aside for the category. They will be allotted the shares at a discount of 5% to the bid price. There was some confusion about the subscription details in the last hour of trading. At around 2:30 pm, the BSE website showed the offer was subscribed 131%, but it was soon revised to 69%. Soon, both exchanges showed the offer was fully subscribed.
State-owned insurance companies such as LIC and General Insurance Corp.(GIC) among others pumped close to Rs 700-750 crore into the share sale, said a banker in the know. Some public sector banks, along with one large private bank, invested about Rs 450-500 crore in the issue.
Private banks put in Rs 100 crore
The private sector lender put in close to Rs 100 crore, the banker said.
In addition to these state-owned firms, at least 12 foreign hedge funds such as Segantii Capital Management and Geosphere subscribed to the SAIL OFS, said a source. But, investment by some of these asset managers in the SAIL issue was part of a trading strategy involving shares and futures contracts.
Various hedge funds sold futures contracts of SAIL before the announcement of share sale. In the OFS on Friday, they subscribed to shares proportionately. These funds benefit when the price of the futures contract and the share price converge.
Unlike traditional foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who buy and hold for a while, these hedge funds are said to have invested in the issue with the intention of holding for a shorter period. Bankers said many long-established institutional investors were not keen to put money into the SAIL issue because of steep valuations."Operationally, SAIL is not the best opportunity that investors have as of now. Also, there was very little left on the table in terms of valuations," said a senior fund manager of a top mutual fund.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why are central banks worried about falling ...Why are central banks worried about falling oil prices?
By New York Times | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.04PM IST
When is good economic news a reason to worry? When you're a central banker fighting deflation at a time that oil prices are plummeting.
ET SPECIAL:
By Neil Irwin
When is good economic news a reason to worry?
When you're a central banker fighting a slump toward deflation , or broadly falling prices, at a time that oil prices are plummeting. And that is the situation that Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, faced as he announced the results of the bank's latest policy meeting Thursday. How he wrestles with that problem will help determine the outlook for Europe's flailing economy.
The official line from many of the world's most influential makers of economic policy is that this is fantastic news for global growth, at least in places that don't count oil production as their dominant local industry.
"If I was to address an audience in Saudi Arabia, Qatar or Kuwait, I wouldn't discuss it exactly the same way," said Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, at an event in Washington this week. "But on a net-net basis, it is good news for the global economy."
The fund estimates that a 30 percent decline in oil prices should improve growth by 0.8 of a percentage point in most advanced economies, Lagarde said. And prices are down more than that - about 35 percent since June 30.
There is little doubt that falling prices for oil and other commodities are good news for global consumers, as we noted last week. Less money spent on gasoline and other fuels means more to spend on everything else, in effect raising people's real incomes.
But the challenge that Draghi and his fellow central bankers face is that they are trying - almost desperately - to attain higher inflation, closer to the 2 percent that they target. And falling oil prices will drive inflation down further, particularly as the lower price of oil ripples through global supply chains and starts to affect more retail prices.
In Central Banking 101, you learn this about fluctuations in energy prices: It would be unwise to react to short-term moves that will have only a transitory effect on inflation. Oil prices go up and down - there's nothing you can do about it - but when they do, it doesn't tell you much about the longer-term path of inflation. Central bankers should keep looking over the horizon and focusing on the medium term.
Following that guidance, central bankers would do pretty much whatever they were planning to do a few months ago, before the oil sell-off began. For the Fed, that would mean raising interest rates in mid-2015.
But the Central Banking 101 lesson changes when a move in the price of oil and other commodities has some lasting effects on people's psychology. In the 1970s, for example, the spikes in oil price caused by the Arab embargo combined with steadily increasing prices and wages to make people expect ever-increasing inflation, which became self-fulfilling as the decade progressed.
In the 1970s, in other words, even if the Fed and other central banks shouldn't have reacted to the initial spike in oil prices, they should (in hindsight) have done more to fight the rising expectation of high inflation that it helped foster.
We are in the exact opposite situation right now. Inflation is persistently low across the advanced world in the face of sluggish growth. And expectations are setting in more and more that this low inflation world is here to stay, at least as measured by the bond market.
Page 1 of 2

SAIL sell-off begins; subscribed over 69% till nowSAIL stake sale begins; subscribed over 27% in early trade
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.00PM IST
0
Share More
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government's 5 per cent stake sale in steel major SAIL, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today and got subscribed over 27 per cent in morning trade.
The total issue of 20.65 crore shares got bids for 5.7 crore shares by 1055 hours, as per the NSE data.
The retail category of 2.06 crore shares got bids for over 16.5 lakh shares (8 per cent) while the general category of about 18.6 crore shares were subscribed nearly 30 per cent.
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale undertaken by the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various state-owned firms during the current fiscal.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday's closing price.
On the BSE , the company's scrip hit a low of Rs 83.5, down 2.17 per cent over its previous close, soon after the start of market hours today.
It continued to trade in the range of Rs 84.70-83.50 in early trade, which was higher than the floor price.
At the floor price of Rs 83, a 5 per cent stake or over 20.65 crore shares in SAIL could garner around Rs 1,714 crore to the exchequer.
The government currently holds 80 per cent stake in the company.
As much as 10 per cent of the offered shares have been reserved for retail investors , who can buy stocks worth up to Rs 2 lakh in the share sale. A minimum of 25 per cent of the issue size would be reserved for mutual funds and insurance companies.
Also, a 5 per cent discount on the bid price would be given to retail investors.
The Cabinet had in July 2012 approved 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013, which fetched over Rs 1,500 crore to the exchequer.
The government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare its holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
HSBC Securities, Deutsche Equities and J P Morgan India are among the six merchant bankers advising the SAIL stake sale.
While the new government assumed power in late May, there have been no PSU share sales so far in the current fiscal.
During the previous 2013-14 fiscal, the government had raised over Rs 16,000 crore through disinvestment of PSUs.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Three terror strikes in less than 12 hours in Jammu and Kashmir; Uri  Srinagar and Shopian targetedMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 05, 2014 at  08:51pm IST
Srinagar: It has been a testing day for Jammu and Kashmir with four terror strikes in different parts of the state. In the first encounter that lasted for nearly 12 hours, security forces successfully killed all six terrorists who tried to enter an Army fortification in the Uri sector. However, eight Army men and three policemen also lost their lives in the gun battle.
In another encounter in Soura area of Srinagar, just 10 kilometres away from the prominent Lal Chowk, one terrorist was killed by the security forces. He has been identified as an LeT commander. "I have no idea. We don't have any confirmed idea on what is happening. We have surrounded the area. There is no report on number of casualties," said Prabhat Kumar, CRPF Commandant.
In the third attack in the state, a grenade was thrown inside the Shopian police station. No injuries have been reported so far in the incident.
The fourth attack took place when a grenade was thrown near a bus stand in Tral in Pulwama in a move to target the civilians. One person has died while nine others have been injured in the attack.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh slammed Pakistan for the serial terror strikes. He accused the neighbouring country of harbouring terrorists.
Taken aback by the serial attacks, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted, "It's been a terrible day - 4 attacks & a number of deaths - security forces & innocent civilians killed in the valley today. JK Police & army are responding to the attack in Uri. Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to to disrupt peace & normalcy."
"My heartfelt condolences to the families of those killed in the 4 attacks today. I hope @HMOIndia takes steps to plug the gaps in C I grid," read another tweet from the CM.
The Uri encounter started in the Mohura area at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to storm an Army fortification. A senior Army officer Lt Col Sankalp Kumar and six jawans were killed in the gun battle. Three senior police officers who were supervising the operation have also been killed in the encounter.
The terror attacks come even as two phases of the Assembly elections are over and three others are still scheduled. Uri and the nearby Baramulla area will be voting in the third phase on December 9.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

J&K: Army guns down six terrorists  lose 5 soldiers  2 policemen also killed in Uri encounterMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 05, 2014 at  08:43pm IST
Uri: The security forces have successfully ended the encounter in Uri sector of Jammu and Kashmir by killing all six terrorists that entered an Army fortification. However, the Army also lost eight of its soldiers and three senior police officers in the attack.
The encounter started in the Mohura area of Uri at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to get inside an Army fortification in the area.
A senior Army officer and six jawans are among the eight men killed in the gunbattle. Three senior police officers who were present to supervise the operation have also been killed in the encounter.
The encounter started in the Mohura area of Uri at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to get inside an Army fortification in the area.
There had been an intelligence input for a possible terror attack, however, the magnitude of the attack was not preempted.
The strike comes even as the two phases of the Assembly elections are over and three other are still scheduled. Uri and the nearby Baramulla area will be voting in the third phase on December 9.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Uber raises 12 billion valued at 40 billionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pakistan PM  Afghan president  British PM discuss regional situationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No drinking water in Maldives capital  India rushes tohelpWritten by Shubhajit Roy , Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:33 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 6:12 am
At about 9.30pm on Thursday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj was back at her residence after a day in Parliament when she received an urgent call from Dunya Maumoon, her counterpart in Maldives. Maumoon had an unusual request — drinking water for her island nation’s capital.
The only water desalination in Male, home to over a lakh of people, had caught fire and had to be shut down. And Maumoon had decided to turn to Swaraj with whom she had developed a good rapport — they had met just last week at the SAARC summit in Kathmandu.
Indian assistance arrives in Maldives. First IL-76 with drinking water from India lands in Male. pic.twitter.com/qZ6Uilk59U
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) December 5, 2014
Within the next 90 minutes, sources said, Swaraj had obtained the green signal from Prime Minister Narendra Modi and set in motion a rare logistical operation — involving the PMO, Cabinet Secretariat, MEA, Indian High Commissioner in Maldives Rajeev Shahare and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh — to ferry drinking water to Male on IAF planes and Navy ships.
According to sources, the IAF was alerted 12.48 am that night and the first transport aircraft took off from Delhi at 7.30 am on Friday. It landed in Thiruvananthapuram, picked up tonnes of water bottles, and reached Male at 1.55 pm that afternoon.
This was followed by a C- 17 aircraft that left Palam with more bottles of water at 3.30 pm, and another at 5 pm. By Friday evening, two Il-76 aircraft were lined up with the precious cargo for the four-hour trip later in the night.
In total, five sorties were flown carrying 200 tonnes of water on Friday, and another 200 tonnes of water will be flown on Saturday through five sorties.
The Navy, meanwhile, dispatched two ships – INS Sukanya and INS Deepak – to Male.
I spoke to the Hon'ble Prime Minister last night and he has promised all help to Maldives.
— Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) December 5, 2014
INS Sukanya, a patrol vessel that had been deployed off Kochi, was diverted to help Maldivian authorities tide over the crisis. Apart from 35 tonnes of fresh water onboard, INS Sukanya has two Reverse Osmosis (RO) plants that can produce 20 tonnes of fresh water per day.
INS Deepak, a tanker vessel, was sent from Mumbai and is scheduled to reach Maldives by Saturday night with 800 tonnes of water.
“This is a help to a friendly neighbour in its hour of need,” said an MEA spokesperson.
“Mindful of the strong, friendly and close relations between India and the Maldives, India reacted with alacrity and promptness to the request from the Maldives for timely provision of water,” the Indian High Commission in Male said.
 

Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti will campaign for BJP  Opposition protest will boomerang: VenkaiahNaiduBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:29 pm
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti will campaign for BJP “as and when required” and there is no question of cancelling her rally, Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said on Friday, dismissing suggestions that she was being pulled out after her controversial remarks at a public meeting revently in the city.
Warning that their protest on the issue of controversial remarks made by Jyoti, who is Minister of State for food processing industry , will “boomerang”, Naidu, who is the Parliamentary Affairs Minister, accused the opposition parties of repeatedly changing their stance and ruled out outright her resignation.
Naidu emphasised that Jyoti will continue to campaign for the BJP for the upcoming elections adding there should be no confusion in anybody’s mind.
“She will campaign as and when required. All other leaders will also campaign for the party. There is no question of cancelling anybody’s rally. It all depends on local permission…. Most our MPs are also going to campaign in the coming days in Delhi in a big way,” Naidu said.
Jyoti was to address a rally yesterday at Gole Market area in Central Delhi as part of party chief Amit Shah’s directive to around 300 BJP MPs to campaign in the city for the upcoming assembly polls but only BJP MP from Aligarh Satish Gautam came there.
Naidu claimed that Congress leaders who had made objectionable statements in the past got away because they were all “big” leaders but Jyoti was being targeted as she was “making a big impact”.
“Someone from a village….one woman, first timer to Parliament…. now they are trying to take on her because they are afraid she is influencing people in Uttar Pradesh in a big way,” Naidu said.
“I am unable to understand what is the demand of the opposition. They keep on changing their stand. One day they say apology. Second day they say, no, PM should come and then PM comes, third day they say we want resignation. And they will say tomorrow some other resignation. We cannot oblige them, people have given us the mandate,” Naidu told reporters outside Parliament.
He said the minister had herself promptly expressed regret and even Prime Minister Narendra Modi had spoken on the matter and the “issue is closed”.
“But you come out and then you demonstrate outside just to get some publicity,” Naidu said referring to the protest outside Parliament where MPs led by Rahul Gandhi wore black bands as “unfortunate”.

Disney planning Robin Hood movie Nottingham andHoodPosted: December 5, 2014 3:21 pm
Disney is planning to build a Robin Hood franchise.
The company has acquired the spec for “Nottingham & Hood”, a new take on the classic story written by Brandon Barker, reported Ace Showbiz.
The upcoming project, which has not named a director, reportedly is planned in the tone of “The Pirates of Caribbean”.
Alex Heineman and Andrew Rona of The Picture Company will produce the flick, while Tendo Negenda and Foster Driver are overseeing the project.
Back in October, Sony was reported to purchase a project called “Hood”.
The flick, which was described as a ‘Mission: Impossible’ meets ‘Fast and Furious’ movies, reportedly will be in ‘shared universe’ just like ‘The Avengers’.
There are some actors who have tried their hand at portraying the good-hearted outlaw. Back in 1938, Errol Flynn played the character in the flick directed by Michael Curtiz. Most recently, other stars who have played the character include Sean Connery, Kevin Costner and Russell Crowe.

Filmmaker Teja wants to cast ShwetaBasuBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:20 pm
Telugu filmmaker Dharma Teja is keen to rope in Shweta Basu Prasad, who was recently caught in an alleged’ prostitution scandal, for his next film.
He already has a role for her, but is yet to approach the ‘Makadee’ actress. “Shweta is a very talented actress. I have a role for her in my next film. I would like her to play it but I’m yet to approach her,” Teja told IANS.
Teja plans to approach her once he’s done with the script.
Shweta, who was last seen in the 2012 Telugu film ‘Nuvvekaddunte Nenakkadunta’, has also worked in films such as ‘Kotha Bangaru Lokam’ and ‘Kalavar King’.
Reportedly, she has currently taken up a job at Phantom Films, which belongs to filmmaker Anurag Kashyap.

Indian-American to lead new House panel in M...Kumar P Barve, the first Indian-American to be elected to a US state legislature, is set to lead a new House panel in Maryland. (Image: kumarbarve.com)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Kumar P Barve , the first Indian-American to be elected to a US state legislature, is set to lead a new House panel in Maryland .
Barve, 56, has served since 2003 as House majority leader. He has been sitting on the House Ways and Means Committee.
Barve was tapped to lead the new Environment and Transportation Committee, Speaker Michael E Busch said.
"Delegate Barve has demonstrated time and time again his command of complex issues and he is a natural choice of someone to guide State environment and transportation policy," Busch said in a statement.
Anne R Kaiser of Calverton will take over as the House majority leader, the statement said.
Barve, who has been a delegate since 1991, will leave his seat on the Ways and Means Committee to assume his new post. The lawmaker said he felt great about the appointment and is excited to get started.
The committee, which was formerly the Environmental Matters Committee, will tackle both environmental and transportation issues. Barve said he believes the decision to bring together both subjects under one committee is a smart and sensible move.
"I think there's an understanding that the two issues do tend to go together," Barve said. "The environment and how we move people from point A to point B are intricately related."
In his new role, Barve said fellow lawmakers and constituents can expect him to be an impartial leader and a proponent of roads and transit.

Pusthaka Preethi: Books go where readers areMobile shop to peddle progressive literature"Pustaka Preeti" a mobile book shop launched in Bengaluru. Photo: Special Arrangement.
Mobile shop to sell ‘progressive’ literature
If people do not go to book shops, why not take them to people?
This is the thought behind the launch of a mobile book shop in Bengaluru called Pusthaka Preethi, which means `love of books’.
Launched by a bunch of book lovers who have formed Kriya Madhyama Private Limited, the book mobile is simply a Maruti Omni van equipped to stack up books. On reaching a particular destination, the person running the shop just puts down a couple of folding tables to display around 300 books of various publications.
Interestingly, the focus of this shop will be “progressive literature” of all kinds and it will particularly pitch tent in venues of seminars, book launches, protests, rallies and so on. Its dominant theme will be in tune with the occasion.
“For instance, if it is a seminar on Dalit literature or a protest by Dalit groups, there will be predominantly books on B.R. Ambedkar, the Dalit movement or writings of Dalit writers. If it is a women’s gathering, we will focus on women’s literature and movement,” explains Vasanth Kadekar, one of the persons behind the initiative.
The focus is not on “what sells in the market” but rather on “what ought to reach people”, according to him.
A mobile Pusthaka Preethi shop may also pitch tent at Freedom Park, where protests of various kinds are held almost every day.
Although Kriya Madhyama also runs a book shop in Mahalakshmi Layout and holds monthly discussions on books, it hit upon the idea because it felt people no longer flock to book shops as they did before.
Log on to pusthakapreethi.wordpress.com for more on the initiative.

Sensex Falls 104 Points  Nifty Ends Below 8 550You are here: Home Market
Sensex Struggles Amid Selling Pressure In IT Stocks
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)
The BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled to gain traction on Friday with gains in domestic-oriented stocks getting offset with loses in defensives like IT and healthcare stocks.
Domestic-oriented stocks gained on continued hope of rate cuts and structural reforms.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava as long as Nifty holds the 8450-8500 range, it could move up to 8,800 levels. But if it falls below 8368 levels, the selling pressure could accelerate, he added.
At 3:15 pm, the Nifty was down 15 points to 8,549 while Sensex fell 66 points to hover near 28,500 levels. Banking stocks extended their gains to the seventh session today with Bank Nifty rising about 0.30 per cent. Banking stocks have outperformed in the recent rally on hopes of monetary easing from the Reserve Bank of India. PNB, Kotak Mahindra Bank, PNB and Bank of Baroda gained over 1 per cent.
Among other major Nifty gainers M&M, Ambuja Cements, DLF and Sesa Sterlite rose between 2-3 per cent.
Shares in ITC were up 1.5 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 5.5 percent surge on a likely hold on loose cigarette ban.
Among Nifty losers, Infosys, TCS and Tech Mahindra declined over 1 per cent. Some selling pressure was also seen in oil & gas stocks with ONGC and BPCL down over 1 per cent. Traders attributed the selloff in IT stocks to the cross currency impact following the dollar's surge against major global currencies. Besides, seasonally the third quarter is a seasonally weak quarter for Indian outsourcers.
Overseas investors bought shares worth $76.73 million on Thursday, according to NSE data.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:18 (IST)

GAIL inks agreement to buy 2.5mn tonnes of LNG from USDec 05, 2014, 03.15 PM IST  | Source: PTI
GAIL inks agreement to buy 2.5mn tonnes of LNG from US
GAIL had previously signed deals to buy 3.5 million tonnes of LNG a year for two decades from Cheniere Energy Inc's Sabine Pass terminal in Louisiana. It had also booked 2.3 million tonnes a year capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal in Maryland.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GAIL inks agreement to buy 2.5mn tonnes of LNG from US
GAIL had previously signed deals to buy 3.5 million tonnes of LNG a year for two decades from Cheniere Energy Inc's Sabine Pass terminal in Louisiana. It had also booked 2.3 million tonnes a year capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal in Maryland.
Post your opinion here
 
GAIL India Ltd , the nation's largest natural gas distributor, has signed an agreement with US-based WGL for buying about 2.5 million tonnes of gas for 20 years. GAIL Global USA LNG LLC, a subsidiary of the state-owned firm, signed a sourcing agreement with US-based WGL Midstream Inc for "procurement of natural gas required to produce about 2.5 million tonnes a year of LNG at the Cove Point Terminal located in Maryland, US," a company statement said.
WGLM is a subsidiary of WGL Holdings Inc, a prominent natural gas company of the United States. GAIL had previously signed deals to buy 3.5 million tonnes of LNG a year for two decades from Cheniere Energy Inc's Sabine Pass terminal in Louisiana. It had also booked 2.3 million tonnes a year capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal in Maryland. The shipments are expected to start by 2017-18.
"The definitive gas sale and purchase agreement has been signed for a period of 20 years and supplies are expected to commence from late 2017 when the LNG terminal, in which GGULL holds liquefaction capacity, becomes operational," it said. GAIL Chairman and Managing Director B C Tripathi said the pact was part of the company's efforts to source liquefied natural gas (LNG) to meet the country's rising energy demand.
"We are now in the process of chartering of LNG ships thereby entrenching our presence across the complete LNG supply chain and bring more value to Indian customers," he said. On the occasion, Terry D McCallister, Chairman, WGL Holdings said, "WGL Midstream's long-term relationship with GAIL capitalises on the growing supply of abundant natural gas from the Marcellus Shale production region.
"This growing supply source has been providing clean burning natural gas to Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States and will now supply to India as well." WGL Midstream handles non-regulated gas business with operations covering midstream infrastructure and energy services.
Its parent, WGL Holdings, Inc, is a public utility holding company serving the Washington DC metropolitan region. Pace Global (a Siemens business), Thompson & Knight and Amarchand Mangaldas assisted GAIL on commercial and legal aspects of the transaction, the statement added. WGL Midstream engaged Vega Energy Partners for the execution of these transactions. Vega will also play a role in the implementation of these contracts.
GAIL stock price
On December 10, 2014, GAIL India closed at Rs 414.55, down Rs 7.65, or 1.81 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 551.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 332.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 36.07 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.49. The latest book value of the company is Rs 213.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.94.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Sintex Industries  DLF: Pankaj Jain02:30 pm
Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax told CNBC-TV18, "We have seen very serious price volume breakout in Sintex Industries  and the stock has been inching up for last 40-45 days from levels closer to Rs 85, very close to its 2-3 year high that is closer to Rs 104-105. I think the fall in crude prices is really helping the company. Apart from all other products company makes one exciting product, one niche product which is portable toilets. This clean Bharat, Swachh Bharat campaign would definitely be a sort of small time game changer for these companies. So, I expect this stock to rally and once this breaches those Rs 105-106 kind of levels I think the stock would easily move to levels closer to Rs 112-115. So, Sintex looks pretty exciting with a deeper stoploss of Rs 97-98."
" DLF was showing lot of resilience in Rs 152-156 kind of zone for last 2-3 days inspite of corrections we were getting. Today we have seen solid breakout in the stock. Even in this correction, the stock is still holding on to Rs 161-162 kind of levels. I believe that the stock has potential to go up to its larger averages of closer to Rs 173-175. One of the immediate catalyst which we have been hearing that easier norms, easier FII norms in terms of investment in infra, real estate, in terms of quantum of money involved, quantum of space and in terms of lock-in period that is helping. Not to forget that on immediate terms company has got some benefits from SAT and Supreme Court. So, these two stocks inspite of correction look pretty okay and we could see smart uptick in these two stocks in Monday's trading session," he said.
 

About 7 lakh km optical fibre to be laid under NOFN: PrasadDec 05, 2014, 03.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
About 7 lakh km optical fibre to be laid under NOFN: Prasad
Government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayat by end of this financial year, 1 lakh by March 2016 and another 1 lakh by end of 2016.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
About 7 lakh km optical fibre to be laid under NOFN: Prasad
Government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayat by end of this financial year, 1 lakh by March 2016 and another 1 lakh by end of 2016.
Post your opinion here
 
Government will lay about 7 lakh kilometres of optical fibre network to connect all village panchayats by high speed broadband services by 2016, telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said today.
"We are laying down optical fibre in all gram (village) panchayats. PM is very keen on this project. PM has said Ravi ensure that it is done by end of 2016. We have to lay 700,000 kilometre of OFC. We have got about a million kilometer done in last 25 years," Prasad said while speaking at a function organised by Chase India.
Government has set a target to roll out OFC network for high speed broadband services across 50,000 village panchayat by end of this financial year, 1 lakh by March 2016 and another 1 lakh by end of 2016.
 
Prasad said that the country is electronically and telephonically well connected but there is need for digital connectivity so that services are delivered to people on demand besides empowering them.
The Minister said the government wants to create new hubs  of Information technology services which at the moment are limited to only few cities.
"I want BPOs (business process outsourcing) to be opened up in small and mofussil towns of country. I have asked my  officers to come up with incentive driven scheme so that BPOs can be opened in places like Deoria, Gorakhpur, Balia, Seetamarhi, Samastipur, Trichy in Tamil Nadu and Ahmednagar in Maharashtra," Prasad said.
He said the spread of digital infrastructure will lead to explosion of e-commerce, e-entertainment and host of other services.
"We want a series of dialogues to help create a platform for interaction between Government and Industry. Through Digital India conclave initiative our effort is to create a roadmap for turning the dream of Digital India into reality," Chase India Director Nitin Mantri said.
RELATED NEWS

Nickel futures extend gains on global cuesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

10 soldiers  police dead in attack on camp in KashmirThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Markets in the red; IT  pharma scrips weakHi Guest
Last hour slide drags markets; IT, pharma shares wilt
Shares of IT majors have lost up to 2% on the BSE on caution ahead of the key US jobs report which is scheduled to be released later during the day. TCS, Infosys and Wipro lost between 1.5-2%. Benchamrk indices lost nearly half a percent each in late trades on the last trading day of the week as investors booked profit in several heavyweights like Infosys, TCS, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma. The slide could have been much sharper had it not been for gains in ITC and M&M. For the day, the Sensex ...

21 workers trapped in construction tunnel collapse in ChinaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HCC up 6% on sale of annuity road project in Andhra PradeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAIL OFS subscribed 69%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SpiceJet stock slips 12%SpiceJet stock slips 12%
SpiceJet stock slips 12%
The Airports Authority of India is planning to withdraw credit facility relating to airport user fees to the low-cost carrier SpiceJet.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/spicejet-stock-slips-12-114120500022_1.html
December 05, 2014 14:01 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 04:52 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Rupee expected to depreciate further to 62.4 in January: ZyFin ResearchRupee expected to depreciate further to 62.4 in January: ZyFin Research
Rupee expected to depreciate further to 62.4 in January: ZyFin Research
This would be a 10-month low against the US dollar (USD) for the rupee.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/rupee-expected-to-depreciate-further-to-62-4-in-january-zyfin-research-114120500199_1.html
December 05, 2014 14:00 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 04:52 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Dabhol will be revived: NTPC CMDDec 05, 2014, 04.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Dabhol will be revived: NTPC CMD
"Dabhol will be revived. How can we afford in a country like ours to leave one project to get killed by itself. Many options are being considered and it has to be revived," NTPC Chairman and Managing Director Arup Roy Choudhury said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dabhol will be revived: NTPC CMD
"Dabhol will be revived. How can we afford in a country like ours to leave one project to get killed by itself. Many options are being considered and it has to be revived," NTPC Chairman and Managing Director Arup Roy Choudhury said.
Post your opinion here
 
Reiterating that revival of the beleaguered Dabhol was on the cards, NTPC  today said all possible options are being explored for the same.
"Dabhol will be revived. How can we afford in a country like ours to leave one project to get killed by itself. Many options are being considered and it has to be revived," NTPC Chairman and Managing Director Arup Roy Choudhury told reporters.
The Dabhol or Ratnagiri Gas and Power Ltd (RGPPL), is currently not generating electricity.
On asked whether the impending gas pooling mechanism could be a solution, Choudhury said, "It might be."
The plant was originally built by US major Enron Corp. It was mothballed after a billing dispute with Maharashtra and Enron's bankruptcy in 2001. RGPPL took over the plant in September 2005. The company was set up to takeover and revive the assets of Dabhol Power Company Project.
GAIL  and NTPC hold 32.9 percent each in RGPPL while the Maharashtra government has a 17.4 percent stake. Lenders IDBI Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Canara Bank hold the remaining 16.8 percent. The company still awaits greater clarity on the gas price front.
"A lot of clarity is required as far as gas price is concerned, for example at what rate the fixed charges be reimbursed. The problem is electricity that is produced from gas is costlier than electricity produced from coal. As long as that remains the choice, the consumer does not come on gas," he said.
Meanwhile, country's largest power generator NTPC is also executing a 4,000 MW thermal plant in the newly created Telangana.
The company will construct this plant under the Telangana Act.
"We are awaiting coal mine reallocation for setting up two 800 MW units at our Ramagundam plant. The other three units will come adjacent to this plant," Choudhury said.
NTPC stock price
On December 10, 2014, NTPC closed at Rs 128.70, down Rs 4.25, or 3.2 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 168.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 110.90.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.38. The latest book value of the company is Rs 104.08 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.24.
RELATED NEWS

SAIL OFS price should have been Rs 80-81/sh: Edelweiss02:30 pm
With the  SAIL divestment kicking off on Friday, all eyes and discussions are once again centered around the government's divestment drive. Rashesh Shah, chairman and CEO, Edelweiss Financial Services believes the government will be able to achieve its divestment target of Rs 54,000 crore.
He believes SAIL's offer for sale (OFS) pricing should have been around Rs 80-81 per share.
He expects  Coal India and  ONGC to raise Rs 40,000 crore and does not think it will be difficult for the companies to raise the funds. 
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rashesh Shah's interview with CNBC-TV18's Sonia Shenoy and Anuj Singhal.
Sonia: In the past few years the actual proceeds from divestment have been much lower than the targets that the government has set out. We just have a few months to go before the fiscal year ends. Do you think the government will be able to meet its ambitious target. Rs 58,400 crore is the target that it has laid out. What is the sense that you are getting about how it could get to that level?
A: What we should remember is last few years the equity markets were not doing well. So, the ability of the market to absorb the government’s shares as well as the optimism in the market and the availability of funds and all was not as much but currently for this year, the government is going to execute on this target. In a fairly optimistic market scenario, the markets are doing very well and the liquidity is very good and for the government programme, the two most important ones are Coal India and ONGC because between Coal India and ONGC my estimate is that the government should be able to raise about Rs 40,000 crore.
So Rs 40,000 crore out of the Rs 58,000 crore will be only Coal India in sales. So, if they come out with those in the next few weeks and get Coal India and SAIL out of the way by March, getting to the government’s current year target should not be a big problem, but if they can raise Rs 40,000 crore which they should be able to raise because both Coal India and ONGC should have quite a bit of investor interest.
Sonia: What about something like SAIL, because as we speak the subscription levels have come to 69 percent. there is still some time to bid till 3.30 pm later this evening but fundamentally how does one approach the stock with the OFS now out of the way because things are not looking as good as far as the fundamentals are concerned. Most brokerages have recommended avoid on SAIL. So how do you approach these names once the divestment is out of the way?
A: Currently everybody is looking at SAIL from a short-term point of view and on that it might not look attractive because the steel sector is down. Global commodity prices are under pressure and it is a small issue which is about Rs 1,700 crore what the government is going to raise. So, the issue will go through because there will be enough people, especially people who are buying it for long-term portfolio especially government institutions and all will ensure that this issue goes through.
I was hoping that since this was the first which is kicking off the entire divestment cycle this was slightly more attractively priced. A price of Rs 80-81 would have made it very attractive and people would have been very keen to invest in this even from a short-term point of view because 5-10 percent discount in India can really make a stock very attractive from being reasonably priced.
So, I was hoping that a slightly more attractive or if the government had a range of between Rs 81-83 and then they would have played around with that, which might have been an easier approach but at this price it will go through because of the size. The size is only Rs 1,700 crore and SAIL is a good stock. On a long-term basis at this price it is not a bad buy.
Anuj: What about ONGC? There is still some uncertainty on what is happening with the overall subsidy sharing. We believe that it would be now 50-50 which in absolute terms may not be that bad a news for ONGC or at least won't be the worst case scenario. Do you think it will have appetite if that is the formula that is adopted – 50-50 between government and upstream?
A: Absolutely and given where the oil price is and the outlook on the oil price and all a lot of long term investors, a lot of FIIs that we speak to they all do think that the oil sector as a whole, the oil marketing companies and the oil and gas companies could be one of the key beneficiaries and the profit growth in this sector could be fairly strong in the coming couple of years. If you look at the corporate profit growth there is a lot of optimism around oil and gas and oil marketing companies. On that basis I would feel interest in ONGC will be fairly strong. As I said ultimately it will be also function of what is the pricing and all. However raising about Rs 18000-20000 crore in ONGC should be possible in this environment.
Anuj: The other issue is about the government holding in SUUTI and that is something where there has been no progress. Are you disappointed with that?
A: As I said earlier they had to do only three things, SUUTI, ONGC and Coal India. In these three they would have raised the entire amount of money. SUUTI also has some very attractive shares like Axis Bank, ITC and all which has a lot of appetite. We had heard that government is looking at a close ended ETF kind of a fund and if they can put it in that and get it out of the way I think the government is trying to figure out what will be the need because even if they fall short of the current years target given that all price and oil subsidy is not going to be as high as may be they originally they envisaged, government feels that may be it will have some room and they don’t want to use up all the cards. So, they might be holding back on something like SUUTI for FY16 instead of trying to do it in FY15. So, I think the thinking could be on that that come January-February the government will have a clearer view on how much they need to raise through disinvestment in the current year. To stick to the 4.1 percent fiscal target that they have they might have some room. Currently it appears that almost 89 percent that is hit. Going forward the government may have some room largely because of the oil price fall.
Sonia: But even if you look at what has happened in the last couple of months it seems as though investor’s appetite for Public Sector Undertakings (PSU) stocks has been waning considerably. If you just look at the performance of Coal India, NHPC etc and one analyst was indicating that investors are perhaps expecting the merchant bankers to price the issue lower than where it is at currently. What kind of interest do you expect for some of these other stake sale, the 10 percent stake sale in Coal India, in NHPC that is expected?
A: Overall though all the government units are not the same the investors are looking at different PSUs in a different way. Because some are very strong, they have healthy balance sheets, strong processes and even governance processes, some may not have that. So, investors will actually vary this from PSU to PSU in how they invest and how they look at it.
Overall I do think that there is a lot of expectation from the government to fix the government owned companies, the government undertakings, governance processes and we have been seeing about the government banks, there is a framework. Even Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has been speaking about it that we need a governance process and a framework for the PSU banks, the same thing we need for other PSU entities and everybody is expecting that over the next three to four months if the government can try and put together a governance framework for government undertakings that would be very good because eventually a lot of the PSUs are very strong. They are in good markets, they have fairly good management but the governance is where the investors are apprehensive about.
So, if you can separate the role, the government should be a shareholder and not somebody who is actually controlling and owning the PSUs on an everyday basis but is like a shareholder and enjoys the economic upside and you can allow the professional management and give them enough room and make them truly board managed kind of government entities, a lot of unlocking can happen and if that happens whatever the pricing and all we are talking about can also get adjusted, because in the absence of that investors will want a little bit more attractive pricing in this offering.
Sonia: From the way you are saying it you believe that perhaps the subscriptions will go through for most of these. So you don’t see an LIC bailing out these divestments kind of situation happen this time around as we are used to see it happen in the past?
A: No, as I said earlier when the government was trying to get this the environment was not good, the stocks markets were weak. Currently government is doing this in strong markets. It is also the new government out there, there is a lot of optimism around that and as I said both Coal India and ONGC which are the important ones have very good prospects, because given that a lot of the power projects and all after the coal block allocation Coal India is a very strong company which will have to meet the coal needs of the country. So their outlook is fairly good, the same thing on ONGC what we spoke earlier.
So between Coal India, ONGC all these should not have a problem. Some of the PSUs which are very weak and when the outlook is bad they may have an issue but the ones which are on the cards as I said you might have to make the pricing slightly more attractive to get a lot of retail investors into that because in the absence of that you will only get large wholesale institutional investors but if you really want retail participation then a little bit more 8-10 percent discount to the current price will make it a lot more attractive.
Anuj: Would so much supply of paper have any kind of impact on secondary market liquidity and would you expect any kind of correction in the market then in the first three months of calendar 2015?
A: I wouldn’t think so because as we are seeing there is a lot of flows coming in into insurance companies and the mutual funds also over and above the FII flows and we are not seeing a very robust IPO pipeline. Between now to February the IPO pipeline is not very big and have a lot of large IPOs which are coming out.
So, being able to raise about Rs 50,000-60,000 crore our estimate is that the Indian mutual fund should get about Rs 3,000-4,000 crore every month from now onwards. The insurance companies should be a couple of thousand crore and the FIIs can be another Rs 8,000-10,000 crore.
So given this kind of flows getting Rs 50,000-60,000 crore for government companies should not be an issue. As I said the pricing is going to be very key and the liquidity environment which I expect between now to March should be a fairly easy liquidity environment.
Anuj: But leaving that aside do you expect any kind of correction in the market in the next three months or so? We haven’t had any correction.
A: Yes, and in Edelweiss we don’t think about three to five percent up and down is correction in any way because that is normal noise in the market. The liquidity flows, ebb and flow in that sense. so if you call it more than anything more than the five percent correction currently from where we are it looks unlikely but a three-four percent fall up and down the market keeps on even in a consolidation zone will adjust to that, but if there is a global even if there is something that goes wrong geopolitically or some other unexpected event, but from where we sit now given the optimism around India and India is currently a very hot market. A lot of global investors are still allocating even more funds to India for the next three-four months we don’t think the market is susceptible to a large correction.
RELATED NEWS

Hi mr ragaa  r u talking about jindal poly as i can see 4lk in n...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear dhimantsevak1959: my tgt. for atul is over 1 600 as i alway...Platinum Member
88 Followers
my friend  today atul closed at 1257.  atul has bearish  bar reversal  chart  pattern today.  as you have asked  it will be bearish  during this month  . the companys  fundamental  is excellent. in dyes and pigments sector atul is no 1  in respect of  sales  turnover -  profit -total assets  - wise.  see low equity  of rs  29.68 crores against reserves to the tune of  911.91 crores.atul  may come  to  1220-1230 in the sessions you asked.  but REMEMBER  6 to8 months it will reach  1500. thanks
In reply to : roameri message
6.16 PM Dec 3rd

Shares are gtg cornered..from monday uc...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

No  one good news this stock will tang.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Infosys  digital  new tech focus impressive  say analystsInfosys' digital, new tech focus impressive, say analysts
BS Reporter | Bengaluru Dec 05, 2014 02:56 PM IST
As Infosys’s new management tries to give greater clarity on its strategy roadmap, most analysts believe that the Bengaluru-based company is moving in the right direction by strengthening in areas which hold promise for the future. In particular, they are of the opinion that the company has made strong inroads into the digital space and some newer technologies such as social, mobility, analytics and cloud (SMAC), which is quite encouraging.
CEO & MD Vishal Sikka, along with his management team, on Thursday outlined some of these capabilities while discussing the new strategy roadmap in an analyst meet at the company’s Pune campus.   
“Infosys new management’s maiden analyst day was marked by Dr Sikka’s reiteration of his “New+Renew” theme of igniting new growth engines from SMAC and increasing efficiencies in traditional work horses through software,” a CLSA report said. 
“We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership.” 
In order to strengthen its position in the digital space, Infosys has recently attracted some of the best industry talent, including Navin Budhiraja who was earlier chief architect of SAP’s SuccessFactors, and Abdul Razack, who earlier headed customer engagement and strategic projects at SAP. Razack is currently senior VP at Infosys and heads the Analytics and Big Data practices.
Over the last two quarter, the company has also increased headcount in newer technology areas such as big data & analytics, cloud and digital. “The management was keen to invest in the newer technologies and moving up the value chain. Moreover, they highlighted improvement in productivity (revenue/employee), steady margin, more projects in newer technology, part of strategic initiatives of clients, moderating attrition, and large deal win,” brokerage firm Prabhudas Lilladher said in a note.
According to CLSA, while the individual project sizes in the digital space are small, there is a great deal of opportunity in terms of downstream works. “We were impressed by Infosys’ capabilities in the nascent Digital and Analytics horizontals thanks to its strong scale (16,000 employees, 1000+ projects, 240 clients and 70+ partnerships) that was underscored by several examples and interactive demo stations (Insurance, Telecom, Banking),” CLSA pointed out. 
It said while the future recovery of the company depends on accelerating growth by improving account mining and revenue productivity, “Infosys’ success, in its steps taken so far, inspires confidence.”

Mercedes-Benz to launch pre-owned car brandMercedes-Benz to launch pre-owned car brand
Press Trust of India | Chandigarh Dec 05, 2014 02:30 PM IST
Finding immense potential in the pre-owned car segment, German luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz today said it will announce the launch of a separate brand for pre-owned cars this month,.
Noting that customers here are now "increasingly" demanding quality products in pre-owned car segment, the luxury car maker says it sees "phenomenal" growth in country's pre-owned car segment, describing it as "next growth story" in luxury car business.
"...The growth rate in pre-owned car (in India) is phenomenal. We (Mercedes-Benz) have seen 45 per cent growth in pre-owned car business this year," Mercedes-Benz India, MD & CEO Eberhard Kern said here today.
Stating that pre-owned car segment was getting organised in India, he said the company would announce launch of pre-owned car brand in two weeks time.
"In two weeks time, Mercedes-Benz India is going to launch a new pre-owned car brand....We will take the next big step in pre-owned car business," he said.
Comparing the pre-owned car segment with global markets, he said that the "trading ratio" of pre-owned segment in India stands between 10 to 20 per cent which is "quite a low figure".
"About 10-20 percent of trading ratio in India is a low figure if you compare globally. For example in Europe, it is one to one," he said adding that now it was "growing very fast" in India.
"It (Pre-owned car segment) is the next growth story in India's luxury car segment," he observed adding, "Customers here are now demanding quality products in pre-owned (segment)."
Kern said the company would be doing pre-owned car business with existing dealers and that it will offer very effective trading price to customers.
The luxury car maker said the company would be looking at both metro and non-metro cities for the sale of premium segment cars with a focus on increasing product portfolios and bringing latest technology to India.
"Besides metros, our focus will also be on tier II and tier-III cities as these are also getting more important," he said.
Mercedes-Benz is getting 55 per cent of total volume from non-metro cities while rest from metros including Mumbai, and Delhi.
The company's three-fourth business come from leasing and financing while one-fourth comes from cash, he said.
Stating that the company "believes in future of Indian market", he said the company would clock more than 10,000 units this year, which will be the first time ever.
During first nine months, Mercedes-Benz sold 7,529 units, 16 per cent up from sale of corresponding period while in Punjab it registered 23 per cent growth in volume.
E-Class is the best selling model for Mercedes Benz in India, said Kern adding that M-class (SUV) has also posted 100 per cent growth.
Talking about new trends in luxury car segment, he said "connected" cars and "autonomous driving" would be one of the biggest trends.
Mercedes-Benz has 68 dealerships in 37 cities at present.
"This year we have opened 13 outlets and 14th one will be opened in Madurai soon," he said.

Global online  carpooling community   Tripda makes India debutSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Backed by Rocket Internet, Tripda says it is a social, economical, safe, green alternative to bus, rail, even short air transportation.
Online carpooling marketplace Tripda, which looks to connect people who need rides with drivers who have empty car seats on long trips, has been launched in India.
After Brazil, USA, Argentina, Colombia, Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines, Tripda is now taking on the Indian market.
Passengers and drivers can connect through Tripda’s website and mobile app platforms, available for both iOS and Android, and mutually filter travel partners taking similar journeys according to their personal preferences.
Tripda verifies drivers and passengers in multiple ways and runs checks to ensure their privacy and security.
The platform fills an important gap in the long-distance travel market and provides an alternative to buses, trains and short flights.
Currently a free platform, Tripda does not charge its users any fees or commissions currently for using the platform.
Tripda banks on the ‘sharing economy’ that is rising today and can be seen in the form of rooms, cars to everyday services.
Pedro Meduna, Co-Founder and Co-CEO, Tripda.in said, “Tripda is exciting because it is part of a broader movement of sharing knowledge, increasing opportunity and reducing costs.”
Seeing India as one of their most important geographies, Nitish Bhushan, Country Manager, said, “Carpooling is already taking place in an unstructured way – the next step is to make it organized. We are here to make long-distance carpooling a mainstream method of transportation.”
TAGS: Carpooling Tripda
More from companies

Strike hits banking services in northeastern regionStrike hits banking services in northeastern region
IANS     Agartala/Guwahati   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 17:49 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Banking services were paralysed in the northeastern region on Thursday as most of the major banks remained closed due to employees' strike to protest the proposed banking sector reforms and to demand revision of wages.
"Little over 10,000 bank employees belonging to more than 2,000 nationalised and private bank branches in the seven northeastern states took part in the strike, opposing the proposed amendments to the banking laws," said United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) spokesman Sushobhan Datta Majumder.
"The proposed restructuring in the banking sectors is expected to be undertaken aiming at mergers, acquisitions and outsourcing of routine activities of Indian banks and to allow foreign banks and investors in these activities and banking managements," Majumder told reporters in Agartala.
Most of the ATMs had shutters down, creating serious problems to the people, due to the strike, that was observed in eastern and northeastern states.
The relay bank is strike being observed region wise since December 2 and it would continue till December 5.
The UFBU, the umbrella organisation of five employees unions and four officer associations of state-owned banks, had called the strike after its talks with the Indian Banks Association failed recently in New Delhi.
"The bank strike is not for the interest of the employees alone the agitation is to protest anti-nation policies of the central government and to protect the Indian banks from foreign controls," Majumder said on the sidelines of a sit-in demonstration by banks employees in Agartala.
The banking employees have also been protesting against the outsourcing of non-core activities by the authorities.
Government and foreign exchange transactions were also affected.

Bill Cosbys honorary title revoked by U.S. NavyBy Amy Argetsinger December 4 Follow @AmyArgetsinger
Bill Cosby, center, is recognized as an honorary Chief Petty Officer by Master Chief Petty Officer Rick West, left, and Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus on Feb. 17, 2011. (Jacquelyn Martin/AP)
The thing about honorary titles is that they’re just that –  honorary. They come with no salary, no responsibilities, just clap on the back and maybe a plaque. So even when the honoree turns out to be less than worthy, usually no demotion is in order.
But the U.S. Navy is taking the honorary title it bestowed upon Bill Cosby in 2011 very seriously — seriously enough to revoke it.
Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus and Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Michael Stevens announced Thursday that they are revoking Cosby’s title of honorary Chief Petty Officer after multiple accusations of sexual abuse by the comedian made news. In a press release, officials explained that “the Navy is taking this action because allegations against Mr. Cosby are very serious and are in conflict with the Navy’s core values of honor, courage and commitment.”
Cosby served for four years in the Navy as a young man, never making it past hospital corpsman third-class. But his fond recollections of his long-ago service impressed military brass. In September 2010, he accepted a Lone Sailor Award from U.S. Navy Memorial Foundation , which annually honors vets who achieved greatness in their post-military careers. The often-cantankerous comedian delighted the gala crowd by unexpectedly doing several minutes of stand-up about his sailor days. Five months later, he returned to Washington and did an extended version of that riff for an audience of both enlisted folks and brass at the Navy Memorial. In a brief ceremony, Mabus and Rick West, who then held the post of master chief petty officer, attached shoulderboards to his shirt, signifying that he was a CPO, and helped him into a dress blue jacket.
Of course, the military, too, has grappled with a wave of sexual assault reports that have been under close scrutiny from the White House and Congress recently; and as other organizations cut their affiliations with Cosby, the military community was buzzing last week about his Navy connections . Navy officials did not respond to the Post’s Checkpoint blog for comment last Friday. Here’s the full statement released by the Navy on Thursday:
Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus and Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Michael Stevens today said the Navy is revoking Bill Cosby’s title of honorary Chief Petty Officer, originally presented in 2011. The Navy is taking this action because allegations against Mr. Cosby are very serious and are in conflict with the Navy’s core values of honor, courage and commitment.
Cosby enlisted in the Navy in 1956 and served for four years as a hospital corpsman before being honorably discharged in 1960 as a 3rd Class Petty Officer.
 

Express IT Awards: Looking for the next next big thing in ITSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Infosys has done it and so has IBM. Indeed, across the globe a host of multinationals, from Cisco to SAP Labs, have nurtured ideas in intrapreneurship cells that have later grown into products fetching billions of dollars.
Most of these companies realise at some point that they need to grow faster than the expectations of their shareholders and if they believe the core business isn’t likely to throw up strong cash flows, they look elsewhere.
But can these incubators give the IT world the innovation it’s looking for? Will the $118-billion Indian IT industry be able to reinvent itself through such innovation? Could we soon see another Linux that helped IBM’s Emerging Business Organization generate billions of dollars in revenues? Can Indian start-ups disrupt the Silicon Valley model and breed new software products? Will there be another Adwords or an iTunes soon?
These could be some of the questions that a clutch of the country’s top tech minds — Gopichand Katragadda, group chief technology officer, Tata Sons, Rajan Anandan, managing director, Google India, Dilipkumar Khandelwal, managing director, SAP Labs India and Ravi Gururaj, serial entrepreneur and the chairman of Nasscom’s Product Council — will try and answer on Friday evening at the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru.
And gathered in the city’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology will be the country’s tech fraternity. They will raise a toast to the winners of the second Express IT Awards — instituted by the Indian Express Group — who have been chosen by an eminent jury.
Winners will be recognised for their talent across seven categories.
In addition, Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, will be honoured for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry with the Lifetime Achievement award.
This time around, the Newsmaker of the Year is Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, who takes home the award for steering his firm in a landmark year that saw it scale newer heights with a $2.7-billion acquisition.
The awards, across seven categories, showcase the most innovative and scalable IT solutions across the most relevant fields namely, IT Innovation, IT Biz, Mobility Solutions, Analytics Solutions, Cloud Solutions, IT Entrepreneurship and Green Technologies. Guest of honour R Roshan Baig, Karnataka’s minister for information and infrastructure development, will give away the awards.
The jury comprised Som Mittal, former Nasscom president, TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education, Google India’s Anandan, and S Sadagopan, director, IIIT, Bengaluru. PwC provided knowledge support for the awards.
TAGS: IBM Infosys
More from companies

Is postal chairmans lobbying history a conflict of interestBy Josh Hicks December 4 Follow @reporter_hicks
The Postal Service could potentially make billions of dollars annually by offering small loans, but private lenders aren’t fond of the idea. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The U.S. Postal Service is in a position to earn billions of dollars a year by entering the payday-loan business, but former banking lobbyist Mickey Barnett could block its path.
Barnett now chairs the USPS Board of Governors. He previously represented the interests of payday lenders, the very folks who stand to lose out if the Postal Service grabs a share of the small-loan market.
By venturing into the loan business, the Postal Service could experience an influx of new revenue after eight straight years of multibillion-dollar losses. Would Barnett support such a move, or would he oppose it because of his old ties to the banking industry?
Either way, the Leadership Conference on Human and Civil Rights  sees a potential conflict of interest. The group issued a letter to all members of the Senate this week urging the lawmakers not to confirm Barnett for another term until he thoroughly explains his positions on payday lending.
“As a past lobbyist for the payday-lending industry, Mr. Barnett has demonstrated a willingness to ignore the public interest in favor of the pecuniary interests of his clients,” the letter said. “He must give assurances that he would not use his position to promote the practices of the industry he previously represented.”
The Leadership Conference also suggested that the Postal Service would be a more trustworthy source of  payday loans , which are cash advances that have to be repaid by the next payday.
The loans are controversial because of their high interest rates and the fact that they often trap low-income individuals in a cycle of debt. A report from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau this years said more than 80 percent of payday loans are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks.
A  report this year from the USPS inspector general said the Postal Service could offer interest rates of 28 percent on payday loans, which would be far lower than the triple-digit rates that traditional lenders charge.
Payday lenders tend to set up shop in African-American and Hispanic communities, which is another reason the Leadership Conference has taken such an interest in Barnett’s stance toward the practice. The group sees an opportunity for the Postal Service, which  Americans largely trust , to provide cash advances in those communities at lower rates.
Barnett joined the postal board in 2006. The previous year, he opposed efforts by the New Mexico legislature to impose stricter regulations on payday lenders, such as limiting delinquency fees and requiring lenders to forgive loans once a customer has paid twice the amount that was borrowed.
Working as an attorney, Barnett argued in one case that borrowers must settle disputes with lenders through arbitration rather than through the courts, and that no such restrictions should apply to lenders. The New Mexico Supreme Court unanimously rejected that position  as “substantively unconscionable and therefore unenforceable.”
The Postal Service has long provided financial services, including money orders and international money transfers. It also offered savings accounts until 1967.
Researchers have estimated that the agency could bring in nearly $9 billion annually by capturing 10 percent of the market from Americans on the fringes of the banking system, according to the inspector general’s report.
But industry groups such as the American Bankers Association have pushed back against further USPS forays into the financial-services, arguing that the agency could have unfair advantages — theoretically through fewer regulations and the perception of being government-endorsed.
Any major policy changes for the Postal Service require congressional approval, so the agency’s board of governors could not act alone on the payday-loan matter. But Barnett would still play a deciding role if the Senate confirms him for another term.
The USPS has not provided a statement from Barnett or a reaction to the Leadership Conference’s concerns, despite several requests from the Federal Eye on Wednesday.
Josh Hicks covers the federal government and anchors the Federal Eye blog. He reported for newspapers in the Detroit and Seattle suburbs before joining the Post as a contributor to Glenn Kessler’s Fact Checker blog in 2011.

Manila Mart  catering to Pinoys and fanboys alikeBy Tim Carman December 4 Follow @timcarman
Non-Pinoys aren’t so fond of pancit palabok, the woman at Manila Mart told me as she prepared a fresh batch of the Filipino comfort food. They tend to recoil, like vampires, from all the garlic, she said.
Okay, she didn’t drop the vampire reference, but she did emphasize the dish also includes smoked fish flakes called tinapa, which non-natives apparently fear more than death, clowns and Guy Fieri’s donkey sauce . Well, she didn’t say anything about circus performers or equine-named gravies, either, but she did offer to prepare a sample, so I wouldn’t waste my money and, by extension, her labors.
Pancit palabok, a pungent noodle dish with egg, shrimp, garlic and pork rinds served at Manila Mart. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
What she handed me was not a tiny Dixie-cup sample, but a decent-sized Styrofoam bowl that would have sold for $15 on 14th Street NW. Manila Mart’s pancit palabok starts with a tangle of rice noodles coated in a shrimp sauce, garnished with slices of hard-boiled egg, curls of cooked shrimp, scallions and a breadcrumb-like crust of tinapa, crushed pork rinds and fried garlic crumbles. The richness, the funk, the crunch, the pungency, the fishiness: Your palate won’t know which way to turn.
To prove that non-Pinoys can be fanboys of pancit palabok, I walked back to the prep area to show the employee my Styrofoam bowl, all but licked clean. “So you like it?” she asked. Not only do I like it, but pancit palabok has become the new romance in my life.
Filipino food is enjoying a moment in Washington. It’s been dragged from the shadows by such chefs as Katsuya Fukushima (whose izakaya brunch at Daikaya includes a sisig pork hash) and Cathal Armstrong (who features refined Pinoy dishes at Restaurant Eve as a nod to his Filipino-American wife and partner, Meshelle), as well as restaurateurs Nick Pimentel and Genevieve Villamora (whose recent Bad Saint pop-up had a line of people waiting to try it ).
Customers gather around Emma and Antonio Bioc's Filipino food at Manila Mart in Beltsville. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
But for every chef-driven Filipino plate, there must be three home-style Pinoy restaurants laboring in some suburban black hole without media scrutiny and the instant hipster cachet such attention generates. Take, for example, Manila Mart, which is crammed into a strip-center storefront in Beltsville with security bars covering its windows. The facade all but screams: Eat pavement and go elsewhere.
Don’t be fooled: Owned by Filipino natives Antonio and Emma Bioc, Manila Mart may lack atmosphere, but it radiates kindness. Their cafe, with its small clutch of tables, sits in back of the market. From Wednesday through Sunday, the Biocs and team prepare a rotating menu of Filipino favorites, some of which are not displayed on the steam table where all business is conducted. Emma and/or her daughter, Kate Magno, will happily explain every dish available that day, providing samples as needed to sate your curiosity, if not your appetite.
The steam table at Manila Mart in Beltsville. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
It’s easy to understand why chefs have latched onto umami-rich Filipino cuisine. Its cooking borrows from cultures near and far, from China to Mexico, and its blunt flavors are as subtle as Imelda Marcos’s shoe closet. Besides, Filipinos love pork more than David Chang and Sean Brock on a weekend bender in North Carolina. Start with Manila Mart’s pork skewers, which are marinated and grilled, the char darting in and around the sweet-soy flavors. The meat’s tenderness is derived from the same source as its sweetness: the Sprite in the marinade.
Barbecued pork skewers at Manila Mart in Beltsville. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
The skewers are available every day the cafe is open for business. Same for some other plates, including lechon kawali, a slab of boiled-and-fried pork belly, which sounds like a State Fair dare until you bite into it. The crackly exterior quickly gives way to a lush, fatty interior, as yielding as corn pudding. You will eat more than any doctor would advise. The simmered pork in the dinuguan may be an acquired taste: Known as “chocolate meat,” because of the pork’s cocoa-liquor-like sauce, the dish assaults the nostrils with its barnyard aromas and then moves to the palate with its minerally and sour flavors. Dinuguan owes its funkiness to such hardcore ingredients as pig’s blood and palm vinegar.
Dinuguan, a traditional Filipino stew made with pig’s blood and palm vinegar. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
Filipino cuisine, of course, is not an immutable, impermeable object, identical on every one of the 7,107 islands in the archipelago. Emma Bioc, for example, hails from the Bulacan province, famous for its sweets (some of which, such as puto, these tiny muffin-poppers split at the top and exploding with cheddar cheese, can be found pre-packaged on the counter). But she ventures into other areas, such as Bicol, a major Filipino coconut-producing region and the spiritual home of Bicol express, a stew of semi-spicy pork simmered in coconut milk. In Bioc’s hands, the dish expertly balances sweet with heat.
The sheer diversity of dishes at Manila Mart is jaw-dropping for such a small operation. The signature sourness in the tender beef steak, or bistek as it’s known in the Philippines, may taste like lemon juice, but it’s actually the liquid from the Filipino counterpart, this tart little orb called calamansi. The bone-in oxtail in the kare-kare luxuriates in a peanut sauce enriched with the drippings from that long-braised meat. The dense collardlike taro leaves in the house-made laing dish, another Bicol specialty, add a bitter, earthy element to the coconut milk infused with shrimp paste. And the slices of bitter melon in the ginisang ampalaya are no joke: They’d curl the tongue of an amari -aholic.
Kare-kare, a dish of beef oxtail in a peanut stew, served at Manila Mart in Beltsville. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
But no matter what you order, here’s the thing to remember about Manila Mart: The Biocs want to ease you into Filipino cooking. So they dial down the pungent and pepper qualities that may make non-Pinoys nervous, allowing diners to customize their meal at the table. It may be a courtesy to American customers, but it doesn’t taste like a cheat to Filipino cooking.
MANILA MART

Fiduciary services industry eyes new marketsGuernsey fiduciary services industry targets new markets
Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21a10226-73d4-11e4-82a6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE Sensex rises 88 pts on capital inflows  mixed global cuesDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Rising for the second consecutive session, the benchmark BSE Sensex gained over 88 points in early trade today on sustained foreign capital inflows coupled with a mixed trend on other Asian bourses.
The 30-share index, which had gained 120.11 points in the previous session, gathered another 88.93 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 28,651.75 with oil & gas, metals and capital goods sectors leading the rise.
The NSE Nifty also shot up by 15.15 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 8,579.55.
Brokers said besides sustained foreign capital inflows and increased buying by retail investors, a mixed trend at other Asian bourses amid the European Central Bank deciding not to expand its stimulus for now, influenced trading sentiments.
Shares of state-run SAIL fell by 0.94 per cent to Rs 84.55 after the government yesterday fixed the floor price for its stake sale at Rs 83 per share, which can raise Rs 1,500-1,700 crore for the exchequer in the first disinvestment under the new regime.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.32 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei fell 0.37 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 0.07 per cent lower in yesterday’s trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Al Qaeda s Yemen branch issues new video purporting to show US captivePrint
This image made from video posted online by Islamix state militants on Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014, which has been verified and is consistent with other AP reporting, shows Luke Somers, an American photojournalist born in Britain and held hostage by al-Qaida's branch in Yemen. (Source:AP)
By: Associated Press | Sanaa (yemen) |
Posted: December 4, 2014 4:42 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:43 pm
Al-Qaida’s branch in Yemen threatened an American hostage who was the target of a rescue attempt by U.S. special forces last month, warning Washington in a video released on December 4 not to try again, and giving it three days to meet unspecified demands.
“My life is in danger,” Luke Somers says in the footage, which appeared to mimic hostage videos released by al-Qaida’s rival, the Islamic State group.
It was the first word from the 33-year-old photojournalist since he was snatched from the streets of Sanaa more than a year ago. He had been working for nearly three years in the impoverished Arab nation, “living as a normal Yemeni,” friends and colleagues told The Associated Press.
In a video post of their own, Somers’ mother and brother said Somers was “only trying to do good things for the Yemeni population” and pleaded with his captors to spare him. “Luke is only a photojournalist and is not responsible for any actions the U.S. government has taken,” Somers’ brother, Jordan, said in the footage posted on YouTube.
Noting that her son “appears healthy” in his captors’ video, Paula Somers said: “We thank you for that. Please show mercy and give us an opportunity to see our Luke again.”
In a statement earlier Thursday, Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby acknowledged for the first time that a raid last month had sought to rescue Somers but that he turned out not to be at the site.
White House spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan also said President Barack Obama had authorized a rescue operation to free Somers and other hostages but “regrettably, Luke was not present.”
In the three-minute video, Somers appears somber and gives a brief statement in English, asking for help.
“It’s now been well over a year since I’ve been kidnapped in Sanaa,” Somers says in the footage posted on the al-Qaida offshoot’s Twitter account. “Basically, I’m looking for any help that can get me out of this situation. I’m certain that my life is in danger. So as I sit here now, I ask, if anything can be done, please let it be done. Thank you very much.”
Also speaking in the video, a local al-Qaida commander, Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi, denounced American “crimes” against the Muslim world, including U.S.-led airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
He condemned the rescue attempt, calling it a “foolish action” and warned against any more such “stupidities.” He acknowledged that an “elite continued…

Militants attack Army camp in Uri  seven killedLetters to the editor
A Lt Colonel and six Army personnel besides three policemen were killed in a pre-dawn attack by militants today on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district which is going to polls on December 9.
Five militants were also among those killed in the attack that comes just four days ahead of third phase of Assembly polls in Uri and six other constituencies of Baramulla district.
Militants carried out the attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri tehsil at around 3.10 AM and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
Uri, which is near the Line of Control, is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to campaign on Monday.
Official sources said seven Army personnel including a Lt Col, three policemen and five militants were among those killed in the attacks.
Army, however, confirmed the killing of only four personnel including the Lt Col.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, “It is possible that this has happened because of elections… We will eliminate the remaining militants who are trapped.”
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a “desperate attempt” to disrupt peace and normalcy.
“Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy,” he tweeted.
Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and army were responding to the attack.
“Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It’s an ongoing encounter,” he said.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.
TAGS: Kashmir Militants Attack
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

BJP flies off the handle over Kejriwal s business class ticketBJP flies off the handle over Kejriwal's business class ticket
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New De;hi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 11:44 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 11:46 IST(5/12/2014)
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal flying business class on Thursday has caused a furore with alleged BJP supporters attacking him on social media for ‘living lavishly’.
Advertisement
But AAP supporters retaliated in equal measure. Musician Vishal Dadlani tweeted: “Any person knows when an organisation decides to give someone an award, & invite that person, they send tickets.”
Kejriwal is scheduled to deliver a speech at the Columbia University on Sunday. He has been invited to speak at the School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA). The speech is one of his most important engagements in the packed schedule for New York.
The AAP convenor left for a five-day trip to Dubai and New York on Thursday afternoon. He will be in Dubai till Saturday evening from where he will proceed to New York.
“No fundraising programme has been planned or proposed for Dubai as has been wrongly reported by a section of the media,” said a statement by the party.
AAP member Ankit Lal tweeted: “You targeted muffler, we replied with #MufflerMan. You targeted donations, we replied with #Donate4RT. You target foreign trip! Reply on way!”
A needless controversy has also been created about Kejriwal’s travel plans, the party said in a press statement.
“The party wants to make it clear that the entire programme for Kejriwal’s five-day trip has already been made public and the ticket for his tour has been arranged by his IIT batch mates and organizers. The party is surprised at the attempts to rake up an unnecessary issue when all details are in the public domain,” it said.  
“AAP puts all details about its funds and sources in the public domain and challenges other political parties to reveal their sources of funds,” the statement read.

Sehwag  Yuvraj  Zaheer  Gambhir  Harbhajan dropped from WC2015 squad. Did they deserve a second chanceCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Watch  PK  song: Anushka Sharma finds a new  Nanga Punga Dost  in Aamir KhanWritten by Dimpal Bajwa , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:53 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 12:59 pm
The makers of much-awaited P.K. released a new song ‘Nanga Punga Dost’ featuring Aamir Khan and Anushka Sharma. The song has raised our expectations and made us even more curious to watch the film.
Anushka Sharma, who plas a journalist named Jagat Janani, finds a tinga tinga nanga punga dost in Aamir, who is continously seen looking for something.
With Aamir Khan heading for some or the other trouble and Anushka coming to her rescue each time, the song engages the viewers throughout. We also see the actor flaunt his six-pack abs. The funny dance moves by Anushka and Aamir will definitely bring a smirk on your face.
The music of the song has been composed by Shantanu Moitra and has been sung by Shreya Ghoshal. Her voice has done justice to the characters.
Produced and directed by Rajkumar Hirani, PK is slated for a December 18 release. Apart from Aamir and Anushka, we will also see Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani, Saurabh Shukla and Sanjay Dutt play pivotal roles in the film.

Eric Garner death: Thousands protest on New York streetsThousands of protesters clogged streets in New York and other major US cities for a second straight night on Thursday to condemn police killings of young black suspects.
The largely peaceful demonstrations came as details emerged of another racially tinged death.
America's largest city of 8.4 million again saw bursts of outrage after a grand jury on Wednesday decided not to indict a white officer for the death by chokehold of an unarmed black father-of-six.
Demonstrators blocked roads, tunnels and bridges, with many of them shouting "I can't breathe" - the words that heavy-set asthma sufferer Eric Garner, 43, gasped repeatedly as police wrestled and held him to the ground during his arrest in July for selling un-taxed cigarettes.
Video of the arrest has been aired repeatedly on TV. Garner, a father of six, died of what was called a heart attack.
Dozens of people were arrested in Thursday's rallies, the New York Times reported, quoting police.
Demonstrations were also held in Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington DC, where they snarled traffic near the White House as President Barack Obama lit the national Christmas tree.
As helicopters hovered above, thousands of activists massed in New York's Foley Square, near the city police headquarters shouting "Shut it down" and carrying placards saying "Black Lives Matter" and "Racism Kills."
"We cannot tolerate police impunity. The government has to do something. They have a video showing what happened," said a 40-year-old demonstrator who gave his name only as Jonathan.
Police sealed off the Holland Tunnel, the key road link into New Jersey as US media reported that thousands streamed up the west side of Manhattan, clogging streets in downtown Manhattan and shutting traffic on the Manhattan Bridge heading to Brooklyn.
Another group marched across the Brooklyn Bridge, with a black banner that said "this stops today" and 10 black coffins inscribed with names of people killed by police in different city boroughs.
Hundreds then continued the march through Brooklyn, followed by police but an AFP reporter saw no incidents of unrest.
Another controversy
National controversy over Garner's death and a series of other incidents were fanned further Thursday by a damning US federal investigation which concluded that police in Cleveland routinely employ "excessive force."
In Arizona meanwhile, police said a white officer shot dead a 34-year-old black man during a confrontation outside a convenience store.
Phoenix police said the officer involved shot dead Rumain Brisbon after mistakenly believing he was reaching for a gun inside his jacket. In fact he was unarmed.
The killing is the latest of several cases since the death of Garner which have triggered a national debate about how minorities are treated by police and the American criminal justice system.
Police shot dead a 12-year-old boy in Cleveland last month while another grand jury last week decided not to prosecute a white officer in Ferguson, Missouri who killed unarmed black teen Michael Brown in August.
'Black Lives Matter'
Protests in New York have been overwhelmingly peaceful but police arrested 83 people following Wednesday's decision not to press charges in Garner's death.
At the Manhattan ferry terminal to Staten Island, the New York borough where Garner died, protesters briefly tried to break apart metal barriers erected by police.
"Here you can beg for your life but the police will not care," said protester Margarita Rosario, whose 18-year-old son Anthony and nephew were killed by New York police in 1995.
"Nothing will change here until people will react like in Ferguson," said Rosario, who lives in the Bronx.
'Systemic deficiencies'
The federal investigation into policing in Cleveland began 18 months ago and was not linked specifically to the killing on November 22 of black 12-year-old Tamir Rice in a city playground by police.
Officers responded to a report that a youth was brandishing a gun, but Rice was later found to be carrying a toy, and a video of the incident showed police opening fire within seconds of their arrival.
"We have determined that there is reasonable cause to believe that the Cleveland Division of Police engages in a pattern or practice of using excessive force," US attorney general Eric Holder said.
He blamed this on "systemic deficiencies, including insufficient accountability, inadequate training and equipment, ineffective policies and inadequate engagement with the community."
Holder has said federal civil rights investigations were being held both the death of Brown in Ferguson and Garner in New York.
"In recent days, millions of people throughout the nation have come together - bound by grief and anguish - in response to the tragic deaths of Michael Brown... and Eric Garner," Holder said.
"And as President Obama and I have indicated, the time has come to do even more."
Obama, America's first black president, briefly addressed the inherent mistrust many black Americans have of police.
"We recognise this is an American problem and not just a black problem or a brown problem," Obama said.

SAIL stake sale begins; OFS subscribed 0.61 times sofarSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Government’s disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL’s share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government’s stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi’s listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
“OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government,” a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
“Retail investors category was… hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS,” the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

Britains FTSE index rebounds ahead of US jobs dataBritain’s FTSE index rebounds ahead of US jobs data
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 5:  
Britain’s top share index bounced back in morning trading on Friday, led higher by financial stocks, with investors betting that US jobs data will show signs of strength in the world’s biggest economy.
US non-farm payrolls probably rose 230,000 jobs last month after rising by 214,000 in October, according to a Reuters survey. November would mark the 10th straight month that job growth has exceeded 200,000, the longest such stretch since 1994.
“The Fed has successfully ended its bond purchase programme and we expect a rate hike in the middle of the next year. Until then, the Fed is not likely to change its policy. Therefore, I expect that a good labour market report today would have a positive impact on the market,’’ UniCredit strategist Christian Stocker said.
The blue-chip FTSE 100 was up 0.7 per cent at 6,728.72 points by 0921 GMT, after closing 0.6 per cent lower in the previous session following a drop in commodity stocks and disappointment at a lack of concrete, new economic stimulus measures from the European Central Bank.
Banking stocks were the top gainers, with the UK banking index rising 1.1 per cent, helped by a 1.1 to 1.7 per cent rise in the shares of Barclays, HSBC and Royal Bank Scotland.
British testing company Intertek Group rose 4 per cent, top gainer in the FTSE 100 index, supported by broker upgrades. Deutsche Bank raised its stance for the stock to “buy’’ from “hold’’, while UBS raises its rating for the company to “buy’’ from “neutral’’.
Mid-cap Berkeley rose 5.9 per cent after London-focused housebuilder said its half-year pre-tax profit rose by 80 per cent to £305 million due to strong demand in the capital, with the firm expecting to meet full-year market expectations.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Beach festival in Mangaluru fromDecember 20Beach festival in Mangaluru from December 20
Our Bureau
B Ramanatha Rai, Minister in charge of Dakshina Kannada district, releasing the T-shirt and cap of the beach festival in Mangaluru on Friday.
Mangaluru, Dec 5:  
The Dakshina Kannada district administration will organise a beach festival in Mangaluru from December 20-30, according to B Ramanatha Rai, Minister in charge of the district.
Releasing the logo for the beach festival in Mangaluru on Friday, he said the beach festival is one of the important events of ‘Karavali Utsav’, which is held in the district every year.
Speaking on the occasion, Yatish Baikampady, one of the organisers of the beach festival and Chief Executive Officer of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project, said the organisers have decided to merchandise the beach tourism potential of the district.
As a part of this, T-shirts and caps of the beach festival will be sold at cost price. The organisers will assess the demand for these items on social media sites such as Facebook, he said.
Another attraction of the event will be the coastal food festival. Added to this, it has been decided to organise a Kerala and Gujarati food festival this year, he said.
Fun games such as beach kabaddi, beach cricket, and beach volleyball will also be organised during the festival period, Baikampady said.
Rai said the district administration has been conducting beach festivals for many years with the intention of highlighting the cuisine and culture of the region, along with the beaches of Dakshina Kannada.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

I liked the concept of Tu Mera Hero : AkhilendraMishraBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:38 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:22 pm
Actor Akhilendra Mishra, who is starring in a new TV comedy ‘Tu Mera Hero’, says the plot of the show attracted him to try his luck in a fuuny role for the first time.
The 54-year-old ‘Chandrakanta’ actor said the show is different from other daily soaps on TV.
“The show has a different approach and audience will not get bored of the content. ‘Tu Mera Hero’ follows the concept of situational comedy, which is rarely seen on TV these days. I liked the concept of the show.
“The idea was to bring something new and it should not be repetitive and boring. Every character in the show have different shades,” said Mishra.
The Star Plus’ show is a family drama that traces the journey of two young neighbours’ unconventional love story with a tinge of comedy.
On the show, Mishra will be seen playing the role of a strict father who keeps scolding his son for wasting time. Priyanshu Jora will play the lead character Titu. Jora was last seen in a small role in Anil Kapoor’s miniseries ’24’.
The 21-year-old actor said he relates to the character well. “I can relate to it because in reality I am somewhat like that. That doesn’t mean that I am lazy in real life but there are many shades in the character of Titu which reflect a part of me on the show,” he said.
‘Bade Ache Lagte Hain’ actress Sonia Balani stars opposite Jora on the show. She plays a perfectionist who wants everything in place.
“My character is always lost in her dream world and craves to have a perfect romance in life,” she said about her role.
Shot in Mathura, the show will start from December 22.

Putin promises economic reforms to pull Russia out of impendingrecessionBy: Associated Press | Moscow |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:35 pm
Russia will defend its geopolitical interests, President Vladimir Putin warned Thursday as he promised economic reforms to pull his country back from the brink of recession. But Putin’s patriotic bluster and vague promises did little to assuage real fears that Western sanctions, plummeting oil prices and a collapsing ruble are crippling Russia’s economy.
In his annual state-of-the-nation address at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Putin announced measures to spur the country’s flagging economy, which is set to enter recession in 2015 for the first time in six years.
“The quality and size of the Russian economy must correspond to our geopolitical and historical role,” Putin said. “We must get out of this zero-growth trap and in the next three or four years raise our growth to above-average global levels.”
Putin proposed a three-year freeze on tax inspections for companies as well as a tax amnesty for money brought back to Russia from abroad. But in a disappointment to investors, he offered no broader plan for pulling Russia out of its economic downturn.
“His freedom of maneuver is limited now and many important economic factors no longer depend on him: the ruble rate, the price of oil, inflation,” said Moscow-based analyst Maria Lipman. “No matter what Putin says, whether he sounds conciliatory and reassuring or bellicose and threatening, this would not affect those basic factors.”
Putin spent much of his speech blaming his country’s economic woes on the West, which he accused of wanting to dismember Russia like Yugoslavia, which broke up amid wars in the 1990s. Putin said the United States and Europe would have imposed sanctions and found other pretexts for holding Russia back even if tensions had not erupted in Ukraine this year.
“The politics of containment were not invented yesterday. … The more we retreat and justify ourselves, the more brazen our opponents become and the more cynically and aggressively they behave,” Putin said, adding that “no one will succeed in defeating Russia militarily.”
He blamed the volatility of the ruble, which has lost about 40 percent of its value against the dollar this year, on speculators, and praised the Russian central bank’s decision to allow the currency to float freely. The ruble fell further as he spoke.
He skimmed over more concrete issues affecting Russian consumers, such as the rapid rise in prices and an expected decline in living standards, instead portraying the difficulties as a necessary part of Russia’s patriotic struggle.
“This year, as in many fateful historical moments, our people clearly displayed national revival, firm resistance and patriotism,” Putin said. “And the difficulties we encountered will create new opportunities for continued…

Reserve Bank to bring out consumer rights ch...Reserve Bank of India to bring out charter on consumer rights
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.36PM IST
The move is aimed at curbing instances of ponzi and online lottery schemes, a senior Reserve Bank of India official said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: The RBI is working towards bringing out a charter on consumer rights to curb instances of ponzi and online lottery schemes , a senior Bank official said here today.
"There has been large instances of online lottery scam asking people to pay service charge in order to release large sum. Unfortunately, quite a few consumers do fall prey to it", Reserve Bank of India Executive Director, Umashankar Paliwal, said.
He was speaking at a two-day conference on Consumer Product Safety, organised by Consumer Association of India, here.
It was inaugurated by United States Consul General, Phillip Min.
Paliwal said a large number of people who were victims of such scams had sought RBI action against such companies.
Appealing to people not to fall prey to such schemes, he said Reserve Bank was working on Charter on Consumer Rights.
"Basically, this Charter covers such as Right to Fair Treatment, Right to Transparency, Fair and honest dealing, Right to Suitability, Right to Privacy, Right to Grievance Redress and Compensation to the consumers", he said.
"Boards of Banks will be passing that charter and we will be monitoring it", he said.

12th Plan mid-term appraisal this fiscal: Go...As against the target of 8% annual growth, the first two years, 2012-13 and 2013-14, of the 12th Plan realised growth rates of 4.5% and 4.7% respectively, Minister of State for Ministry of Planning Rao Inderjit Singh said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The mid-term appraisal of the 12th Five-Year Plan (2012-17), which envisages annual economic growth rate of 8 per cent, is scheduled for the current fiscal ending March 31, Parliament was informed today.
"The targets for the Five Year Plan are generally reassessed at the time of mid-term appraisal (MTA). The MTA of the 12th Plan is scheduled to be conducted in 2014-15," Minister of State for Ministry of Planning Rao Inderjit Singh said in a written reply in Lok Sabha today.
He was replying to a question whether the government has reviewed the projected growth rate of the country.
The National Development Council (NDC) had initially projected an average annual growth rate of 9 per cent in the 12th Plan. However, it was revised to 8 per cent on increased economic uncertainty globally as well as domestically, the Minister said.
As against the target of 8 per cent annual growth, the first two years, 2012-13 and 2013-14, of the 12th Plan realised growth rates of 4.5 per cent and 4.7 per cent respectively, he added.
Delay in project completion, muted business sentiment, high inflation, tight monetary policy and deteriorating global economic environment are among the factors adversely affecting economic growth of India, the minister said.
"Make in India campaign has recently been launched for boosting industrial confidence and performance by facilitating investment, fostering innovation, enhancing skill development and protecting intellectual property," Singh said.
He said measures such as FDI in defence, construction and insurance; incentives to real estate investment, setting-up price stabilisation fund to check price volatility in farm produce, provision for long term rural credit, building new airports at tier I and II cities have been introduced to revive growth in manufacturing, infrastructure and agriculture.

Lenovo launches S580 smartphone priced at Rs 8 999; open for pre-order on SnapdealGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Lenovo today announced the launch of S580, a new addition to its popular S-series smartphones – priced at Rs 8,999, the device will be available for pre-order exclusively on Snapdeal from today.
The Lenovo S580 looks to combines sleek design elements with quad-core performance, laser-etched fabric-feel rear cover and 12.7 cms wide-view HD display.
The S580 is powered by a 1.2GHz Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ quad-core processor running on Android Jelly Bean (upgradable to Android 4.4 KitKat), suitable for gaming, music and videos.
The smartphone packs a 8MP rear and 2MP front cameras.
“The S580 is an amalgamation of stylish design, fast processing speeds, and integrated Lenovo proprietary apps available at sub-Rs 10k price category,” Sudhin Mathur, Director – Smartphones, Lenovo India said.
“The great value that the S series smartphones offer make it the ideal choice for first time smartphone users and those looking to upgrade from a feature phone,” said Tony Navin, Senior Vice President – Electronics & Home, Snapdeal.
The S580 has an integrated 8 GB storage expandable up to 32 GB and comes with a dual SIM capability. It also comes loaded with Lenovo Premium DOit Apps that lets you transfer data to friends, speed up your device, and sync your contacts seamlessly sync.
Specifications

11 securitymen dead in attack on Uri Army camp | Top LeT commander gunned down11 securitymen, 6 militants killed in attack on Uri Army camp
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRINAGAR: Militants today struck in a big way two days ahead of the Prime Minister's visit to Jammu and Kashmir, storming an Army camp in Uri in Baramulla district, killing 11 security personnel, including a Lt Col, and following it up with multiple attacks in Srinagar Tral and Shopian.
A top LeT commander and seven militants were also killed in the incidents that left one civilian dead.
In a pre-dawn attack ahead of third phase of J-K Assembly elections on December 9, heavily armed militants killed 8 Army men and three policemen around 3.10 AM at the army camp in Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir's Baramulla district.
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said.
Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar of Punjab Regiment and seven Army personnel were among the dead. While bodies of four army personnel were charred, one had burn injuries and the other three had bullet injuries, the sources said.
Six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, 2 Night Vision Binoculars, 4 Radio Sets, 32 unused Grenades, one Medical Kit and a large quantity of miscellaneous warlike stores were recovered from the dead terrorists.
Uri is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi is due to campaign on Monday. The sources said that Modi will go ahead with his visit to the Valley where he is slated to address a rally.
In Rajouri of Jammu region, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said Pakistan should immediately take steps to stop this. "If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this, then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them.
He said infiltration continues from across the border and the militants enter from Pakistan and create destruction here. "Is Pakistan not answerable to this?" he asked.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, "It is possible that this has happened because of elections."
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a "desperate attempt" to disrupt peace and normalcy.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," he tweeted.
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.

Don t replace Gandhi with others on banknote..."The Committee decided that no other personality could better represent the ethos of India than Mahatma Gandhi," FM Arun Jaitley said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A Reserve Bank panel has decided against the inclusion of any other national leader's image on banknotes saying that no other personality could better represent the ethos of India than Mahatma Gandhi.
On the advice of government, RBI had constituted a Committee for designing future currency note in October 2010, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
He said the Committee, inter alia, deliberated on the issue of changing the existing image of Mahatma Gandhi and inclusion of certain other personalities in the new design of banknotes.
"After due consideration, the Committee decided that no other personality could better represent the ethos of India than Mahatma Gandhi," Jaitley said.
In reply to a question, Jaitley said during the last three years RBI has received 21 complaints abut circulation of fake currency through Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) installed by various public/private banks.
"RBI seeks a report upon receiving a complaint in this regard and takes such action as deemed fit based on the report, including issue of advisory to the concerned bank...," he said.
RBI has issued instructions to banks that banknotes in denominations of Rs 100 and above should be re-issued by banks over their counters or through ATMs only if these banknotes are duly checked for authenticity/genuineness and fitness by machines.

Building practices for the futureUpdated: December 5, 2014 16:08 IST
Building practices for the future
Soujanya Krishnaprasad
Special Arrangement
The Sacred Groves housing project was envisaged primarily to solve the problem of affordable living in Auroville.
Special Arrangement
Discarded petrol pipe sheets used for shutters
Special Arrangement
Re-used Tetra Pak cartons converted to roofing sheets
Special Arrangement
Adding to the self-sustaining character of the proposed community, the method of construction is also quite unlike a typical construction project.
Special Arrangement
Re-using waste building rubble (from various Auroville and Pondicherry sites) to construct houses made of earth concrete – a much less cement-intensive building material
TOPICS
environmental issues
Sacred Groves in Auroville is being built using ecologically sensitive construction methods and material.
Overflowing landfills, extinct animals, reducing green cover and increasing pollution — this is part of the 21st century environmental jargon. In order to make a substantial enough impact and avoid the planet’s impending doom, holistic change at the micro level is necessary. At the end of this solution, not only does the planet need to continue sustaining life, people also need to have fulfilling lives.
The Sacred Groves housing project was envisaged primarily to solve the problem of affordable living in Auroville. Going beyond the tag of affordable, it encompasses ecological living in a holistic way that attends to man’s needs without exorbitant energy consumption. Passive cooling systems with solar chimneys, localised food production in gardens and orchards, and solar and wind energy projects are some of the features it incorporates. The plan is to achieve this by providing low-cost, low-maintenance, off-grid ecological housing.
Adding to the self-sustaining character of the proposed community, the method of construction is also quite unlike a typical construction project. Earthcrete is the primary material used, which mostly consists of demolition rubble, which would otherwise end up in landfills and wetlands. Shuttering is made using petroleum pipes, another waste product but highly durable.
The writer is a final year architecture intern at Auroville
Smartly sustainable - Re-using building rubble to create earth concrete — a far less cement-intensive building material - Re-cycling wood from packing crates - Re-using discarded petrol pump pipes for shuttering - Re-using Tetra Pak cartons to make innovative furniture - Re-using, re-cycling and composting as much as possible - Judiciously using scarce resources like energy and water

BSE Sensex Falls Over 100 Points  IT Stocks WeighYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex Falls Over 100 Points, IT Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 16:12 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The BSE Sensex and Nifty ended lower on Friday after sharp losses in IT and healthcare stocks. The Sensex fell 104 points to 28,458 while Nifty ended at 8,538, down 26 points.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava said as long as Nifty holds the 8450-8500 range, it could move up to 8,800 levels. But if it falls below 8368 levels, the selling pressure could accelerate, he added.
Traders attributed the selloff in IT and pharma stocks to the cross-currency impact, following the dollar's surge against major global currencies. Besides, seasonally the third quarter is a seasonally weak quarter for Indian outsourcers. The BSE IT index fell 1.8 per cent while the healthcare index fell 1.4 per cent.
Among IT stocks, Infosys and HCL Tech fell nearly 1.5 per cent while Wipro and TCS declined over 2 per cent. Among pharma stocks, Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's fell between 1.8 per cent and 2.3 per cent.
Buying in select banking stocks and ITC helped cap the losses for Sensex. PNB, Bank of Baroda and Kotak Mahindra Bank rose between 1.5-2 per cent. Banking stocks have outperformed in the recent rally on continued hope of rate cuts.
Shares in ITC were up 2 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 5.5 per cent surge on a likely hold on loose cigarette ban. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:12 (IST)

A Beautiful Day - Office in the cloudSubmit
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about money control privacy statement click here
  Please wait...
Partner Opportunity in the Microsoft Ecosystem
The Total Economic Impact Of Microsoft Lync 2013
Microsoft Office Crosses The Cloud Rubicon
Five keys to partner success in SMB with Office 365
50 ways to use Office 365 for Education
Modernizing your workplace with the new Office
How to build high-performance cloud businesses
WAIT!
Get latest Whitepapers that will  help you enhance your business
Name*

German factory orders rise strongly in October...and
versions
BERLIN (AP) — German factory orders rose strongly in October in a development that's likely to ease concerns over the state of Europe's largest economy, though the country's central bank cautioned Friday that it expects only modest growth over the winter.
October orders were up 2.5 percent over September, the Federal Statistical Office said. Domestic orders provided the main impetus behind the rise, spiking 5.3 percent. Foreign orders swelled only 0.6 percent.
The agency also upwardly revised the previous month to show a 1.1 percent rise.
Germany's economy contracted slightly in the second quarter but avoided recession with meager 0.1 percent growth in the third quarter.
UniCredit economist Andreas Rees says it is "too early to push the all-clear button" for the industrial sector, but that the factory order figures — which beat economists' forecast of a 0.5 percent rise — were a "promising start."
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, said it expects economic growth of 0.1 percent in the current quarter compared with the late summer, and only a slight acceleration to 0.2 percent in the first quarter.
"There is, however, a well-founded hope that the current phase of weakness will prove to be temporary," Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann said in a statement.
The central bank cut its forecast for full-year growth in 2014 to 1.4 percent from the 1.9 percent it predicted in June, an outlook that is still more optimistic than the 1.2 percent seen by the government.
It halved its 2015 outlook to 1 percent and said that growth could accelerate to 1.6 percent in 2016, rather than 1.8 percent as previously forecast.

France sells 49 percent stake in Toulouse airport... 
December 5, 2014 04:35 AM EST | Associated Press
PARIS (AP) — France's economy minister says the government is selling a 49.9 percent stake in the airport in Toulouse to a Chinese consortium looking to increase international air links in the south of France.
The Toulouse-Blagnac airport is also home to Airbus, which tests some of its largest aircraft there.
Economy minister Emmanuel Macron told La Depeche newspaper in an interview published Friday that the 308 million-euro ($381 million) stake went to the Symbiose consortium, which includes an aircraft leasing company already among Airbus' clients.
He said the airport itself — runway and buildings — would remain state property.
Macron criticized recent comments attacking the deal, saying he was having a "hard time" understanding why it's ok for the Chinese to buy planes but not part of an airport.

Europe bans imports from Ranbaxy s injectables unitRanbaxy says Europe bars imports from antibiotic injectables unit
Reuters –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014 5:25 PM IST
View Photo
A man rides a motorcycle in front of the office of Ranbaxy Laboratories at Gurgaon, on the outskirts of New Delhi, June 13, 2013. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/Files
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The European Union has banned imports from a Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd(RANB.NS) factory unit that makes injectable antibotics after the unit failed an inspection, the latest in a series of quality-related setbacks for the Indian drugmaker.
European authorities inspected all units at Ranbaxy's Dewas plant, in Madhya Pradesh, in June and did not approve the manufacturing practices at the unit that makes injectable cephalosporin antibiotics, Ranbaxy said in a stock market filing on Thursday.
All other units of the facility were approved, it said, adding the company had decided to stop producing cephalosporin injectables at Dewas before the inspection occurred.
"We wish to state that Ranbaxy's decision to discontinue manufacture of cephalosporin injectables would not have a significant impact on the business," Ranbaxy said.
All of Ranbaxy India-based factories, including Dewas, are already barred from exporting to the United States after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said its inspections found manufacturing quality lapses.
The latest EU ban on the Dewas plant was enforced after German regulators also found quality lapses during an inspection of the site. The European Medicines Agency, in its statement dated Nov. 26, did not specify, however, if the ban was on the oral or injectable cephalosporin antibiotics units.
An EMA spokeswoman said the German regulator's "non-compliance" report meant that "certain aseptically prepared sterile products" made at the Dewas unit could not be imported into the European Union.
Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by larger rival Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (SUN.NS), has previously said it was working on resolving problems at its plants to get the regulatory bans lifted.
The company gets more than half of its revenue from the United States. Western Europe accounted for about 8 percent of its global sales in the 15-months period ended March 2014, according to company filings.
Shares in Ranbaxy ended down 0.6 percent at 627.40 rupees. The broader Nifty was closed 0.3 percent higher.
(Reporting by Zeba Siddiqui in MUMBAI; Additional reporting by Ben Hirschler in LONDON; Editing by Sumeet Chatterjee and Miral Fahmy)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Govt Committed to Transparency in Governance: Dr. Jitendra Singh saysThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Starcom Information changes time of AGMDec 05, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Starcom Information changes time of AGM
Starcom Information Technology Ltd has now informed BSE that due to unavoidable circumstances, the time of AGM has been preponed. Accordingly, the AGM will be convened at 10.30 a.m. on December 23, 2014 at Bangalore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Starcom Information changes time of AGM
Starcom Information Technology Ltd has now informed BSE that due to unavoidable circumstances, the time of AGM has been preponed. Accordingly, the AGM will be convened at 10.30 a.m. on December 23, 2014 at Bangalore.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier letter dated November 08, 2014 regarding outcome of the board meeting held on that date, wherein it was informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the members of the Company will be held on December 31, 2014, at 2.30 p.m. at Bangalore.Starcom Information Technology Ltd has now informed BSE that due to unavoidable circumstances, the time of AGM has been preponed. Accordingly, the AGM will be convened at 10.30 a.m. on December 23, 2014 at Bangalore.Source : BSE

Libord Securities: Outcome of board meetingDec 05, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Libord Securities: Outcome of board meeting
Libord Securities Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. (Mrs.) Vandna Dangi has been appointed as an additional Director w.e.f. December 05, 2014 in the Board Meeting held on December 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Libord Securities: Outcome of board meeting
Libord Securities Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. (Mrs.) Vandna Dangi has been appointed as an additional Director w.e.f. December 05, 2014 in the Board Meeting held on December 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Libord Securities Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. (Mrs.) Vandna Dangi has been appointed as an additional Director w.e.f. December 05, 2014 in the Board Meeting held on December 05, 2014.Source : BSE

Futura Polyesters: Outcome of AGMDec 05, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Futura Polyesters: Outcome of AGM
Futura Polyesters Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on December 03, 2014 alongwith Scrutinizer Report.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Futura Polyesters: Outcome of AGM
Futura Polyesters Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on December 03, 2014 alongwith Scrutinizer Report.
Post your opinion here
 
Futura Polyesters Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on December 03, 2014 alongwith Scrutinizer Report.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

I think ur right...the market sentiment for pricol is fast changing an...Platinum Member
33 Followers
Hope it gets there. But dont write it off. The stock will recover next year. Best time to buy is in a crisis.
In reply to : Guest message
11.47 AM Dec 3rd

Dear hemant  you are right. however  next target in my opinion  should...New Member
0 Follower
Correction period is over now. Upward journey about to begin. Target 526 by in less than 2 weeks time. Happy Investing!!! - My target for India Nippon is Rs 526 for the short term with a stoploss of Rs 436
12.12 PM Dec 5th

Ask 6 weeks to "find" investor not to announce investor.... don`t do t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Now after this news boom boom time for sj for next 5 weeks...!!!!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

BSE Sensex posts first weekly fall in seven; closes lower onprofit-takingDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark Sensex today closed nearly 105 points down at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the BSE Sensex surged to the day’s high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points or 0.37 per cent. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
The gauge had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points. This is its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 constituents of 30-share Sensex including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
On similar lines, the 50-share Nifty index ended 26.10 points, or 0.30 per cent, lower at 8,538.30. Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE barometer.
It moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
“In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed indices in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government’s 5 per cent stake sale in steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorally, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Chief of Bureau CNBC-TV18Chief of Bureau
CNBC-TV18
Sajeet Manghat is a Chief of Bureau previously he was the Head of Research at CNBCTV18. He is BA (Hons) in Business Economics education from Delhi University
ABOUT Sajeet Manghat
Sajeet Manghat is a Chief of Bureau previously he was the Head of Research at CNBCTV18. He is BA (Hons) in Business Economics education from Delhi University

CMT www.malkansview.comDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Hack.summit() trumpets virtual tradeoffs  including flexible access0
San Francisco-based organizer Ed Roman, who is also the CEO of a live online programming help service called hack.hands(), said he has three goals for the summit: to educate developers, to encourage mentorship and to raise money for coding non-profits such as Code for America and Women Who Code. He said the cost of admission is a social media post about the event or a donation that will go to 16 designated non-profit beneficiaries.
Organizers gave groups such as Chicago Women Developers and Chicago City Data User Group free access codes, Roman said.
Speakers include GitHub CIO Scott Chacon, Code for America founder Jennifer Pahlka and Ruby On Rails creator David Heinemeier Hansson.
These types of speakers “normally are not available ever to speak at a conference, but because it’s virtual and a very easy commitment for them to make and because it’s for a good cause, they’ve agreed to participate,” Roman said. Instead of traveling to a particular location, speakers can join a Google Hangout from anywhere, chat live with Roman, then take audience questions.
Sergio Pereira, a software engineer at Trading Technologies, said he has been tuning in to live sessions on his lunch breaks and watching recorded talks after work. He noted “some interesting talks that may not have immediately useful advice but could be inspiring career-wise.”
Pereira said he missed the opportunity to network in person but applauded the convenience of attending hack.summit() from anywhere.
Alex Gaynor, a Chicago native and software engineer at managed cloud computing firm Rackspace, gave a talk Monday from San Francisco on applying peer review to writing software. He said he enjoyed the opportunity to share his message with so many people around the world. He said he usually addresses up to 1,000 people in person. On Monday, he spoke to 2,000 live and expects scores more to watch the recording of his talk.
Gaynor also expressed interest in a mentoring campaign, hack.pledge(), that launched with the summit. Organizers asked developers to sign up to give or receive one hour of mentoring in 2015.
Summit founder Roman acknowledged that the one-hour commitment is hardly enough to do much but said “it’s an easy way to get started with the idea of mentoring and giving back.”
Gaynor added: “I think it’s really great for a conference to really specifically dial in on trying to get folks involved in this specific thing.”

West Antarctic ice melt rate tripled: StudyIndia ranks 65th on tourism competitiveness index
The fastest-melting region of Antarctica is losing the equivalent weight in ice of Mount Everest every two years, with the melt rate of glaciers in the region tripling during the last decade, a new study has found.
The glaciers in the Amundsen Sea Embayment in West Antarctica are hemorrhaging ice faster than any other part of Antarctica and are the most significant Antarctic contributors to sea level rise, researchers said.
The study is the first to evaluate and reconcile observations from four different measurement techniques to produce an authoritative estimate of the amount and the rate of loss over the last two decades.
“The mass loss of these glaciers is increasing at an amazing rate,” said scientist Isabella Velicogna, jointly of the University of California, Irvine and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Lead author Tyler Sutterley, a UCI doctoral candidate, and his team did the analysis to verify that the melting in this part of Antarctica is shifting into high gear.
“Previous studies had suggested that this region is starting to change very dramatically since the 1990s, and we wanted to see how all the different techniques compared,” Sutterley said.
The researchers reconciled measurements of the mass balance of glaciers flowing into the Amundsen Sea Embayment.
Mass balance is a measure of how much ice the glaciers gain and lose over time from accumulating or melting snow, discharges of ice as icebergs, and other causes.
Measurements from all four techniques were available from 2003 to 2009. Combined, the four data sets span the years 1992 to 2013.
The glaciers in the embayment lost mass throughout the entire period. The researchers calculated two separate quantities: the total amount of loss, and the changes in the rate of loss.
The total amount of loss averaged 83 gigatonnes per year.
By comparison, Mt Everest weighs about 161 gigatonnes, meaning the Antarctic glaciers lost a Mt -Everest’s-worth amount of water weight every two years over the last 21 years.
The rate of loss accelerated an average of 6.1 gigatonnes per year since 1992.
From 2003 to 2009, when all four observational techniques overlapped, the melt rate increased an average of 16.3 gigatonnes per year – almost three times the rate of increase for the full 21-year period. The total amount of loss was close to the average at 84 gigatonnes.
TAGS: Antarctica Mount Everest
More from lifestyle
Sparks fly when egg meets sperm: Study Sparks fly when an egg meets sperm, according to a new study which found that the fertilised mammalian egg releases from its surface billions of zinc atoms that create tiny 'zinc sparks'.

Head (Equity Strategy) JefferiesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

AASU  AGP ask PM Narendra Modi not to endorse India-Bangla land transfer dealWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 4, 2014 8:41 pm | Updated: December 4, 2014 8:55 pm
Prime minister Narendra Modi and his BJP-led government’s endorsement of the erstwhile UPA government’s agreement with Bangladesh to transfer certain portions of land along the border continued to evoke protests in Assam, with the All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) and Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) staging separate demonstrations here on Thursday.
While the AASU took out torch-light protest marches in in all district towns condemning Modi’s announcement to support the UPA’s land transfer deal with Bangladesh, the AGP also took out protest marches across the state asking the BJP-led government not to hand over even one inch of Assam land to Bangladesh.
AGP protestors wore Modi masks and placards containing quotes like “I am anti-Assam”, “I cannot deport Bangaldeshis” and “I can’t keep my poll promises” and marched through major streets in Guwahati and other towns today. “The prime minister thinks the people of Assam are fools. The people however have understood that the BJP and Modi said one thing before the elections and just the opposite after elections,” said AGP president Atul Bora.
Bora also dismissed Modi’s announcement in Guwahati on Sunday that the land-transfer agreement when implemented would only help stop infiltration to Assam. “There is no link between the land-transfer agreement and stopping infiltration from Bangladesh. Modi is trying to fool the people of Assam. It is a total betrayal after Assam sent seven BJP MPs to Lok Sabha,” the AGP president said.
AASU general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi too hit out at prime minister Narendra Modi and the BJP for taking two opposite stand on the India-Bangladesh land transfer deal before and after elections. “Before Lok Sabha election the BJP sent senior leaders to Assam to stage demonstrations against the land transfer deal. Then BJP president Rajnath Singh and other senior leaders like Arun Jaitley and SS Ahluwalia had also openly opposed handing over Assam’s land to Bangladesh. But after winning elections and forming the government, it has changed its stand,” said AASU general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi.

Let Parliament function  Modi tells OppositionNew Delhi, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 09:22 IST
SADHVI'S REMARKS
Let Parliament function, Modi tells Opposition
National Bureau
File photo of Prime Minister Narendra Modi
PTI
File photo of Prime Minister Narendra Modi
TOPICS
Rajya Sabha
PM breaks silence in Rajya Sabha, says Minister has apologised
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday appealed to Opposition members to allow Parliament to function in the “national interest” as Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti had apologised for her remarks.
But an unrelenting Opposition paralysed the Rajya Sabha for the third day running, demanding the Minister’s dismissal and accusing her of insulting the Constitution with her remarks. Members boycotted the proceedings for the greater part of the day in the Lok Sabha.
Intervening in the Rajya Sabha during Zero Hour, Mr. Modi said he had “strongly disapproved” of Ms. Jyoti’s comments at the BJP Parliamentary Party meeting even before the House had taken up the matter.
“The Minister is new and she has come to Parliament for the first time. We are aware of her background . She has already apologised. There is a message in this for everyone about the dos and don’ts,” Mr. Modi said.
Anand Sharma (Congress) said, “the PM’s words are not adequate. You can call it a deadlock. It is government’s responsibility to break this.”
The Lok Sabha also witnessed exchanges between the Opposition and Speaker Sumitra Mahajan when Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge complained that the Speaker was not allowing his adjournment motion.

15 blinded after undergoing cataract surgery at eye camp in Punjab15 blinded after undergoing eye surgery in Punjab
Aseem Bassi , Hindustan Times  Amritsar, December 04, 2014
First Published: 22:10 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:56 IST(5/12/2014)
A police investigation was ordered after 15 elderly patients from Amritsar lost their vision after undergoing an operation in an eye camp conducted by a non-government organisation in neighbouring Gurdaspur district last week.
A patient who lost her eyesight after undergoing surgery in the eye camp. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
“All 15 patients have gone completely blind and there is no chance of their eyesight getting restored,” Amritsar civil surgeon Rajiv Bhalla told Hindustan Times on Thursday night.
All the patients belong to Gagomahal village in Ajnala, about 40 km from Amritsar.
The Amritsar district administration came to know about the shocking incident on Wednesday when the patients were brought to deputy commissioner Ravi Bhagat by members of the Kisan Sangharash Samiti. On Friday, Bhagat asked the Gurdaspur district administration to file an FIR.
Most of the patients are residents of Gaggo Mahal village near Ajnala. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo) 
Bhagat referred the patients to the Government Medical College and Hospital in Amritsar, where tests by eye specialists revealed that all 15 had lost their vision due to a severe post-operation infection.
The camp was held in Ghuman village of Gurdaspur district by an NGO called Guru Nanak Foundation in the last week of November.
“We have no clue about the NGO that organised the eye camp as neither I nor my Gurdaspur counterpart gave any permission to hold this camp,” Dr Bhalla said.
The patients have now been admitted in Dr Ram Lal Eye and ENT Hospital at Majitha Road in Amritsar. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
While Bhagat has ordered an inquiry, he has written to the Gurdaspur district administration to register a first information report (FIR).
“We will act on the basis of the Amritsar civil surgeon’s probe,” the Gurdaspur deputy commissioner confirmed to HT.

Aviation Minister Seeks Easing of RegulationsYou are here: Home Industries
Aviation Minister Seeks Easing of Regulations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 04, 2014 21:09 (IST)
Up to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: Voicing concern over financial health of domestic airlines, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Thursday sought easing of regulations to boost the growth of the aviation sector.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather ... not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. Kingfisher crashing and right now SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Mr Raju said.
He was speaking at the MoU signing ceremony between national carrier Air India and National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) for a joint venture to develop and manage Air India land assets.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu was also present on the occasion.
The minister's comment comes in the backdrop of industrialist Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier SpiceJet curtailing its operations by reducing both flights and fleet.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
Besides, the airline auditors in their recent report have also cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run it as a "going concern".
Noting that the growth in the aviation sector was restricted due to some "odd reasons", Mr Raju said certain regulations needs to be relooked to attract investments in the sector.
"For some odd reasons, we have restricted the growth of airlines in the country. We have developed regulations which pull back Indians, which does not allow Indians to perform. So, I think there also we have to work," he said.
On Air India forming a joint venture with NBCC to monetise its land assets, the minister said the strength of the two public sector companies will be complimentary in the interest of the country.
"These synergies have to be harnessed in the interest of the country. This is a step in this direction," he said.
Terming the JV as a "wise decision," Mr Naidu expressed hope that the collaboration will go a long way and help Air India in improving its financial situation.
Earlier, Air India chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan and NBCC CMD Anoop Kumar Mittal signed the MoU in the presence of the two Union ministers.
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), while approving Air India's Financial Restructuring Plan and Turn Around Plan, has envisaged monetisation of assets in Air India to the tune of Rs 5,000 crore over the next 10 years along with an annual target of Rs 500 crore from FY13.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 21:08 (IST)

Remington s internal trigger memos
6 things you didnt read today (but should have)By Jaime Fuller December 4 Follow @j_fuller
Just days before government funding expires, House Republican leaders, such as Speaker John Boehner, are trying to strike a balance between the conservatives determined to stop President Obama’s immigration order and others just as determined to avoid another politically damaging shutdown. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
1. Lydia DePillis interviews the national head of the Fraternal Order of Police.
2. Molly Ball at the Atlantic writes about the "hangnail of an election" down in Louisiana.
3. On Wednesday, Congress voted for tax breaks on things like "horses, rum, tuna, NASCAR, and Hollywood movies."
4. Chris Moody at CNN  explains why there is a Ronald Reagan cutout making the rounds this week.
5. One good thing Congress did this year: It cut down on the number of votes lawmakers take on post office names.
6. Lee Drutman wonders if it is possible to spend too much money on politics -- especially when your money doesn't seem to be making too big a dent -- over at Slate .
Whatever happens, the larger point is that politics is neither a vending machine nor an auction. Strategy matters, and changing the status quo is always hard, especially when its defenders have their livelihood at stake. In Washington, money helps a great deal, but it isn’t a simple transaction.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Selan Exploration Surges on Hopes of Production Ramp-UpOil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in oil and gas explorer Selan Exploration Technology surged 7 per cent on Friday heading towards its biggest single-day gain since September.
Traders say the stock has jumped in anticipation of production ramp-up and recent slump in crude oil prices has already been discounted.
Domestic brokerage Sharekhan says the company is taking steps to commercialise some of the 11 wells drilled earlier in 2014.
Management has guided for production volumes of 0.5-0.6 million barrel annually in the next 2-3 years, up from 0.16 million barrel in FY14, adds the brokerage.
Selan Exploration is trading at 10.8 times to its 12 months forward earnings compared with 24.35 times for rivals.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Eight die as militants attack army camp in KashmirEight die as militants attack army camp in Kashmir
IANS –  Fri 5 Dec, 2014
Print
Srinagar: Heavily-armed militants mounted an audacious attack on an Indian Army camp in Jammu and Kashmir's Baramulla district early Friday, triggering a fierce gunbattle that left the three rebels dead. Three soldiers and two policemen were also killed.
The brazen pre-dawn terror attack took place at army's Field Ordinance Camp located at Mohra near the border town of Uri.
The attack took place in the midst of the five-phase elections in the state. The next phase of elections is Dec 9. The polls began Nov 25 and end Dec 20, with the votes being counted Dec 23.
The gunmen struck at 3 a.m., but were quickly challenged at the main gate of the army camp.
The sentries on duty heard the gunshots and accosted the rebels who were armed with automatic weapons and hand grenades.
Two policemen responded to the terror attack. "A head constable and a constable have been killed," a police official said.
There are differing accounts of whether the militants managed to enter the army camp. An officer said that they did enter, but the attack was repulsed, while another said that the gunfight was limited to the main gate of the camp.
The gunfight has now stopped, the senior police officer told IANS around 11 a.m.
"Quick Response Teams (QRTs) were rushed to the site after the militants attacked the camp. The militants opened fire at one of the QRT vehicles on the main road, killing an officer and two soldiers," the police officer said.
He said that the soldiers who took on the rebels were killed outside the camp.
A massive hunt has been started in and around the army camp.
Recommend

India will grow faster than China in 2016: Goldman Sachs. Do you agreeCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Wedding season ahoy! Here s the jewellery you will needBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:02 pm
The bridal season is here, so while shopping for the big day, make sure you grab the jewellery essentials.
Sulish Verma, managing director of Vikas Chain & Jewellery Pvt. Ltd, shared the latest in bridal jewellery:
Bridal necklace: There is a great demand for choker neckpieces in gold and diamond. The Mughal-inspired neckpieces where the coverage is more but the weight of precious metal is kept less, are also loved during bridal season.
Bracelet: Versatile pieces where the chains can be easily detached from the ring and the bracelet and the ring can be worn separately are getting popular.
Maang-tika: The side passa maang-tika is one of the sought after jewellery pieces for the head — for instance, coloured gemstones engraved in gold.
Nose ring: The round big hollow loop will continue to rule, but brides willing to experiment can try the tribal jewellery-designed nose ring.
Earring: Danglers have always been in trend, but the brides are opting for longer danglers for pre-wedding functions.
Feet accessories: The payal is no longer slick. The feet accessories are getting thicker and colourful.

Maharashtra: Stability assured  but BJPs troubles not overComments
By forcing the Shiv Sena into submission, the BJP has hit many targets in just one shot. It has made its minority government stable by keeping the ‘unfaithful and corrupt’ NCP at bay, and reduced the Uddhav Thackeray-led party, now a partner in the post-poll alliance, to minnows.
For now, it is a win-win situation for the BJP, which fell a little short of accomplishing ‘Mission-145’ in the Assembly polls, which it fought against the Sena and two other major parties. With the Sena’s inclusion, it now has about 200 MLAs in the assembly to rule the state with an iron fist.
Political commentator Surendra Jondhale said though the BJP has been successful in reversing the roles the two played in the past 25 years, the party was set to endure a troubled marriage. “This will definitely hamper PM Narendra Modi’s plan of party expansion in the state,” he said.
“The BJP might have invited hurdles and obstacles by bringing in the Sena, which will continue to create trouble for the major ally,” said Jondhale, outlining the two issues – statehood for Vidarbha, which the BJP is in favour of, and Hindutva, which the BJP preferred to keep on the backburner in view of the liberal vote bank, which wants the party to pursue the agenda of development.
BJP insiders begged to differ. A senior party leader told HT the party had left little scope to create trouble in the government. “We have not given them [Sena] ministries that will add their firepower. We have kept all key departments with us and avoided crating a parallel power centre by denying the Sena the deputy chief minister’s post,” the leader said, requesting anonymity.
Another BJP leader said the decision to join hands with the Sena was intentional as was the decision to break the alliance before the polls. “We went solo in the polls because we wanted to prove our might and tell the Sena we are the only party that can replace the Congress at the state and national level. Our party bosses have a plan in place to counter the Sena’s strategic moves in the long term,” he said.
CM Devendra Fadnavis said on Friday a coordination committee will ensure political clashes between the two partners are avoided. But he also sounded a warning for the Sena when he said there will be no compromise on his party’s position.

Philippines braces as Typhoon Hagupit nears coastTyphoon Hagupit to lash Philippines, thousands flee
Reuters
print
Tens of thousands of people fled coastal villages and landslide-prone areas in the central Philippines on Friday, as typhoon Hagupit bore down on eastern coasts of the island nation where thousands were killed in a devastating storm last year.
Ports were shut across the archipelago, leaving more than 2,000 travellers stranded in the capital Manila, the central Bicol region and Mindanao island in the south, after the coastguard suspended sea travel ahead of the typhoon.
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled some of their flights to central and southern Philippines. Areas yet to recover from last year's category 5 "super typhoon" Haiyan, also known in the Philippines as Typhoon Yolanda, could be in the firing line again, the local weather bureau said.
"It's better to evacuate early... We don't want to experience what we went through during Yolanda," said Gigi Calne, a housewife seeking shelter with about 3,000 others at a school in Basey, in Samar province, in central Philippines. "It was difficult to save our family and ourselves because we moved too late."
Haiyan, one of the strongest typhoons ever to make landfall, left more than 7,000 dead or missing and more than 4 million homeless or with damaged houses when it tore through the central Philippines in November 2013.
Hagupit was churning slowly across the Pacific on Friday, with the eye of the storm around 435 km (270 miles) southeast of the Philippines, the weather bureau said, packing winds of up to 215 kph (130 mph) near the centre with gusts of up to 250 kph.
It was expected to slam into Eastern Samar or Northern Samar provinces in the central Philippines on Saturday afternoon, bringing torrential rain and 4- to 5-metre high storm surges, the weather bureau said.
About 10 million residents of the Bicol and Eastern Visayas regions of the central Philippines are at risk of flooding, storm surges and strong winds. AccuWeather Global Weather Center said more than 30 million people would feel the impact of the typhoon across the Philippines.
Eastern Samar and the island of Leyte were worst-hit by 250 kph winds and storm surges brought by Haiyan. About 25,000 people still live in tents, shelters and bunkhouses more than a year later.
In Tacloban City, Leyte, which accounted for about half of the death toll from Haiyan, about 19,000 people from coastal villages thronged into 26 evacuation centres, said Ildebrando Bernadas of the city's disaster office.
"We are expecting to double that once we implement forced evacuations," Bernadas said, adding about 95 percent of residents from coastal areas have been evacuated.
While the local weather bureau and the Japan Meteorological Agency predicted Hagupit making a direct hit on the central Philippines, Tropical Storm Risk, which tracks cyclones, and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center of the US Navy showed the storm veering north, closer to the capital Manila.
Mario Montejo, the Philippines Science and Technology Secretary, said the differences in the forecasting models were due to methodologies used, but said the actual track of the typhoon hews close to the local weather bureau's model.
Tropical Storm Risk downgraded the typhoon to a category 4 on Friday - a level below "super typhoon" but still a very powerful storm - and forecast it would have weakened to category 3 by the time it made landfall.
Video: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

http://usat.ly/1Anyrl9Fed: Economy continues to show growth pickup
Latest Beige Book surveys economic conditions in October and November in the 12 Fed districts.
Post to Facebook
Fed: Economy continues to show growth pickup Latest Beige Book surveys economic conditions in October and November in the 12 Fed districts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CFRxYG
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Fed: Economy continues to show growth pickup
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 5:33 p.m. EST December 3, 2014
Towne East J.C. Penney employees, from left, Tori Goldsmith, Carla Fuller and Brian Hill stock men's socks as they prepare for Thanksgiving Day sales, in Wichita, Kan.
(Photo: Mike Hutmacher, AP)
61 CONNECT 29 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The economy improved broadly in late October and November, with job growth, consumer spending and business investment all picking up and retailers optimistic about the holiday season, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
Manufacturing and construction activity also increased, while the housing market remained a mixed bag, depending on the region, according to the Fed's "beige book" report, which provides an anecdotal look at the economy.
The latest report took a decidedly more positive view of the labor market than previous editions, perhaps signaling continued strong job growth. "Employment gains were widespread across" the 12 Federal Reserve Bank districts, the beige book said.
Wage growth, which has been modest throughout the recovery, remained "subdued," though there were pockets of nascent wage pressures.
Tumbling gasoline prices helped offset workers' largely stagnant earnings, lifting consumer spending in several regions and boding well for the holiday shopping season. The period covered by the report ended Nov. 24, before the start of seasonal sales.
Consumer purchases of durable goods, such as appliances, were solid in the San Francisco and Richmond, Va., areas. Auto sales were especially brisk in the Atlanta, Chicago and San Francisco markets, and lower gasoline prices boosted sales of SUVs and light trucks in Philadelphia, Cleveland and Chicago.
Meanwhile, ski resorts in the Richmond and Minneapolis regions opened early following an early blast of winter, and Broadway theater revenues in New York City were moderately higher than a year ago. Both tourism and restaurant sales, however, fell in Kansas City.
Businesses also were in a spending mood, increasing outlays for employees as well as inventory and equipment. Firms in Boston beefed up payrolls in information technology. Employers also ramped up hiring for financial workers in New York, manufacturing and construction employees in Cleveland and hotel and restaurant staffers in Atlanta.
Companies continued to struggle to fill high-skill positions in engineering, legal and health care services. There was little change in holiday hiring compared with last year.
The hunt for skilled workers pushed up wages as employers in New York, Chicago and San Francisco doled out raises both to attract candidates and retain "high-value, long-term existing employees." Encouragingly, there were also early signs "of wage pressures for lower-skilled jobs, whose wages have been flat for several years." Meanwhile, minimum wage increases pushed up labor costs in Boston, Cleveland and San Francisco.
Firms also increased spending more broadly. Retailers and manufacturers in Chicago and Richmond built up inventories to prepare for the possibility of another brutal winter that delays deliveries. Manufacturers in several areas expanded capital budgets "both to replace existing equipment and to expand capacity." And there was a flurry of merger activity in Cleveland, Richmond, Chicago and Dallas.
Manufacturing also continued to gain, particularly the automotive and aerospace industries. Steel production increased in Cleveland, Chicago and San Francisco. High-tech manufacturers in Boston, Dallas and San Francisco reported steady growth in demand.
Falling oil and gas prices are generally aiding companies, but chemical manufacturers in the Boston area said the decline has made them less competitive globally because they rely on natural gas as a feedstock, while foreign producers typically use oil.
The housing and construction markets expanded overall, but multifamily building continued to outpace residential. And only about half the districts cited an increase in home sales. Commercial construction was a bright spot, as office building picked up in New York and Philadelphia and industrial projects gained in Cleveland, Chicago and Dallas.
And while business and consumer lending generally increased, "first-time home buyers continue to face challenges in qualifying for mortgages," the report said.
61 CONNECT 29 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CFRxYG
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Retailer stops selling  GTA V  following allegations that the game encourages players to murder womenDec 05, 2014 at 12:40pm IST
Retailer stops selling 'GTA V' following allegations that the game encourages players to murder women
28
1
Los Angeles: Target Australia is removing Grand Theft Auto V from store shelves after more than 40,000 people who say the video game encourages players to murder women for entertainment signed an online petition asking the retailer to stop selling it.
The decision is the latest in a long line of controversies sparked by the 17-year-old video game series that casts players as car-stealing criminals.
"We've been speaking to many customers over recent days about the game, and there is a significant level of concern about the game's content," said Jim Cooper, Target Australia's general manager of corporate affairs, on Wednesday. "We've also had customer feedback in support of us selling the game, and we respect their perspective on the issue."
The decision is the latest in a long line of controversies sparked by 'Grand Theft Auto' that casts players as car-stealing criminals.
#gaming #target australia #grand theft auto #gta v
A petition posted November 29 on Change.org called for Target Australia to stop selling GTA V because it "makes a game of bashing, killing and horrific violence against women."
The latest installment in Rockstar Games' action-adventure series centers on a trio of bank robbers in Los Santos, a tongue-in-cheek rendition of Los Angeles. The open-world, third-person game allows players to participate in a several optional virtual activities, including visiting strip clubs and hiring prostitutes, as well as playing tennis and riding a roller coaster.
GTA V originally debuted in 2013 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. A new edition for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One released last month adds the ability to play in a first-person perspective, offering a closer glimpse at gameplay, including sex acts that were previously obscured.
Strauss Zelnick, chairman and CEO of Rockstar Games' parent company, Take-Two Interactive Software, called the Australian retailer's decision to stop selling the game disappointing.
"Grand Theft Auto V explores mature themes and content similar to those found in many other popular and groundbreaking entertainment properties," Zelnick said. "Interactive entertainment is today's most compelling art form and shares the same creative freedom as books, television and movies. I stand behind our products, the people who create them, and the consumers who play them."
Cooper said Target Australia would continue to sell other R-rated DVDs and games.
Target Australia operates more than 300 stores and is owned by Wesfarmers. Evan Lapiska, a spokesman for Minneapolis, Minnesota-based Target, noted that Target Australia is not operated by the US retail company. The companies share the same name and logo.
GTA V will continue to be sold in Target stores in North America.
Several retailers removed Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas from stores in 2005 when sexual content was uncovered in the game, and its rating was changed from "mature" to "adults only." Rockstar Games later released an updated version with the content removed, and the "mature" rating was restored.
111

Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices FallYou are here: Home Economy
Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Reuters | Updated On: December 05, 2014 13:27 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
Singapore: India's iron ore imports rose to a record 6.76 million tonnes in the first seven months of its fiscal year as sliding global prices and limited supply at home pushed steel producers to buy the raw material overseas, industry data showed on Friday.
Formerly the world's No. 3 supplier of iron ore, India has been importing over the last two years due to court-imposed restrictions aimed at curbing illegal mining in the key producing states of Karnataka and Goa.
The shortage deepened this year as some mines in Odisha and Jharkhand were ordered closed after the expiry of licences.
But analysts say India is unlikely to absorb a big chunk of the global surplus that has halved iron ore prices this year.
Global seaborne iron ore supply will grow by around 330 million tonnes over the next three years, far outpacing demand that will rise by just 194 million tonnes in the same period, Morgan Stanley said in October.
JSW Steel, India's third largest steel producer, imported 4.6 million tonnes of iron ore in April-November, followed by Tata Steel with nearly 1 million tonnes, according to data from industry consultancy SteelMint, which tracked shipments at 12 ports.
"Looking at the current scenario, it does not look like mining will resume soon in Odisha and Jharkhand. Imports are expected to hit 11-12 million tonnes this financial year," said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at SteelMint.
JSW said in September it was planning to import 10 million tonnes or more this fiscal year if the domestic shortage continued and prices stayed low.
The company this week put on hold plans to build a steel plant in eastern India due to uncertainty in sourcing iron ore and coal.
South Africa was the top source of iron ore imports, accounting for 40 per cent of the April-November volume, with Australia supplying 15 per cent of the total.
Official Indian government data only covers April-August, with imports totalling 2 million tonnes.
Increased output of iron ore from top producers Australia and Brazil has helped widen a global glut at a time of slower economic growth in China which buys around two-thirds of seaborne supply.
Iron ore has fallen 47 per cent this year, touching $68 a tonne last week, its weakest since June 2009.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Fadnavis  Maharashtra cabinet expansion todayWeeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the Shiv Sena on Friday formally joined the BJP government in Maharashtra led by chief minister Devendra Fadnavis. The decision on allocation of portfolios was not taken till late Friday night.
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis along with Shiv Sena ministers during their swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Ten Shiv Sena ministers, including five of cabinet rank and five of minister of state rank, took oath in the first expansion of the Fadnavis ministry on Friday. Ten BJP ministers - five of cabinet rank and five of minister of state rank - were also inducted.
This expansion took the total strength of the ministry to 30, including the chief minister. Fadnavis was sworn in at the head of a 10-member ministry October 31.
This is the second time after the 1995 that a Sena-BJP government will be ruling the state.
While the BJP focused on the regional and social balance while inducting new ministers, the Sena chose to offer Mumbai and Thane more representation in the senior ranks. The BJP has two members in the upper House and the Sena has three senior members and one- Subhash Desai- who is not a member of either Houses.
In the recent assembly polls, Desai had lost to BJP's Vidya Thakur, already an MoS in Fadnavis' team. Sena hopes to get him elected to the legislative council within six months.
Governor CV Rao administered the oath of office and secrecy to all the 20 ministers at a ceremony held on the lawns of the Maharashtra Legislature building in Nariman Point.
Prominent among those who took oath as ministers included Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's trusted aides Subhash Desai and Deepak Sawant. Senior BJP legislators Girish Bapat and Girish Mahajan also took oath on Friday.
Cabinet ministers who took the oath were: Girish Bapat (BJP), Girish Mahajan (BJP),  Chandrashekhar Bawankule (BJP), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Rajkumar Badole (BJP), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS) and Dr Deepak Sawant (SS).
Ministers of state sworn in were: Ram Shinde (BJP), Vijay Deshmukh (BJP), Raje Amrish Atram (BJP), Dr Ranjit Patil (BJP) and Pravin Pote (BJP), Dr. Ravindra Waikar (SS), Sanjay Rathod (Shiv Sena), Dada Bhuse (SS), Vijay Shivtare (SS) and Deepak Kesarkar (SS).
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray attended the swearing-in ceremony along with his family members and senior party leaders.
Earlier on Friday morning, Shiv Sena's Eknath Shinde tendered his resignation as Leader of Opposition as his party moved to the treasury benches.
Two more Sena ministers are expected to take oath during the next cabinet expansion, possibly after the winter session of the state legislature.
With the Sena joining the Fadnavis government, it will cross the majority mark of 145 seats in the assembly. The BJP has 121 MLAs and will get 63 seats from the Sena and the cross the magic figure comfortably.
However, BJP's allies- Republican Party of India (RPI), Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathana and Rashtriya Samaj Paksha - who had supported the party during the assembly elections, were unhappy for being left out of the government.
The BJP assured them that in the next few weeks there will be another cabinet expansion, in which about 8-10 legislators will be inducted in the government. "Smaller parties will be inducted in the next expansion that will take place soon," Fadnavis said after the oath ceremony on Friday.
Unlike their first government in 1995, this government does not have a deputy chief minister though the Sena, with 63 MLAs, had demanded the post in exchange of supporting the BJP's minority government. The BJP had rejected the demand and also refused to part with key portfolios to the Sena which has been sitting in the Opposition since November 10.
The Sena has been given lesser important departments such as public health, environment, industry, transport or excise and Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation, an undertaking of the PWD.
The Sena MOS, who took oath on Friday, will assist the ally's cabinet ministers. Fadnavis will split the clubbed portfolios kept with him and other ministers to the BJP's five newly inducted cabinet ministers.

Mangalore Chemicals appoints Vijay Mallya s step-mother Ritu Mallya as DirectorSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Days after resignation of Vijay Mallaya from UB group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), the fertiliser company today announced appointment of his step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect.
In a surprise move on December 1, Mallya had resigned as director of the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is the target of a takeover battle between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL said, “… the company’s Board of Directors has appointed Mrs Ritu Mallya as a Director of the Company with immediate effect.”
Vijay Mallya had resigned within days of minority shareholders of United Spirits rejected as many as 9 of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to pacts with entities connected to erstwhile promoter Vijay Mallya.
The UB group has been seeing continuous troubles on various fronts for the last couple of years, beginning with a major cash crunch and high debt at once-luxury airline Kingfisher, forcing it be grounded in October 2012.
The group, which is also engaged in legal tussle with lenders, later sold a controlling stake in its prized unit United Spirits to Diageo while some other assets where also divested in other businesses and two rival bidders came up from Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL).
58-year old Mallya’s resignation at MCFL comes in the middle of an intense takeover battle between Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for wresting control of the UB group firm, which has a urea plant at Mangalore.
In the battle for control of MCFL, Mallya had sided with Zuari group and launched the counter open offer to ward off the takeover bid of Deepak Fertilizers.
After the open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers’ stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent through an open offer to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group’s combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
The board of MCFL is being restructured to include two representatives of Poddar’s Adventz Group.
TAGS: MCFL
More from companies

Bundesbank slashes German growth forecastBundesbank slashes German growth forecast for next year
Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74b73d00-7c57-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

J&K: Encounter breaks out in Soura area of Srinagar  one terrorist killed14
0
Srinagar: A terrorist has been killed in a fierce encounter that took place in Srinagar's Soura area on Friday.
There are continuous terrorist attacks taking place in Jammu and Kashmir since Friday morning.
First encounter started in the Mohura area of Uri at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to get inside an Army fortification in the area. However, the security forces successfully ended the encounter by killing all six terrorists that entered an Army fortification.
There are continuous terrorist attacks taking place in Jammu and Kashmir since Friday morning.
The two phases of the Assembly elections are over and three other are still scheduled. Uri and the nearby Baramulla area will be voting in the third phase on December 9.
3

Ranji Trophy 2014: Gautam Gambhir look to provide secure dressing room environment to DelhiyoungstersBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:46 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 8:46 pm
Their cricketing epitaph has been written by all and sundry but a day after being omitted from the World Cup probables’ list, it was business as usual for Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir as they trained at the Delhi team’s nets with deadpan expressions on their faces.
The ageing duo looked like members of a ‘lonely planet’ at the picturesque Roshanara Club ground where the other members of the Delhi team were going through the paces.
While all the other members wore whites (a custom followed by lot of teams to get into the groove), these two were wearing colourful track suits. The ‘difference’ in every aspect was palpable.
They have been champions in their own rights and no one can deny that any kind of rejection hurts a performer’s ego.
Gambhir spoke to the small group of reporters present but only after clarifying that he doesn’t want to speak on World Cup and will stick to Delhi’s Ranji Trophy preparations.
Gambhir’s fascination for playing home games at seamer-friendly Roshanara is well-known and the reason he gave was no different from what has been heard already.
“I know it’s better to play on batting friendly tracks (Feroz Shah Kotla) but what’s the use of scoring 800 runs if your team doesn’t qualify for knock-outs. Batsmen can set up matches but it’s the bowlers who will have to take 20 wickets to win matches. The Roshanara strip gives me an option to play five specialist bowlers,” Gambhir spoke in reference to Delhi’s opening Ranji Trophy encounter against Saurashtra, starting Sunday.
Sehwag didn’t even wait that long. Did his usual round of batting at the nets, had a rub down in the dressing room and before anyone knew left the ground before all his teammates entered the confines of the dressing room.
At the nets, he was in a mood to hit everything out of sight — most of which didn’t connect well but interestingly the last shot — an inside-out lofted shot over covers that broke the window pane of the private club’s library.
In between there was old guard Sumeet Narwal and young Navdeep Saini, who troubled Sehwag with seam movement.
Once through with his batting, Sehwag did some slip catching practice. The expression on his face didn’t give away anything. His batting position according to his captain will be the “middle-order”.
For Gambhir, speaking about Ranji preparations was more an act of obliging the handful of scribes present as one could sense that he had to push himself about answering questions.
He spoke about giving juniors a “secure dressing room environment”.
“There are a lot of juniors in the side and my aim as a captain would be to give them a secure dressing room environment. Whether you are playing junior cricket or Ranji Trophy, a secured dressing room environment is key to a team’s success,” said continued…

Gold Weakens on Global Cues  Silver Falls on Reduced OfftakeYou are here: Home Market
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 05, 2014 15:36 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
New Delhi: Gold prices fell by Rs 30 to Rs 26,870 per ten gram at the bullion market in the national capital on Friday largely in tandem with a weak trend in the global markets.
Besides, fall in demand at domestic spot markets from jewellers also kept pressure on the precious metal prices.
Tracking gold, silver declined by Rs 100 to Rs 36,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial users.
Traders said sentiment turned somewhat weak after gold fell in global markets ahead of US payrolls data that may show employers added more workers last month, boosting the case for an increase in borrowing costs in the largest economy.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, edged lower by 0.3 per cent to $1,201.81 an ounce and silver by 0.2 per cent to $16.43 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity were down by Rs 30 each to Rs 26,870 and Rs 26,670 per ten gram respectively, while sovereign held steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 36,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 150 to Rs 36,500 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins were well maintained at Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:36 (IST)

Assocham seeks PMs intervention on gas supply to South Gujarat unitsAssocham seeks PM’s intervention on gas supply to South Gujarat units
Our Bureau
Says 58% cut in gas supply to small units contradicts PM's vision of 'Make in India'
Ahmedabad, Dec 5:  
Having made several representations at the State and Central ministerial level, the South Gujarat’s small gas consuming industries have now approached the Prime Minister seeking intervention in connection with a 58-per cent reduction in APM gas supply by GAIL.
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) has written a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on behalf of the South Gujarat Small Gas Consumers Association (SGSGCA) raising concerns of the 33 industrial units, mostly of glass and ceramics in South Gujarat.
In the letter dated December 4, signed by Secretary General, D S Rawat, the Assocham has called the move by GAIL to curtail cheaper gas supplies to the small units to be ‘contrary to the “Make in India” concept of the Prime Minister himself.’
Since, September 27, pursuant to the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB)’s guidelines, GAIL had curtailed the APM gas supplies to these units and diverted it from non-priority sector to meet the requirements of CNG and PNG consumers.
This has rendered these 33 energy intensive units unviable thereby putting at stake 30,000 direct and 120,000 indirect jobs. Following this, the units have cut down their production and are feared to opt for a complete closure, the Assocham cautioned.
Assocham maintained that the cut on APM gas supplies should be first made effective on other large non-priority sector gas consumers including steel, petrochemicals, refineries, who put-together consume about 7 million standard cubic meters per day (mmscmd) of gas, against 0.6 mmscmd consumed by 33 small South Gujarat industries, most of which were set up in the 1980s on the invitation of the Government to utilize the low pressure gas from the isolated fields.
As a solution, the Assocham has suggested a uniform cut of 0.5 per cent across the board on the overall domestic gas supply of 60 million metric standard cubic meters per day (mmscmd) as was done in 1997 in response to Supreme Court Order to provide for Taj Trapezium customers.
Earlier in November, at an event in Mumbai, Swati Piramal, vice chairperson of Piramal Group (including Piramal Glass), had also presented a petition on behalf of SGSGCA to Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, and Saurabh Patel, minister for energy seeking their intervention into the matter.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

HCC sells AP road project for Rs 64 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HCC sells AP road project for Rs 64 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
HCC Concessions, the infrastructure development arm of the HCC Group, said that it has sold Nirmal BOT Ltd, its annuity project in Andhra Pradesh to Highway Concession One Pvt Ltd for Rs 64 crore.
The Nirmal project, awarded by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for a concession period of 20 years, has been operational for five years. The 30-km road project connects Kadtal to Armur on NH-7 in Telangana. The project was developed at a cost of Rs 315 crore.
Highway Concession One is majorly held by IDFC Alternatives managed India Infrastructure Fund. Highway Concession One will acquire 74 per cent equity stake upfront, while the balance 26 per cent will be acquired on receipt of NHAI’s approval.
Additionally, Nirmal has also received an arbitration award in its favour for Rs 16.67 crore, which will be payable to HCC on receipt, HCC said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Centre plans to set up Rs 10 000-crore fundBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITY) is planning to set up a Rs 10,000 crore fund for innovation and development purposes in the sector, a top government official said.
“The department will set up a Rs 10,000-crore corpus to fund innovation in electronics and IT,” DEITY secretary R S Sharma said.
The department would rope in existing venture capitalists (VC) for selecting the start-ups where funds would be made available for starting innovation exercise, Sharma told reporters on the sidelines of Infocomm 2014 here today.
He said the department would pick stake in the VCs to a maximum limit of 20 per cent.
Sharma added that with the huge quantum of electronics products being imported into the country at present, there was a need to increase domestic production.
“Now the electronics import bill is USD 100 billion. This will go up to USD 400 billion by 2020,” he said at the event.
“This will become unsustainable as the electronics import bill would exceed that of oil,” he said.
The official said the government was actively trying to promote innovation as there was a need to acquire substantial Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) for the country’s developmental efforts.
TAGS: Department Of Electronics And Information Technology
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Wages standstill in rich economiesILO warns on stagnant global wages
Sarah O’Connor — London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e56ca08-7a57-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex  Nifty close week in red on profit-takingMarket update: Sensex drops 105 points to log first weekly fall in seven weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday closed nearly 105 points lower at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the 30-share BSE barometer surged to an intra-day high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas fund inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points (or 0.37 per cent). Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
"In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part  of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed  indices in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution,  Religare Securities.
The BSE index had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points, logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 of the 30 Sensex scrips including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
Similarly, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty index ended 26.10 points (or 0.30 per cent) lower at 8,538.30.
Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE Nifty.
The gauge moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government's 5 per cent stake sale in the steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began on Friday.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore on Thursday, according to provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.

Strpci massacre: 15 arrests made in Balkan wartimeconflictBy: Associated Press | Prijepolje |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:11 pm
Police in Serbia and Bosnia arrested 15 people Friday in a wartime massacre that traumatized the Balkans and came to symbolize a culture of impunity that still shields notorious wartime death squads and their masters.
Prosecutors from the two bitter wartime enemy countries told The Associated Press they worked together to crack the case of the Strpci massacre of February 27, 1993, in which 19 men were snatched off a train at the height of the Balkan conflict.
Officers carried out a pre-dawn sweep that netted 10 suspects in Bosnia and five in Serbia, including the brother of a jailed warlord, ex-militia members and a former Bosnian Serb general who commanded the military in the area.
“We are now on the path to solve the murder that has been hidden for more than 20 years,” said Serbian war crimes prosecutor Bruno Vekaric. “We have to do it for the innocent victims.” There was no comment from the jailed suspects or their lawyers.
The question now is whether the suspects will point to the men above them who ordered the killings, investigators say.
If so, they could implicate some of Serbia’s top former and current officials, who were prominent in the war machine of the president at the time, Slobodan Milosevic.
While the Serbian government now acknowledges Strpci as a war crime, the killers are still seen by some in Serbia as war heroes.
“Many war criminals are still influential in business, politics, police and the army,” said Bosnian State Prosecutor Goran Salihovic.
The Associated Press obtained exclusive investigative documents in the probe, which is backed by the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands.
Together with witness testimony, they provide the first detailed look at a tragedy whose wounds fester even today because the killers were not identified and the victims’ families not compensated.
The documents and witness accounts say the train made an unscheduled stop at the station of Strpci, a remote outpost in eastern Bosnia on the border with Serbia.
A group of Bosnian Serb militiamen identified 18 Bosnian Muslims and one Croat through their names and carted them off.
The men were herded into a military truck, which took them to a village school. Inside the gym, the militiamen stripped the captives. Then they beat them with rifle butts.
Drenched in blood, their hands tied with wire, the men were taken by truck to an empty house near the Drina river. There, they were shot in the back of the head.
The Strpci massacre was part of a conflict that left more than 100,000 people dead and millions displaced.
Although all sides have been accused of war crimes, historians say Serbs in Bosnia and Croatia carried out the worst atrocities in an effort to create an ethnically pure territory.
Prosecutors have identified Milan Lukic, one of the most feared Bosnian Serb warlords of the time, as continued…

Bigg Boss 8: Gautam  Sonali go on a shoppingtripBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:55 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:47 pm
It’s day 75 in the Big Boss house and the task for the day is selecting a new captain. The task requires the housemates to decide on one contender mutually while the other names will be of the previous captain, Pritam’s choice.
However, Pritam selects himself as a contender to the housemate’s choice of captain. They are alarmed at his decision but refrain from showing their reactions, as it is his right as a captain to choose whoever he seems fit.
Later in the day, Bigg Boss announces this week’s luxury budget task in which two housemates will get a chance to go shopping. Gautam and Sonali are chosen for the task and get a chance to go to a mall in a brand new Maruti Suzuki Swift. Sonali is thrilled about the task; however, Gautam looks slightly tensed about it. The other housemates are disappointed that they are not part of the task.
But, when Sonali and Gautam arrive at the mall, there is a slight twist in store. They will need to convince people at the supermarket to pay for the items.
They both get 15 minutes each to make the purchases. Gautam and Sonali look nervous but are ready to take up this challenge. Gautam being a charmer manages to buy most of the items while Sonali takes her time to finish the task.
When the duo return to the house, the other housemates are curious about their adventure to the mall. Gautam and Sonali narrate the whole task and also share the chocolates, wafers and other items they have managed to get for everyone. The luxury task has surely put a big smile on their faces.

SBI cuts deposit rates by 0.25 percentBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:50 pm
Country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent, making it the third bank after private sector rivals, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, to reduce deposit rates this week.
The bank, which has already affected rate cuts in the short-term maturities of up to a year in two moves over the past few months, today reduced the rates for deposits of over one year.
Under the revised pricing applicable from Monday, a deposit in the bank for over one year but less than five years will fetch an interest of 8.50 per cent as against the earlier 8.75 per cent.
For deposits of five years and above, the rate has been reduced to 8.25 per cent as against the earlier 8.50 per cent, the bank said in a filing to the exchanges.
The review is for retail deposits of under Rs 1 crore, the bank said. The move comes a day after two private sector banks announced cuts of up to 0.50 per cent in maturities of up to one year.
State-run IDBI Bank had also yesterday announced 0.50 per cent cut in deposit rates for maturities starting from 6 months to 20 years.
The moves are important as these are generally a precursor to a drop in borrowing rates.
It comes within days of Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan going public with his disappointment on banks for not transmitting the policy actions to the general public through lending rate cuts.
The Governor had said there has been a fall in rates in the money markets due to a variety of reasons, including an expectation that the RBI will become more accommodative in the future, but the banks’ rates are not reflecting the same.
SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya had said, “Banks get very little resources from the money market. For instance, SBI does not have a single CD (Certificate of Deposit) in the market and so to that extent the rates coming down in the money market won’t really impact us. Therefore, there is no question of transmission.”

Sadhvi row: Mayawati slams BJP for playing dalitcardBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:47 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 8:52 am
BSP supremo Mayawati on Friday slammed BJP for playing the “dalit card” to defend Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti over her controversial remarks and claimed she did not belong to the community .
She took objection to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s appeal that the minister’s apology be accepted keeping in mind her background, saying it was improper as it meant making “allegations against one community”.
She said if the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, then she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her.
“BJP is saying that she is a dalit woman and this is untrue. Playing dalit card in not right. The minister neither belongs to the dalit community nor does she hail from scheduled caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste.
“The Prime Minister claims that her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many including MPs from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, then she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” Mayawati said.
She added that instead of putting a full stop to the issue, the “BJP is playing the dalit card”.
Samajwadi party leader Ram Gopal Yadav said that being a woman does not give the minister license to commit crime.
CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said the Prime Minister’s statement was “condemnable”.

Will ensure 24x7 power to all by March 2019:...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Reiterating the promise of 24x7 electricity to all by 2019, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
"IT-enabled smart grids can have tremendous impact on the energy sector in India - right from power generation to power consumption. We will ensure that all Indians have 24x7 electricity by March 2019," Goyal said while addressing the inaugural session of Digital India Conclave 2014.
The minister said the government is committed to preventing widespread coal thefts by use of CCTV cameras.
Goyal had earlier said the government has initiated speedy environmental clearances, steps to protect environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition besides clearing the long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore.
The minister had stated that these steps would be the government's vision for providing 24x7 consistent power.
The government has also approved Rs 43,033-crore rural electrification scheme, Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana.
The scheme will replace the existing Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY).
The scheme includes strengthening and augmentation of sub transmission and distribution infrastructure in rural areas, including metering of distribution transformers and feeders.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Consumer sentiment eases for 3rd month in a rowConsumer sentiment had picked up in the run up to the general election earlier in the year, but has failed to maintain the momentum.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Consumer sentiment in India eased for the third consecutive month in November largely due to a sharp fall in expectations of business conditions in a Year's time, a report says.
Consumer sentiment had picked up in the run up to the general election earlier in the year, but has failed to maintain the momentum.
The MNI India Consumer Indicator fell by 2.8 points to 120.9 in November from 123.7 in October, the lowest in 13 months.
"The Modi government has been in office for six months, but there has so far been little lasting positive impact on consumer sentiment. Policy action may eventually feed through, although for now the outlook remains reasonably subdued," MNI Indicators Chief Economist Philip Uglow said.
Asked about the impact of government policy on their standard of living, 38 per cent of respondents said they had been unaffected as the government had not yet implemented any major policies, while just under 30 per cent of respondents said they benefited from the new government's policies.
The report said many respondents praised Modi's vision for India and were supportive of welfare schemes like Jan Dhan Yojna. Additionally, a significant portion of respondents were pleased that food and fuel inflation was falling.
"Good news for the central bank was that inflation expectations fell to a new record low in November. This will help the RBI to ease monetary policy in the first half of 2015."
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan in its December 2 policy review kept interest rate unchanged, saying a shift in stance is 'premature' but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.

Jyoti is from a village  forgive her: PM Modi in Lok SabhaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

More bite at Bakewell BiscuitsSubmit
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about money control privacy statement click here
  Please wait...
Partner Opportunity in the Microsoft Ecosystem
The Total Economic Impact Of Microsoft Lync 2013
Microsoft Office Crosses The Cloud Rubicon
Five keys to partner success in SMB with Office 365
50 ways to use Office 365 for Education
Modernizing your workplace with the new Office
How to build high-performance cloud businesses
WAIT!
Get latest Whitepapers that will  help you enhance your business
Name*

How this spice trader benefited from cloudSubmit
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about money control privacy statement click here
  Please wait...
Partner Opportunity in the Microsoft Ecosystem
The Total Economic Impact Of Microsoft Lync 2013
Microsoft Office Crosses The Cloud Rubicon
Five keys to partner success in SMB with Office 365
50 ways to use Office 365 for Education
Modernizing your workplace with the new Office
How to build high-performance cloud businesses
WAIT!
Get latest Whitepapers that will  help you enhance your business
Name*

Chhatisgarh: Bilaspur sterilisation surgeries conducted in unhygenic conditions  says probe report6
0
New Delhi: Days after botched up sterlisation camp in Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh killed thirteen women, a fact finding team which probed the incident has submitted its report.
The team in its report has said that the surgeries were done in unhygienic conditions and doctors did not change gloves between operations.
The report also said that a huge cover up has been done. The government-ordered probe had earlier blamed adulterated medicines for the deaths. Medicines contaminated with zinc phosphide, which is used as a rodenticide, were given to woman who underwent the surgery at government medical camps in Bilaspur.
#chhattisgarh #bilaspur #sterilisation #bilaspur tragedy
Speaking about the highlights of the report, Executive Director of Population Foundation of India, Poonam Mutreja said, "Out of the several findings, the first is that the camp was held in a facility which was an abandoned building. There were no facilities or standards in place to do even one surgery, leave alone 83." She also added that the women were not counseled and no informed consent was taken.
16

7 stocks to trade into year-end7 stocks to trade into year-end
Thursday,  4 Dec 2014 |  5:00  PM ET
With less than 4 weeks left to trade in 2014, the "Fast Money" crew gives 7 stocks to play as we head into year-end.
SHARES

Pain of sanctions tests German businesses...GEIR MOULSON and KERSTIN SOPKE | December 5, 2014 05:06 AM EST | Associated Press
MAGDEBURG, Germany (AP) — Huge machines hum smoothly at the Vakoma company's modern factory in eastern Germany, overseen by blue-suited workers. But politics are making the ride bumpy for the family-owned firm, which does a lot of business in Russia.
Germany is a political and business crossroads between eastern and western Europe, and some of its high-value exporters are suffering from the Western sanctions imposed on Russia. It's one of several reasons why German economic growth faded this year from among the highest in Europe to almost nothing.
Businesses may be holding on for now, avoiding layoffs in the hopes that things will get better. But with Chancellor Angela Merkel suggesting no end is in sight for the sanctions, the pressure on some companies is growing.
In the case of Vakoma, its industrial drives, vacuum pumps and compressors to order are often custom-made, a process that takes several years of planning. Around 90 percent of its goods are exported, and some 60 percent of those exports go to the former Soviet Union.
"A lot of our projects that we have developed over years are now on hold and simply aren't being decided on," managing director Gerhard Krossing said at his company's new factory, in which it invested 15 million euros ($18.7 million).
Last year, Russia was the No. 11 recipient of German exports, and with the sanctions it has slipped to No. 13. Overall exports to Russia were down 16.6 percent in January through August, compared with the same period last year, to 20.3 billion euros ($25.3 billion). Vehicle and machinery exports saw the strongest falls, and while the direct impact on the overall economy so far is limited, some sectors and companies are feeling the pain.
Krossing noted a trend among clients to repair existing machinery rather than make big new investments, and says his company has focused more strongly on developing new markets — winning new clients in Germany, among other places. He didn't give figures detailing the impact on business.
"We want to continue cultivating our old clients, because we assume there will be a new stage after this difficult period," he said.
When that time will come is uncertain.
In her bluntest comments to date on the conflict, Merkel made clear last month after talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin that sanctions won't be lifted any time soon.
"Old thinking in spheres of influence, in which international law is trampled underfoot, will not win out," Merkel said. "I am convinced that it will not win out, however long and arduous the way there and however many setbacks it brings."
"We will impose economic sanctions against Russia as far and as long as they are necessary," she said.
German industrial leaders have been largely supportive of Merkel's course so far. Despite the slowdown in growth this year, the economy is in good shape, with low unemployment.
But that support could be tested in coming months as the outlook is not improving. On top of the pain from sanctions, German exporters are facing a downturn in demand for their goods in key markets, such as fellow eurozone countries as well as developing countries like China.
"We have to be aware that the slump in exports for some sectors to Russia is not a temporary phenomenon, but really permanent or one that will last many years," said Marcel Fratzscher, the president of the German Institute for Economic Research, a Berlin-based think-tank.
He noted further trouble can be expected by the sharp drop in the value of the Russian ruble, which has fallen over 30 percent against the euro this year. "That means that German exports too will become less and less affordable for many Russian companies."
While standing firm on sanctions, both Merkel and Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier have taken care to keep open channels of communication, talking frequently by phone with their Russian counterparts. The same day Merkel spoke out against Russia's actions, Steinmeier cautioned that "we have to watch that we don't turn what opportunities there are to talk into scenes for a showdown."
The comments by Steinmeier, in whose center-left party the 1970s "Ostpolitik" tradition of detente with the eastern bloc is a proud tradition, raised speculation about a rift in the conservative-led coalition government.
However, Olaf Boehnke, who heads the Berlin office of the European Council on Foreign Relations, a multinational think-tank, said he believes Steinmeier and Merkel "are still trying to play a good cop, bad cop game" and points to disillusionment and frustration with Russia in the foreign minister's party.
As for the possibility of further economic sanctions, "the German government is well aware of what sacrifice it is demanding from German business," Boehnke said. The business community "is on board, but it can't be overburdened forever."
A pair of recent polls found Germans' support for EU sanctions against Russia around the 60 percent mark. A Nov. 25-27 survey of 1,289 people by Forschungsgruppe Wahlen for ZDF television found 58 percent in favor — up from 52 percent a month earlier — and 36 percent opposed. It gave a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points.
Germany's two most popular politicians, the poll found, were Merkel and Steinmeier.
____
Moulson reported from Berlin.

Retail investors drive China volatilityRetail investors send Chinese markets on volatile run
Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/351bbd04-7c59-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Doctors at city hospital implant pacemaker on a 102-year-oldladyPosted: December 5, 2014 4:32 pm
In a rare surgery, doctors at a city hospital implanted pacemaker on a 102-year-old woman from Panipat.
This is the first ever reported case of implant on a woman aged 102 years in India, claimed the hospital adding that the surgery was performed in a record time of less than 20 minutes.
The earlier two surgeries have been on 105-year-old men, performed at PGI, Chandigarh and Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS), Lucknow.
The patient, Maya Devi had suffered a stroke and had collapsed at home in Panipat following a condition where her pulse rate had dipped down to 30. The normal rate is 65-80 beats per minute, said Dr Aparna Jaswal, senior consultant in the Department of Cardiac Pacing and Electrophysiology at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute.
She was rushed to the emergency at Fortis where she was underwent surgery which involved inserting passive leads into the heart through a blood vessel running under the collarbone. The passive leads are tested to make ensure they are functional and attached to a generator.
“Given the patient’s age, we had to ensure that the time on the operation theatre table during the surgery is as less as possible.
Additional care was also taken in choosing the hardware so that the patient of this age can withstand the surgery. We put in passive leads and implanted an MRI compatible pacemaker for any further medical interventions that may be required,” explained Jaswal.
What contributed immensely in this patient was that she had no comorbid conditions, no diabetes or hypertension, making it rare phenomena for her age. She is ready to be discharged, said Jaswal.
Dr Riaz Ahmad Malik, Senior Anaesthesiologist said that at such an age there are chances of patient failing to withstand the effect of the anaesthesia, leading to a multiple organ failure and thus extra care had to be taken.
“We are thankful to the doctors for saving the life of my great grandmother. As a fourth generation, we are fortunate to have a great grandmother in our family and are blessed with her presence,” said Devi’s great grand son Sazal Dua.
Devi has three sons, who in turn have 11 children. She is great grandmother to 13 kids.

Bodo Ramelow  Germanys first state governor from ex-communist party  assumesofficePrint
A man holds a poster which shows Bodo Ramelow during a demonstration against the election of first state governor from the party 'Die Linke' (The Left), Bodo Ramelow, in Thuringia in front of the parliament building in Erfurt, central Germany, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (Source:AP)
By: Associated Press | Berlin |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:30 pm
Germany’s first state governor from a party with communist roots has taken office, following lengthy coalition negotiations tinged by concerns over his party’s past.
The eastern state of Thuringia’s regional legislature elected the Left Party’s Bodo Ramelow as governor Friday at the head of a three-party coalition with a single-seat majority. Ramelow’s ascent follows an indecisive state election in September and ends a 24-year reign over the state by Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservative party.
Ramelow himself wasn’t a communist but his party is descended partly from East Germany’s communist rulers. President Joachim Gauck, a former East German pro-democracy activist, has signaled unease about it leading a state government.
A coalition agreement with two center-left parties sought to address those concerns by stating that East Germany was a country of “injustice.”

The India Superbike Festival 2014 will be at Pune from December 6-7: Registered yetDec 05, 2014, 04.25 PM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
The India Superbike Festival 2014 will be at Pune from December 6-7: Registered yet?
The India Superbike Festival 2014 will be at Pune from December 6-7: Registered yet?
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
The India Superbike Festival 2014 will be at Pune from December 6-7: Registered yet?
The India Superbike Festival 2014 will be at Pune from December 6-7: Registered yet?
Post your opinion here
 
The India Superbike Festival 2014 hits Pune tomorrow, from December 6 to 7. We're all geared up and ready for the road to Pune and we hope you're getting there soon too.    Shumi and Bert meanwhile are so giddy with excitement, we've had to feed them three cans of Red Bull each to calm them down. That didn't really work you know. And Rohit and Alan are polishing and waxing away all that... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

Big Lots misses Street 3Q forecasts... 
December 5, 2014 06:13 AM EST | Associated Press
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) _ Big Lots Inc. (BIG) on Friday reported a fiscal third-quarter loss of $3.4 million.
On a per-share basis, the Columbus, Ohio-based company said it had a loss of 6 cents.
The results fell short of Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for a loss of 5 cents per share.
The discount retailer posted revenue of $1.11 billion in the period, also falling short of Street forecasts. Analysts expected $1.12 billion, according to Zacks.
Big Lots expects full-year earnings to be $2.40 to $2.50 per share.
Big Lots shares have increased 48 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has increased 29 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. BIG stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Big Lots,Earnings Report

There might be a question in the minds of so many people that why i (t...Platinum Member
161 Followers
There might be a question in the minds of so many people that why I (the most bullish person is exiting). The answer is from so many days I was checking the genuinity of this stock,Its people and its assets. For that I consulted its officials made relationships and found the truth that I can not disclose.This stock can speculated to any level but it not a genuine company. So i believe its never too late. I learnt a lot on this board and from this script but I will not re enter it ever.
4.58 PM Dec 5th

What is rj doing  again losing money in sj. !!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Chaloo!!!!!!!!!!! batuka baatPlatinum Member
196 Followers
Whatsupji : its clear from your comment on SKM Engg in this forum that your comments are not to be taken seriously, Please post only if you are serious. Can one ask you the question is SKM Engg better or Jayant Agro ? why don`t you ask this question in Jayant Agro board ? Get serious or kindly spare us these inane comments.
In reply to : whatsupji message
11.07 AM Dec 7th

Manish  this has remained a penny stock for the last three years.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Army slams door on Rohtak molestersArmy slams door on Rohtak molesters
Sat Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 01, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(1/12/2014) | Last Updated: 09:08 IST(2/12/2014)
Comments
The army will not go ahead with the recruitment process of three men accused of molesting two Haryana sisters on a bus after a video of the women thrashing the alleged molesters sparked widespread outrage across the country, army sources said on Monday.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar made it clear a strong message should be sent that there was no place for such men in the army while the Haryana chief minister said the women would be honoured for their “act of bravery” on Republic Day as public support for the sisters grew on social media.
"We (the army) take such issues very seriously and we have a zero-tolerance policy. Two of the youths had cleared physical and medical tests in one of the rallies held in Haryana recently but they would not be allowed to take part in further process which is a written test," sources said.
Aarti Kuhar, 22, and her sister, Pooja, 19, were travelling in a Haryana Roadways bus on Friday on their way to Government College for Women in Rohtak district, when the three men allegedly molested them. The women protested at first and then hit back with their hands, legs and even a belt, while other passengers watched silently.
A pregnant woman, sitting next to the sisters, captured the incident on her mobile phone camera and shared it on WhatsApp. The video went viral in no time.
Watch: Haryana sisters thrash molesters in bus, mute passengers look on
“Go brave girls! #girlrising and wake up bystanders! Its shameful, the only one who intervened was a pregnant woman!” tweeted Freida Pinto, star of Academy-award winning film Slumdog Millionaire.
Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced a cash reward of Rs. 31,000 rupees each for the sisters, saying he hoped the publicity would sensitise others to the issue. “The kind of work that has been done by these two girls is praiseworthy,” he said.
A local court sent the three men to jail on Monday while the government suspended the bus driver and conductor for failing to protect the women.
The sisters, who stay with their parents in Thanakhurd village in Sonepat district, said the three men threw pieces of paper with their phone numbers at the women who did not respond. Angry at being rebuffed, the men asked them to vacate their seats.
“They said girls were meant to sit on bus bonnets and if we did not leave the seat for them, they would throw us out,” said Pooja.
Aarti said the conversation became heated but it was not until one of the men molested her that she hit them. “A pregnant lady tried to raise her voice, but the men were unmoved and continued groping us with their hands,” she added.
The incident  has once again highlighted the issue of women’s safety after the December 2012 brutal gang-rape of a young girl in Delhi that sparked nationwide protests. Haryana has also been in the news because of its skewed sex ratio and khap panchayats that routinely issue diktats against women.
(With agency inputs)

Business tips from a hostage negotiatorA hostage negotiator’s business tips
Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85618ed2-7a0c-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Advice from a man hired to instruct employees on the art of engagement  particularly listeningA hostage negotiator’s business tips
Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85618ed2-7a0c-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In the global struggle for Internet freedom  the Internet is losing  report findsBy Nancy Scola December 4 Follow @nancyscola
The year 2014 marks the moment that the world turned its attention to writing laws to govern what happens on the Internet. And that has not been a great thing, according to an annual report from the U.S.-based pro-democracy think tank Freedom House.
Traditionally, countries eager to crack down on their online critics largely resorted to blocking Web sites and filtering Internet content, with the occasional offline harassment of dissidents. But that has changed, in part because online activists have gotten better at figuring out ways around those restrictions; Freedom House points to  Greatfire , a service that takes content blocked in mainland China and hosts it on big, global platforms, like Amazon's servers, that the Chinese government finds both politically and technologically difficult to block.
In the wake of these tactics, repressive regimes have begun opting for a "technically uncensored Internet," Freedom House finds, but one that is increasingly controlled by national laws about what can and can't be done online. In 36 of the 65 countries surveyed around the world  the state of Internet freedom declined in 2014, according to the report.
Russia , for example, passed a law that allows the country's prosecutor general to block "extremist" Web sites without any judicial oversight. Kazakstan passed a similar law. Vietnam passed decrees cracking down on any critiques of the state on social media sites. Nigeria passed a law requiring that Internet cafes keep logs of the customers who come into their shops and use their computers.
There's a bigger worry at work, too, Freedom House says: the potential for a "snowball effect." More and more countries, the thinking goes, will adopt these sorts of restrictive laws. And the more that such laws are put in place, the more they fall within the range of acceptable global norms.
Also shifting those norms? According to Freedom House, "Some states are using the revelations of widespread surveillance by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) as an excuse to augment their own monitoring capabilities, frequently with little or no oversight, and often aimed at the political opposition and human rights activists."
Indeed, in the United States, too, 2014 has been a time of writing rules about the Internet into law. The Federal Communications Commission  will not manage to wrap up work on so-called net neutrality rulemaking by Dec. 31, but there's no doubt that this year marks the first time the American public got hugely engaged in the debate over how the Internet should operate within our borders.
It's worth noting that there were a few bright spots elsewhere in the report. India relaxed a rule on online access and content that it had put in place last year after riots in the country's northeast. Meanwhile, Brazil passed an "Internet bill of rights" -- called Marco Civil da Internet -- that has both net neutrality and privacy protections.
This year also saw the start of a global attempt to create a set of pro-Internet model laws under the banner of the NETmundial Initiative, with the support of Brazil and the nonprofit Internet governance organization ICANN. But that effort is only just now getting off the ground. And as the Freedom House report shows, world leaders like Russia's Vladimir Putin and others aren't waiting around for its guidance.
 
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

International sport needs governanceDecember 4, 2014 6:17 pm
International sport should not be a law unto itself
Roger Pielke
Corrupt practices can easily spill over into politics and business, writes Roger Pielke
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a78e04c-7baa-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Funding round values Uber at $40bnUber valued at $40bn in latest funding round
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/66a76576-7bdc-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What are the risks that could halt the dollar rallyThe year of the dollar? Dec 04, 2014 - 2:40 pm
With a lower oil price likely to reinforce the divergence of US and EU monetary policy, Delphine Strauss, currencies correspondent, asks Marc Chandler, strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman, what the risks are to the overwhelming consensus that the dollar will continue to rally. Also, will Japan's elections trigger another fall in the yen - and at what point will investors start to worry about the political risks for UK assets?

The first performance of Christmas BellsShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
FT’s 2014 carol: ‘Christmas Bells’
Dec 4, 2014 : Baritone Roderick Williams has written a new carol, ‘Christmas Bells’, specially commissioned by the FT, using a poem written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow during the American civil war. Laura Battle introduces its world premiere, performed by the Godwine Choir. Roderick waived his fee for the carol. He asks that you make a donation to the FT’s Seasonal Appeal for the International Rescue Committee: ft.com/seasonal-appeal.
Links:  Click here to donate to the IRC  /  Credits: Conducted by Alex Davan Wetton. Piano by Steven Neugarten. Sound recording by Robert Cooper. Camera by Steve Ager and Petros Gioumpasis. Produced by Laura Battle. Directed and edited by Josh de la Mare. With thanks to Temple Church and St George the Martyr.

Osbornes outlook was not dreamt upDecember 4, 2014 7:02 pm
Even if Osborne’s outlook is deluded, he did not dream it up
Stephanie Flanders
The UK chancellor’s view shows an understanding of constraints ahead, writes Stephanie Flanders
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa417ad0-7bad-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Teens are better than us at everything  and this teens cute mugshot is proof— A (@_ahleesah) December 1, 2014
Teens! Right?!
Some  are heralding Bathrick as the new Hot Mugshot Person for the Internet to obsess over. And, boy, is it ever!  (Sidenote: You guys know she’s 18, right? I mean, sure, 18 is an adult and all, but 18 is still teen. Kinda gross?)
Here in America we like our coffee hot, our calories uncounted and our criminal mugshots to be total babes.
But the issue here goes beyond that. What’s really going on is that #teens are having a “moment” — and we’re all just along for the ride.
Perhaps you’ve heard of the Obama daughters and their obvious, but warranted, disdain for their father’s unforgivable offense  of super embarrassing them on TV while all their friends were totally watching and UGH I bet Becky saw and is already ‘gramming snarky image macros GOD DAD.
Or maybe your speed is more risque. How about the teen who ran a prostitution ring at her high school on Facebook? What a time to be alive.
And that’s not all! We’ve got teens blazing in school . Teens tweeting at Harry Styles  10,000 times in a month . Terrible teens leaving terrible tips . Teens with funny cat yearbook photos , teens making special pizzas , teens with spray paint , teens robbing their sugar daddies .
And that’s just in the last few months!
Teens. What more can we say?

The standing problem in Zivotofsky  revisitedBy Will Baude December 4
Teaching Zivotofsky yesterday I found myself wondering: why haven’t any members of the Court questioned Zivotofsky’s standing to sue? Zivotofsky is of course the Jersualem passport case pending before the Supreme Court, which is being asked to decide whether Section 214(d) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act is constitutional. But has Zivotofsky suffered the”injury in fact” required by the Court’s standing doctrine, and thus required for the Court to decide the case?
The district court initially said “no.” It took the Court’s decision in Lujan (and now one could add Summers) to say that a violation of a statutory right isn’t adequate for standing. And it didn’t think that there was any other concrete injury outside of the legal injury. The D.C. Circuit disagreed with the first point, concluding that in general violations of statutory rights do create standing.
Co-blogger Eugene K. and Steve Vladeck went back and forth about this earlier this year. Eugene argued that the statute “does not create a ‘right’” and therefore that it can’t support standing. Steve responded that this objection really goes to the existence of a cause of action; the statute does create a right.
I’m slow to the party, but I’m wondering about something slightly more basic. What about the district court’s objection, that even if the statute does create a right, that right isn’t a cognizable injury under Article III standing doctrine? In his post, Steve had written “I don’t think there’s any question, as I’ve explained in the surveillance context , that Congress may create non-common-law rights as a general proposition, and then confer standing upon a wide array of private individuals who, through an appropriate cause of action, may enforce them.”
And while I’m sympathetic to Steve’s views here, it seems to me that some members of the Court have questioned that general proposition. This was discussed most fervently during the oral argument in First American Financial v. Edwards . Here’s Chief Justice Roberts:
Can I — I’m sorry to interrupt you, and I want to pause on that question. You said violation of a statute is injury-in-fact. I would have thought that would be called injury-in-law. And when we say, as all our standing cases have, is that what is required is injury-in-fact, I understand that to be in contradistinction to injury-in-law. And when you tell me all that you’ve got or all that you want to plead is violation of the statute, that doesn’t sound like injury-in-fact.
And again:
You say so long as the harm is a violation of the law, a legally protected interest. Our standing cases always say injury-in-fact as opposed to injury-in-law. And yet, you’re saying if you violate the law, you have sufficient injury.
Now First American Financial was eventually dismissed . The Court has called for the views of the SG in a new case that looks to me like it might raise the question again, Spokeo v. Robins , but it seems to remain an open question whether the injury-in-law skepticism will prevail. In any event: for those Justices who are skeptical, and who don’t accept Steve’s limited reading of Lujan, shouldn’t Zivotofsky’s standing actually be in serious doubt?
The standing issue doesn’t seem to have been raised in the principal briefs, although I did find this amicus brief which raises the issues (and relies on Eugene K’s post too). But because standing is jurisdictional, each Justice is supposed to satisfy himself or herself that it exists before they go on to consider the merits. It seems to me that each Justice who doubts standing in First American Financial or Spokeo ought to doubt standing here too. And if not, at a minimum they ought to explain why not.
On the other hand, if recent practice is any guide, the Court will just ignore the issue .
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Hagel says resignation followed series of conversations with presidentBy Craig Whitlock December 4 Follow @craigmwhitlock
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Thursday that he and President Obama had "no major differences" that led to his resignation. (AP)
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Thursday that he decided to resign after he and President Obama agreed that “fresh leadership” was needed at the Pentagon, but he dismissed reports that he was forced out or that there were rifts between him and the White House.
“We both came to the conclusion that I think the country was best served with new leadership,” Hagel told reporters in his first extended remarks since he submitted his resignation Nov. 24, after less than two years in the job. “But I think you have to know when to leave, too.”
Before Hagel’s comments on Thursday, neither he nor Obama had given a detailed explanation of what prompted his resignation, saying only that it was the culmination of a series of private discussions between the two leaders since October.
White House aides have hinted that Obama had lost confidence in Hagel’s ability to oversee the war against the Islamic State and U.S. military operations in Iraq and Syria. Hagel loyalists, meanwhile, have suggested that he had become fed up with White House officials trying to micromanage the Pentagon and that he felt his policy recommendations were being ignored.
At Thursday’s press conference at the Pentagon, Hagel downplayed reports of discord, saying “there were no major differences in any major area. Sure, there are always issues of style, and how you get things done, and are things moving fast enough, but this country, as I’ve said, is well served to have a president like President Obama.”
Still, Hagel steadfastly declined to elaborate on why he and Obama felt that new leadership was necessary, or to reveal details of his conversations with the president.
“With all the speculation and all the smart people figuring out what was said and what wasn’t said, only two people know what was said,” he said. “That’s the president and me.”
When Obama nominated Hagel in January 2013, he made clear that he was picking the former Nebraska senator to help wind down the war in Afghanistan, oversee a retrenchment in defense spending and ensure that troops who had served multiple tours in war zones were being taken care of.
Although Hagel was a Republican, he and Obama had gotten along well in the Senate, where both had been critical of the Iraq war and pushed for a speedy end to the conflict. As a veteran of the Vietnam War, where he served as an enlisted soldier and was seriously wounded, Hagel spoke with authority about the human toll of combat and how the nation’s leaders should send troops into battle only as a last resort.
Hagel still carries shrapnel in his chest from when he was nearly blown up by the Vietcong. During his time as defense secretary, he has occasionally referred to his time in the Army, but perhaps due to his Midwestern roots, he is usually modest and never dwells on the personal hardships he endured.
On Thursday, however, he choked up briefly when he volunteered that it happened to be the 46th anniversary of the day when he returned from Vietnam to the United States, having survived a year of the war.
“If anybody would have told Sergeant Hagel walking off that plane with my duffel bag where I’d be 46 years down the road, that would have been pretty hard for me to believe it,” he said, just before he ended the press conference. “I mean, the privileges I’ve had have just been tremendous.”
Craig Whitlock covers the Pentagon and national security. He has reported for The Washington Post since 1998.

Why Apple is in court over iPod software it stopped using in 2009By Hayley Tsukayama December 4 Follow @htsuka
Two iPod players circa 2009, when Apple stopped putting rights technology limitations on music. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File)
Apple is embroiled in another trial this week, with lawyers spending time in a California courtroom debating whether or not the company was acting in an anticompetitive manner toward music player competitors such as RealNetworks between 2007 and 2009. Here's a primer on the basics of this case and what's at stake.
It deals with allegedly anticompetitive behavior on the iPod. The case deals specifically with the way that Apple handled files on the iPod between 2006 and 2009.
It's hard to overstate the impact that the success of the iPod had on Apple -- and the strategy that it set for every product the company has released since. The iPod represented the first time that Apple successfully linked hardware and software together by tying the iPod to the iTunes store. The iPod certainly wasn't the first MP3 player, but it did end up being the most successful in large part because it was hooked into a store that Apple completely controlled.
For many years, users couldn't play songs they'd purchased on other music services on the iPod, and also couldn't play their Apple-purchased music on any non-iPod player. That's the technology being discussed here, though there have been no digital rights management limitations on Apple's music since 2009. But the case has been wending its way through the courts for a decade, and was finally given the go-ahead for trial earlier this year, as the San Jose Mercury News reported.
Lawyers say Apple was crazed in its pursuit of market share. The latest accusation lobbed against Apple claims that the company actively erased music purchased from other sites when people updated their iPods.
Lawyers arguing against Apple have pointed to this as evidence that Apple was determined to keep iPod users hooked only on its own service, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal . That would also keep them coming back to the iPod when it was time to upgrade, since all of the music was locked to Apple's device.
According to the Journal's report, attorney Patrick Coughlin said Apple decided to give users' "the worst possible experience and blow up" their music libraries in an effort to protect the contracts that Apple worked out with music labels to get music into the iTunes store. 
Apple says it was just really worried about hacking. Apple has said that the reason that it scrubbed competitors' music off of the iPod was for security.
Apple attorney William Isaacson said that hackers had been trying to put files on the iPod that would help them figure out how to hack the system. Allowing software from RealNetworks and other competitors "posed a danger to the consumer experience and to the quality of the product," Isaacson told the court, according to a report from Reuters.
But company officials did say that they purposefully did not tell users that their non-iTunes music was disappearing. As the Journal reported , Apple security director Augustin Farrugia testified that Apple didn't want to "give users too much information" on how the software worked -- ostensibly to avoid user confusion.
And videotaped testimony from 2011 starring Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, does show that the executive wasn't afraid to play hardball with competitors. In the deposition, Reuters reported, Jobs asked if RealNetworks even still existed,  in response to an opening question about whether he was familiar with the company. (They did then, and still do .) And, when asked if Apple's statement about RealNetworks's software sounded "angry" -- including a draft of a press release that likened the company's software to hacking -- Jobs said that a "strong response from Apple would be a lawsuit."
There's a lot of money at stake... The class action is asking for $350 million in damages for a class of around 8 million people. If Apple loses the case, customers who bought iPods between Sept. 12, 2006, and March 31, 2009, may be eligible for a small payment.
That's a lot of cash -- though maybe not quite as much for Apple, which made $8.5 billion in profits last quarter alone. Still, making big settlements is probably not a habit Apple would like to get into. The company has already agreed to pay up to $450 million to settle a class action over e-book pricing. Half a billion here, half a billion there, and those settlements can add up.
...but it's unlikely to change much, if anything, about Apple's current business. For one, even if a judge does find against Apple in this particular trial, the company has shown in the past that it's not at all hesitant about filing appeals. After all, Apple was found liable in a 2013 Justice Department suit for colluding with publishers to raise the price of e-books in 2013 -- a case the company has appealed and has said it will take all the way up to the Supreme Court, if it has to.
And, apart from the fact that the technology in question here was phased out in 2009, it's also a fact that the iPod is much less important to Apple's overall business than it used be. In its latest earnings call, the company disclosed that sales were down 28 percent from the same period last year. Apple has also decided to report iPod sales in a category with Apple TV, accessory and Apple Watch sales from now on; the music players used to have their own category on the balance sheet.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Mamata hits back with  bamboo up the backside  remarkEYE BROWSE
Mamata hits back with ‘bamboo up the backside’ remark
In her signature style, Mamata said, "Bamboos grow in jungle and are often used in building houses. But when you try to give bamboo to somebody, and if backfires, it actually chases you. Only then you realise the real fun.”
Yahoo India –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014
Print
KOLKATA: Days after BJP president Amit Shah claimed that money from the Saradha scam was being channeled to fund terror, union minister Jitendra Singh informed the Parliament that a probe, so far, has not revealed any concrete link between the scam money and terrorism.
A few hours after Jitendra Singh’s statement,  a triumphant Mamata Banerjee hit back at Amit Shah, saying that some people were always busy finding ways to give 'bamboo on the backside'.
In her signature style, Mamata said, "Bamboos grow in jungle and are often used in building houses. But when you try to give bamboo to somebody, and if backfires, it actually chases you. Only then you realise the real fun.”
Such speeches were welcome if they were true “but what is being said are all untrue and lies,” the chief minister said during a rally in north Bengal.
“Amake chamkale ami gorjai. Amake dhamkale ami borshai (I roar if I am threatened. and if anybody tries to browbeat me then I pour out),” Mamata said.
“We are working for the betterment of people.” Banerjee’s statement came soon after the Centre denied any link between the Burdwan blast and Saradha scam. However, the allegations leveled by Shah were squarely denied by MoS Jitender Singh in Parliament on Wednesday.
Outlining various development projects taken up by her government for north Bengal, Banerjee said the government was not in the habit of forgetting projects after they had been inaugurated.
With mentioning Amit Shah, the Bengal chief minister lashed out saying that she has no issues if people speak the truth but just because they have a channel they can't continue to dish out lies.
The outburst came after union minister Jitendra Singh informed parliament that the probe so far has not revealed any transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities.
"The investigation has so far not revealed any such transaction where money was routed to Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities. The matter is under investigation," Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office Jitendra Singh informed the Lok Sabha in a written response.
He was replying to a question whether the government sought details of the probe after reports said a part of the money was routed to Bangladesh.
Bharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah claimed during a party rally in Kolkata that money from the Saradha chit fund was used to fund the Burdwan blast and the Trinamool Congress government was trying to save the accused.
He alleged involvement of Trinamool leaders in the blast, and accused West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of compromising national security by hindering the NIA probe into the blast in which Bangladeshi militants were involved. (Agencies)
Recommend

Modi says minister has apologised  let the House functionEYE BROWSE
PM Modi says minister has apologised, let the House function
Prime Minister Modi said that union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has apologised and that the House should be allowed to now function.
Yahoo India –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Under intense pressure to sack Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her tirade against minorities, Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged the opposition to allow parliamentary proceedings to function as he has criticised strongly the language used by the junior union minister.
Modi told the Rajya Sabha Thursday that Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has 'apologised' for her abusive remark during a poll rally in Delhi.
Prime Minister Modi said that union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has apologised and that the House should be allowed to now function.
Making a statement in the Rajya Sabha, which has been witnessing protests over Jyoti's remark, Modi said: "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has apologised... the house should gracefully accept that and carry forward its business in national interest."
"When I got to know about the statement, there was a meeting of my party. Very strongly I disapproved the language and said even in the heat of elections we should avoid such comment... even before the issue was raised in house, I took it up," he added.
The prime minister said: "The minister, who is new, has come to the house for the first time. We know her background, she apologised."
"It is also a lesson for us, we must follow the dos and don'ts."
NDTV quoted the Prime Minister saying: 'We should avoid making such statements and using such language. She has apologized and the House should gracefully accept that and continue its work in national interest.'
The opposition have continued demanding the resignations of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti who used foul language in her speech at a Delhi BJP rally.
"Aapko tay karna hai ki Dilli mein sarkar Ramzadon ki banegi ya haramzadon ki. (You have to decide if you want a government in Delhi to be led by children of Lord Ram or illegitimate children)," she was quoted as saying.
The comment was widely believed to have been an attack on the legitimacy of the country's Muslim and Christian minorities.
The opposition, however, refused to relent.
Congress leader Anand Sharma said: "It is not about the minister's experience. We do not have bad feelings against anyone as a person... The constitution does not accept such statement, so the opposition urges, to respect constitution, tough action must be taken, and the minister should be dismissed."
Jaitley, who is Leader of the House, too wooed the opposition.
"Prime minister has made a statement, and the opposition has stated its position. Let us get on with the work," Jaitley said.
The upper house, which had already witnessed one adjournment before the prime minister's statement, however, continued to be disrupted by opposition members who refused to relent and said the minister should be sacked.
Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M) leader Sitaram Yechury said: "Niranjan Jyoti's apology means she has committed a crime. She must resign." (Agencies)
Recommend

NASA Tries Again to Launch New Orion SpacecraftIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

India records highest deaths among under-five childrenBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:48 pm
India reports the highest number of deaths among children below the age of five years, annually due to pneumonia and diarrhoea, according to an international report, the government told Lok Sabha on Friday.
India has 3.18 lakh under-five children deaths annually due to the two diseases and the countries with high burden of such deaths are Nigeria, Pakistan, China, Afghanistan, Sudan and Bangladesh among others, Health Minister J P Nadda said.
The Union government has however not conducted any study in this regard, he said in a written reply to a question.
The Minister said government is carrying out a number of child health interventions for prevention and control of the two diseases.
Among the key measures taken are promotion of early and exclusive breast-feeding, promotion of appropriate infant and young child feeding practices, promoting use of zinc and ORS with IRS packets and zinc tablets being made available free of cost at health facilities, he said.

http://bit.ly/1CIR3B1The 5 Things Every New Camera Owner Needs
If you just got a DSLR for the holidays, here's what to get next.
Brendan Nystedt
December 04, 2014
So you were just given (or gave yourself) a shiny new camera for the holidays. Congrats, you're about to embark upon one of life's most rewarding hobbies! But before you go out into the wide world in search of your inner shutterbug, there are a few accessories that you might want to seek out.
These suggestions will make your life easier, keep your camera working correctly, and hopefully provide the potential to improve your photos .
1. Cleaning Supplies
Giottos Rocket Blower is more handy than you might think. [Image credit: Flickr user Adam Wyles (CC BY-ND 2.0)]
Okay, this might not be the most exciting way to spend your hard-earned money, but trust us: Your camera will thank you for it later. When it comes to owning a camera—particularly an interchangeable-lens model—dust and fingerprints are a fact of life. And if you don't stay on top of things, they can quickly become a waking nightmare.
With a pack of microfiber cloths, some lens-cleaning fluid, and a Giottos Rocket Blower , it's easy to wipe away any grime from your lenses and blast dust out of hard-to-reach crevices.
DSLR and mirrorless camera owners who change lenses on a regular basis will find that, over time, blobs will appear in photos. That means you've got dust on your sensor, and it's time for a cleaning. You can do a simple "dry cleaning" using the aforementioned rocket blower, but more persistent spots will require a wet cleaning. For that, we'd suggest a trusted option like the Copperhill Method , along with a steady pair of hands.
(If you're not comfortable, though, don't force it. Send your camera to the manufacturer for a thorough cleaning.)
2. A Better Strap
Most larger cameras come with a strap in the box, but they're often cheaply made and function as little more than free advertising for camera makers. In more dangerous settings, they're also a great way to advertise to thieves that you're carrying a Nikon or Canon that's ripe for the picking.
Anyway, third-party straps can not only be an aesthetic improvement, but add functionality, too. Many shooters love BlackRapid straps , since they keep your DSLR easily accessible at your waist. These straps attach to a tripod mount instead of using a camera's built-in strap lugs, so the camera hangs lens-down, putting the grip right where your dangling hand will meet it.
You could be this happy with a new camera strap, too. [Image credit: Blackrapid)
If you want something more traditional, companies like DSPTCH and A7 sell nylon and leather camera straps that are proudly Made in the USA. There are even boutique strap makers like Gordy's , whose handmade leather straps are iconic in camera geek circles.
No matter what you're in the market for, a good strap is a purchase that keeps on giving, saving you money every time it saves your camera from certain doom on the cold, hard ground.
3. Spare Batteries
Most digital cameras come with a battery, but a backup can be a real lifesaver. If you're using a small mirrorless camera or a DSLR with live view, the camera's always-on LCD screen can really chew through battery. Having a fully-charged second cell on hand means you can leave the charger at home and focus on the pleasure of shooting, instead of keeping a nervous eye on the battery meter.
Even though many third-party batteries are just as good as the genuine article, you should be sure to check user reviews of the brand you're looking to buy. If you're worried about getting a dud, buy in person at your local camera store so you can make sure it works and fits your camera before you take it home.
A spare battery is a must-buy for some cameras.
4. A Solid Tripod
A good tripod will last you a lifetime. Because tripods are compatible with all types of cameras, this is more of an investment than some of the other accessories we've recommended. And speaking from experience, premium tripods like those you'd buy from Manfrotto , Giottos , or Three Legged Thing will last way, way longer than a plasticky $25 piece of junk.
Moreover, if you ever misplace the camera mounting plate, these more established companies sell replacements through major retailers—something that may be impossible to get for a cheap, off-brand tripod.
5. Knowledge
Okay, so this isn't something you can just one-click buy from Amazon, but it's something you'll absolutely need.
If you don’t know how to operate your camera or aren't familiar with the basics of photography, you're probably better off sticking to your smartphone. If you want to get the most out of your shiny new camera, you'll need to do a little research.
Most importantly: get out there and shoot! Make new friends and learn to see your world differently.  [Image credit: Flickr user Elias Pirasteh (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)]
Of course, that doesn't mean you need to go back to school and get a degree in photography.
Companies like Lynda.com and KelbyOne are happy to sell you access to high-quality online learning materials, if you're the self-motivated type. If you need outside encouragement or don't want to spend the coin, you can join a local photography group and get advice from your peers. And there are plenty of other ways to expand your photographic horizons. Find books about photography in the library. Go to YouTube and browse photography advice there.
More than any other single investment, this is the one that will really pay dividends.

Balfour Beatty rejects 1bn JLIF offerBalfour Beatty rejects £1bn JLIF offer
Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67f27af6-7c54-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bob Diamond backs Grassroot SoccerDecember 5, 2014 12:18 am
Bob Diamond backs Grassroot Soccer
Edited by Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38b292ee-7bdc-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Militants fire at cop s residence in Meghalayas East Garo Hills district headquartersBy: Press Trust of India | Shillong |
Posted: December 5, 2014 3:07 pm
A senior police officer and his family members had a close shave when armed militants attacked his official residence in Meghalaya’s East Garo Hills district headquarters, police said on Friday.
In a daring attack, militants, suspected to belong to the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), went to the official residence of Additional SP R T G Momin, and fired randomly from AK series rifles damaging the outer walls of the residence last night, SP Davis N R Marak said.
The officer was supervising law and order duty in other areas of the town when the attack took place even as his family members had a narrow escape through the back entry of the house, the official said.
“The armed militants had planned to detonate a powerful IED through a remote device as soon as the police teams rushed in but our personnel spotted the device concealed in a plastic bag outside the compound,” he told PTI.
The incident took place at around 9 PM when crowds were out on the streets of Williamnagar celebrating the last day of the winter festival organized by the district administration, they said.
The SP said the district police had received inputs of possible attacks at the winter festival but in view of the strict security apparatus, the militants carried on the attack somewhere else.
“Security in Williamnagar was beefed up with frisking of vehicles and commuters making it difficult for the militants to target the festival site and this could have provoked the attack at the officer’s house,” the SP said.
More than ten empty shells and three live rounds were recovered from the spot where the militants fired on the police officer’s quarters.
The militants also left behind a five kg IED bomb near the main gate.
Preliminary investigation by police indicated that three militants had come with an intention to create a major havoc in the town, Marak said.

SpiceJet trims fleet size to 22 from 35 | Stock dives 14%; Jhunjhunwala keeps faithSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet Ltd cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India had reinstated its credit facility after the airline resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes it money beyond a certain threshold.
SpiceJet stock had tumbled 12.7 percent by 0855 GMT in a flat market, and it has lost a quarter of its value this week.
India's second-biggest budget carrier said last week it was in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital. The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
SpiceJet is losing money in a market where competition with rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain comparatively high, and the majority of India's larger carriers are loss-making.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

PM Modi named Asian of the Year by Singapore...PM Narendra Modi named Asian of the Year by Singapore daily
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.10PM IST
The editors of Singapore's leading daily, The Straits Times, accorded Modi this honour for being a development-focused leader.
ET SPECIAL:
SINGAPORE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi was today named " Asian of the Year " for being development-focused leader of India by editors of Singapore's leading daily, The Straits Times .
"Despite being relatively new to the job, he has already made a mark on Asia, reaching out to neighbours and receiving national leaders including Xi Jinping of China and Tony Abbott of Australia," said the Singapore Press Holdings Limited, publisher of the daily.
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
"Mr Modi has got India and the world excited about his country's prospects again. He has given his people a renewed sense of direction and purpose, and there are hopeful signs that he is minded to using his strong mandate to good effect in one of Asia's major powers. We wish him and India every success," Warren Fernandez, editor of the daily said.
On the economy, Modi's call for a Make in India campaign, if pursued to its logical conclusion with a friendlier investment climate and less rigid labour norms, could help fire up the growth engines of the USD 2 trillion economy and provide welcome ballast to the region when the top Asian economy China is slowing, and Japan is in recession.
"Economists project that as early as next year, India could pick up the growth baton from China. Given its huge market, its travellers who fill up hotel rooms and cruise ship cabins from Singapore to Sydney, its hunger for capital goods and commodities, a resurgent India will be a boon for the region and the world," the editors said in their citation.
Politically and socially, Modi has energised India with his stirring calls for a development focus. In January, he will receive US President Barack Obama, the first time that a US leader will be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day celebrations in India, the citation said.
"We look forward to presenting the award to Mr Modi in person at his convenience," Ravi Velloor, Straits Times foreign editor, said.
The editors' choice was based on several factors. Modi was picked for being development-focused Prime Minister of India who fashioned an impressive victory for BJP in the polls.
In every December, editors of the Singapore daily pick an Asian whose actions have significantly impacted his own society or the wider Asian continent in the 12 months past.
Last year, the award was shared by Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The inaugural award, in 2012, went to President Thein Sein of Myanmar.

http://bit.ly/1CIWik4
Modi named  Asian of the Year  by Singapore s Straits TimesModi named 'Asian of the Year' by Singapore's Straits Times
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 5:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was today named ‘Asian of the Year’ for being a development-focused leader by editors of Singapore’s leading daily, The Straits Times.
“Despite being relatively new to the job, he has already made a mark on Asia, reaching out to neighbours and receiving national leaders including Xi Jinping of China and Tony Abbott of Australia,” said the Singapore Press Holdings Ltd, publisher of the daily.
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
“Mr Modi has got India and the world excited about his country’s prospects again. He has given his people a renewed sense of direction and purpose, and there are hopeful signs that he is minded to using his strong mandate to good effect in one of Asia’s major powers. We wish him and India every success,” Warren Fernandez, editor of the daily said.
On the economy, Modi’s call for a Make in India campaign, if pursued to its logical conclusion with a friendlier investment climate and less rigid labour norms, could help fire up the growth engines of the $2-trillion economy and provide welcome ballast to the region when the top Asian economy China is slowing, and Japan is in recession.
“Economists project that as early as next year, India could pick up the growth baton from China. Given its huge market, its travellers who fill up hotel rooms and cruise ship cabins from Singapore to Sydney, its hunger for capital goods and commodities, a resurgent India will be a boon for the region and the world,” the editors said in their citation.
Politically and socially, Modi has energised India with his stirring calls for a development focus. In January, he will receive US President Barack Obama, the first time that a US leader will be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day celebrations in India, the citation said.
“We look forward to presenting the award to Mr Modi in person at his convenience,” Ravi Velloor, Straits Times foreign editor, said.
The editors’ choice was based on several factors. Modi was picked for being a development-focused Prime Minister of India who fashioned an impressive victory for BJP in the polls.
Every December, editors of the Singapore daily pick an Asian whose actions have significantly impacted his own society or the wider Asian continent in the 12 months past.
Last year, the award was shared by Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The inaugural award, in 2012, went to President Thein Sein of Myanmar.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Aurobindo Pharma completes acquisition of Natrol IncHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aurobindo completes $132.5-m Natrol acquisition
G Naga Sridhar
The US arm of the Hyderabad-based company had last month won a bankruptcy auction for the firm with its bid
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
Aurobindo Pharma has completed the acquisition of nutritional supplement maker Natrol Inc.
The US arm of the Hyderabad-based company had last month won a bankruptcy auction for the firm with its bid of $132.5 million.
The assets have been acquired under a wholly-owned subsidiary, Nature Acquisition LLC, and since changed to Natrol LLC.
N Govindarajan, Managing Director, Aurobindo, said in a release: “Natrol comes with certain well-established brands and an extensive distribution network consisting of retail pharmacy chains and specialty health-food stores."
Mesrop Khoudagoulian, Natrol CEO, said the company was looking forward to work with the Aurobindo team to further expand its over-the-counter product portfolio and reach.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

11 securitymen dead in attack on Uri Army camp | One killed in grenade attack11 securitymen, 6 militants killed in attack on Uri Army camp
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SRINAGAR: Militants today struck in a big way two days ahead of the Prime Minister's visit to Jammu and Kashmir, storming an Army camp in Uri in Baramulla district, killing 11 security personnel, including a Lt Col, and following it up with multiple attacks in Srinagar Tral and Shopian.
A top LeT commander and seven militants were also killed in the incidents that left one civilian dead.
In a pre-dawn attack ahead of third phase of J-K Assembly elections on December 9, heavily armed militants killed 8 Army men and three policemen around 3.10 AM at the army camp in Mohra in Uri tehsil of north Kashmir's Baramulla district.
Six militants were also killed in the attack at the Army camp which is 20 km from the Line of Control (LoC), official sources said.
Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar of Punjab Regiment and seven Army personnel were among the dead. While bodies of four army personnel were charred, one had burn injuries and the other three had bullet injuries, the sources said.
Six AK rifles with 55 magazines, two shotguns, 2 Night Vision Binoculars, 4 Radio Sets, 32 unused Grenades, one Medical Kit and a large quantity of miscellaneous warlike stores were recovered from the dead terrorists.
Uri is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi is due to campaign on Monday. The sources said that Modi will go ahead with his visit to the Valley where he is slated to address a rally.
In Rajouri of Jammu region, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said Pakistan should immediately take steps to stop this. "If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this, then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them.
He said infiltration continues from across the border and the militants enter from Pakistan and create destruction here. "Is Pakistan not answerable to this?" he asked.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, "It is possible that this has happened because of elections."
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a "desperate attempt" to disrupt peace and normalcy.
"Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy," he tweeted.
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.

Cross-border tax evasion of Rs 9 951 crore d...The customs field formations, including Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, detected 1,914 cases involving tax evasion worth Rs 4,769.25 crore in 2013-14.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Tax authorities detected as many as 4,590 cases involving cross border tax evasion of Rs 9,951 crore in the last three financial years.
In the current fiscal through September, 672 cases have been detected and the value of tax evasion was Rs 1,379.57 crore, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The customs field formations, including Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, detected 1,914 cases involving tax evasion worth Rs 4,769.25 crore in 2013-14.
The number of cases detected in 2012-13 and 2011-12 was 1,487 and 1,189, respectively, involving tax evasion of Rs 2,207.55 crore and Rs 2,975.14 crore respectively.
Jaitley further said all field formations of Customs including Directorate of Revenue Intelligence have been sensitised to thwart and prevent any attempt of cross border tax evasion.
Scrutiny of periodic returns filed by the Central Excise assessees is done regularly.
Periodic audit of returns and financial records of Central Excise assessees is carried out and focus is given to collection of information and faster investigation of cases of evasion of central excise duties.
To another question, Jaitley said 1,396 Tax Evasion Petitions (TEPs) were received in Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) since July 1 which have been disseminated to the respective income-tax authorities for appropriate action.
He said TEPs regarding undisclosed income/assets are received by the government on regular basis.
Some TEPs are received in the CBDT which are forwarded to jurisdictional income-tax authorities for appropriate action while others are received by the income-tax authorities directly.
Each TEP is taken into cognizance for further course of action, depending upon nature of information and facts and circumstances of the case.

India sends aircraft to resolve water crisis...India sends aircraft, vessels to resolve water crisis in Male
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.37PM IST
PM Modi has promised full assistance to the people and leadership of Maldives, a statement by the Indian High Commission in Male said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MALE/NEW DELHI: With the Maldivian capital facing an acute water crisis after a fire in the city's water treatment plant, India today sent an IAF transport aircraft and naval vessels carrying a large consignment of water to meet the immediate requirement of over 100,000 people.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj are seized of the crisis and have promised full assistance to the people and leadership of Maldives, a statement by the Indian High Commission in Male said.
"Mindful of the strong, friendly and close relations between India and the Maldives, India reacted with alacrity and promptness to the request from the Maldives for timely provision of water," the High Commission said.
The first aircraft (IL 76) arrived in Male today at 1315 hrs carrying a large consignment of water to meet the immediate requirement.
It was received by Col (Retd) Mohamed Nazim, Minister of Defence and National Security of Maldives, also the Head of the task force setup to deal with the water crisis, along with Fisheries Minister Shainee, Environment Minister Thoriq Ibrahim, Ambassador Abdul Hameed and Vice Chief of Defence Forces.
Subsequently two more aircrafts - IL 76 and C 17 - would be arriving later in the day.
Indian Navy's patrol vessel INS Sukanya would arrive in Male tonight and would be stationed to produce water round the clock to meet the water crisis.
It is carrying 35 tonnes of fresh water and has two Reverse Osmosis (RO) plants onboard which have a capacity of producing 20 tonnes of fresh water per day.
Apart from this, a large tanker vessel INS Deepak has also set sail from Mumbai. Two more offshore patrol vessels (OPVs) have been kept on stand-by, for any future requirements.
"Defence Minister Nazim expressed his deepest appreciation and heartfelt thanks for India's prompt response to alleviate the problems of Maldivians in the true spirit of our close and time-tested ties," the statement said.
A major fire broke out at the Male Water and Sewerage Company (MWSC) generator control panel on December 4, causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator to the Distillation plants and disconnection of water supply.
The only water available at Male is stored in tanks and sumps and is being supplied for one hour every twelve hours.
The city, located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean, has no natural water source and entirely depends on treated sea water.

NASA Prepares for Orion LaunchHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Government committed to ensure transparency in governance: Jitendra SinghThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thinking of buying a car Here are 7 Budget Cars expected to hit the road before March 2015Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Militants attack Army camp in Uri  10 killedLetters to the editor
A Lt Colonel and six Army personnel besides three policemen were killed in a pre-dawn attack by militants today on an Army camp in Uri area of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district which is going to polls on December 9.
Five militants were also among those killed in the attack that comes just four days ahead of third phase of Assembly polls in Uri and six other constituencies of Baramulla district.
Militants carried out the attack on the army camp at Mohra in Uri tehsil at around 3.10 AM and engaged the security forces in a fierce gunbattle, police officials said.
Uri, which is near the Line of Control, is about 100 km northwest of Srinagar, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi due to campaign on Monday.
Official sources said seven Army personnel including a Lt Col, three policemen and five militants were among those killed in the attacks.
Army, however, confirmed the killing of only four personnel including the Lt Col.
In Delhi, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, “It is possible that this has happened because of elections… We will eliminate the remaining militants who are trapped.”
Police said at least six militants had infiltrated into the Valley from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir recently.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the attack was a “desperate attempt” to disrupt peace and normalcy.
“Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy,” he tweeted.
Omar said Jammu and Kashmir Police and army were responding to the attack.
“Militants have struck an army camp in North Kashmir between Baramulla and Uri. Security force casualties are feared. It’s an ongoing encounter,” he said.
On December 2, Army foiled an infiltration bid in Handwara area of Kupwara district killing six militants while one army personnel was also killed. The infiltration bid was foiled even as people in Kupwara district were voting to elect their representatives.
TAGS: Kashmir Militants Attack
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Maharashtra Assembly: Fadnavis expands ministry  5 each from Shiv Sena  BJPsworn-inWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:30 am
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis expanded his cabinet on Friday by inducting 20 ministers, taking its strength to 30 with the lead partner BJP weighing more in favour of candidates from the Vidarbha region, which yielded rich dividends for the party in the state polls. BJP’s alliance partner Shiv Sena that formally joined the government chose to include more candidates from its stronghold — Mumbai and Thane — in the cabinet.
The 20 new ministers took the oath of office at a simple function held on the lawns of Vidhan Bhawan in south Mumbai on Friday. After the expansion, BJP has 20 ministers, while Sena has 10 representatives in the government. Five each from BJP and Sena were given cabinet positions , while an equal number from both the parties were made ministers of state.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray along with his family members attended the function where all the Sena ministers evoked the name of  Bal Thackeray while taking the oath.
From Shiv Sena, Diwakar Raote, Eknath Shinde, Subash Desai, Deepak Sawant and Ramdas Kadam took oath as cabinet members, while Girish Bapat, Girish Mahajan, Chandrashekhar Bawankule, Rajkumar Badole and Babanrao Lonikar  were BJP’s fresh inclusion in the cabinet.
Meanwhile, with Shiv Sena joining the government, Congress has now staked its claim over the Leader of Opposition post in the assembly for its legislature party leader Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil.
BJP sources said that apart from ensuring a regional balance, the party has also tried to accommodate candidates belonging to Maratha, OBC, Tribal, Scheduled Caste and Brahmin communities to convey a message that the party was committed to inclusive politics.  They said given the fact that BJP managed to win 43 of the 62 seats it contested in Vidarbha, those who won from that belt had to be given a preference. The CM himself is from Nagpur.
The other five ministers were from western Maharashtra (two), north Maharashtra (two) and Marathawada (one). BJP’s Vidarbha representation was in form of Chandrashekhar Bawankule (OBC), Rajkumar Badole (SC) and Amrish Atram Raje, a tribal from Gadchiroli.
In a marked departure from the past, BJP has inducted two members of Legislative Council —  Praveen Pote and Ranjit Patil  — in the government.
Similarly, Shiv Sena, whose strength is primarily in Mumbai, Thane and Konkan, appeared to have decided on its selection of ministers keeping in mind the party’s vote base. Five ministers from the party were from Mumbai and Thane.
Sena too appears to have leaned in favour of  members from Legislative Council by going for Diwakar Raote, Deepak Sawant, Subash Desai  and Ramdas Kadam.
Total ministers who took the oath: 20
Cabinet rank ministers: 10
Girish Bapat (BJP); Girish Mahajan (BJP), Chandrashekhar Bawankule (BJP); Babanrao Lonikar (BJP); Rajkumar Sudam Badole (BJP); Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena); Subash Desai (Shiv Sena); Ramdas Kadam (Shiv Sena); Eknath Shinde (Shiv Sena); Deepak Sawant (Shiv Sena)
Ministers of State: 10
Ram Shinde (BJP); Vijay Deshmukh (BJP); Amrish Atram Raje (BJP); Ranjit Patil (BJP), Praveen Pote (BJP); Sanjay Rathod (Shiv Sena); Dadaji Dagdu Bhuse (Shiv Sena); Vijay Shivtare (Shiv Sena); Deepak Kesarkar (Shiv Sena); Ravindra Waikar (Shiv Sena)

Opposition guns for Sadhvi Jyoti as PM Modi rules out her sacking; logjam continues inParliamentPosted: December 5, 2014 5:02 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:25 pm
 
Concerned over the impasse in Rajya Sabha over Union Minister Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks, Deputy Chairman P J Kurien on Friday directed the leaders of opposition parties and the government to sit together and hammer out a solution by Monday.
Kurien adjourned the House for the day at about 3.15 PM after it failed to transact any business for the fourth consecutive day today with an agitated opposition insisting on the sacking of the Minister.
“Leaders of the opposition parties and government should sit together and work out a solution by Monday. The Chair cannot take a decision,” Kurien, who was in the Chair, observed.
His observations came after the House witnessed four adjournments before the Chair called it a day as opposition uproar continued over the demand and members insisted on a resolution to condemn the Sadhvi’s remarks.
“There is an impasse between the government and the opposition and as long as this issue is not resolved we will not allow the House to run,” said Deputy Leader of Opposition Anand Sharma when Kurien pleaded that private members’ bill be taken up.
The Congress member charged the government with forcing a stalemate in the House. Kurien said he did not find any use in furthering the discussion before adjourning the House.
With a black band around his mouth, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi also joined other opposition leaders in a protest at Parliament against the abusive comments made by Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
Earlier, when the House met after lunch members trooped into the Well demanding sacking of the Union Minister, forcing the Chair to adjourn it within barely 10 minutes of sitting.
Satyavrat Chaturvedi (Cong) contended, “Expression of the Prime Minister’s speech is almost identical to the resolution, we are making. What is the problem for the government?”
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the issue should be “closed” as the Prime Minister himself has “strongly disapproved” of the remarks in the House.
The Minister concerned too was in the House and had apologised, he said adding that senior Ministers Arun Jaitleyand Venkiah Naidu had also disapproved of it in the House.
Seeking truce with agitating opposition members over controversial remarks made by Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said the matter should be put to rest after her apology, but it failed to satisfy them.
Making a statement in the Lok Sabha, he emphasised that everyone should understand limits in public discourse.
“… it is our duty that we understand our limits in public life and stay within our limits while making public discourse.
“Now we should allow the matter to rest and we should continue with our work in national interest,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister’s statement, however, failed to mollify the opposition members, including Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, who had tied black cloth on their mouth, as they staged a walkout.
Stating that the Rajya Sabha has not been functioning for some time now, Modi said, “I am grateful to all members of the Lok Sabha that they allowed the House to function despite the sensitivity of the issue.”
After Modi’s statement, Leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
“We are not against any individual” nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he said and wanted to know what action government is taking in this regard.
While opposition members continued to agitate after the Prime Minister’s statement, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed (IUML) was heard saying that the government was not listening to the opposition. Soon, members from Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and AAP staged a walk out.
Meanwhile, BSP supremo Mayawati on Friday slammed BJP for playing the “dalit card” to defend Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti over her controversial remarks and claimed she did not belong to the community .
“BJP is saying that she is a dalit woman and this is untrue. Playing dalit card in not right. The minister neither belongs to the dalit community nor does she hail from scheduled caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste.
 

NHRC notice to UP  Bihar governments over bondedlabourBy: PTI | Lucknow |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:59 pm
National Human Rights Commission has issued notices to the District Magistrate of Mirzapur and Labour Commissioners of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar governments over rescue of 50 alleged bonded labourers from a brick kiln at Sinhar village area of Mirzapur.
Taking suo motu cognizance of a PTI report, the commission has issued notices to the District Magistrate; Labour Commissioner of UP government and Labour Commissioner of Bihar government, calling for reports within two weeks about the number of labourers rescued and monetary relief and rehabilitation provided to them, an NHRC release said here today.
The raid was carried out by the Labour Department on December 1. Most of the rescued labourers hailed from Bihar.
The kiln owner had failed to produce the minimum wage register during the raid.

Frustrating to prove yourself everytime in showbiz: RoseByrneBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:58 pm
Bridesmaids’ actress Rose Byrne sometimes thinks about quitting acting because she finds it frustrating having to prove herself time and again. Bryne, 35, said she turned her back on show business because she does not think she would find anything else she enjoyed as much, reported Contactmusic.
“I’ve always felt the need to prove (myself) again and again, and that can take its toll. On a frustrating day, it’s like, ‘Ugh, I want to do something else,’ but I know essentially it’s what I love to do the most, even when there are times that it’s hard,” she said.
The ‘Damages’ star thinks acting is more of a beauty pageant for women these days and she feels men are still offered better roles.
“(Glenn Close and I) talk about how (acting) is a completely different game now. There wasn’t as much scrutiny and it wasn’t such a beauty pageant before.
“It’s hard, especially in this business and especially for women. I hate to be a broken record about it, but if I compared my career to my male contemporaries, I feel like they get a lot more opportunities to play lead roles and have a potential story in something, whereas women’s roles as the wife or the mother are limited. It’s a harder thing for women to navigate,” she said.

One killed  six injured in grenade attack by militants in southKashmirBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:55 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 4:57 pm
One person was killed and six others were injured on Friday when militants hurled a grenade at a crowded bus stand in Pulwama district of south Kashmir, police said.
Unidentified militants lobbed the grenade on a security patrol at Tral bus stand, 35 km from Srinagar, killing Ghulam Hasan Mir (60) and injuring six others, the police said.
The injured were immediately rushed to a hospital.
The whole area was cordoned off immediately after the blast and a hunt has been launched to nab the militants involved in the incident, the police said.
No militant outfit has so far claimed responsibility for the attack.

Alec Baldwins wife wants anotherchildBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:52 pm
Actor-producer Alec Baldwin, who is already a father to 15-month-old daughter Carmen, has revealed that his wife Hilaria wants to have another baby. Baldwin said though Hilaria, 30, wants to expand their family in near future but he is still unsure about it, reported Contactmusic.
“We’ll see. Hilaria definitely thinks we should have one more, but we’ll see what happens. I choose to stay at home with my wife and daughter. Going out- there’s not a whole lot of that anymore,” Baldwin said.
Baldwin, 56, said he misses having romantic dates with wife. He also has a 19-year-old daughter Ireland with his ex-wife Kim Basinger.

I d place my bet on the long dollar: Pro
Crude will hit 4000 next weekCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Accumulate at all levels  dont sell  this is the best stock in the lot...Gold Member
11 Followers
Accumulate at all levels, dont sell, this is the best stock in the lot... lot of upside, less down side... This result will be good, next two quarters will be fantastic... add to it the infra & realty boost due to rate cut by RBI... sky is the limit for this stock. start accumulate below 460 & average at every 25/- fall if it comes
5.30 PM Dec 5th  | Track

Zinc sell call: stop loss hit (sell zinc at cmp (138.60) target 1: 138...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Crude today target 4200 so buy on every dipsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Russia faces economic crisisAbout HARDtalk
Kasyanov predicts Russian economic crisis
The Russian economy will see an economic meltdown in 2015 -2016 the former prime minister Mikhail Kasyanov has told BBC HARDtalk.
"Next year there will be budget cuts, then later there will be a cut in imports and then there will be a balance of payment crisis," he said.
He also expressed his support for a widening of the sanctions being placed on the Russian economy by the EU and US.
Mr Kasyanov was dismissed from his post in 2004 and has become one of the most vocal critics of the President Vladimir Putin.
Share this page

IIT-Kharagpur student gets Rs. 1.5 crore pay packageA class in progress at IIT-Kharagpur. File photo.
TOPICS
higher education
A student of IIT Kharagpur has been offered a whopping annual salary of over Rs. 1.5 crore, making it one of the fattest pay package offered to an IITian ever in campus placements.
IIT Kharagpur officials said the salary package was among the 163 offers made by 27 visiting companies on Monday.
The highest domestic package was Rs. 42 lakh and highest offer from abroad was $250,000 (Rs. 1.54 crore), the officials said.
Sources claimed that the Rs. 1.54 crore offer is the highest ever package received by IIT-Kharagpur and among the largest ever in all IITs.
“There has been renewed realisation in Indian industry for highly qualified engineering professionals in Quality Engineering, Product Design and Manufacturing. IIT Kharagpur has been quick to identify this need and accordingly have initiated a programme in this field,” Professor Sudhirkumar Barai, Chairman of Career Development Center, IIT-Kharagpur said.
The total offers received so far stands at 251, which includes 88 pre-placement offers.

Hiring Sentiment Improving in India: LinkedInYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Hiring Sentiment Improving in India: LinkedIn
Published On:                  December  3, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 06 sec

Here s How Bad Corruption Is In (Nearly) Every Countryreddit
Don't expect bribery to get you far in New Zealand. North Korea, however, may be a different story.
A new map by Transparency International , a non-profit group dedicated to fighting governmental and corporate corruption, shows how levels of corruption vary around the world. Using data and expert opinion from 12 independent institutions specializing in governance , the group ranked 175 countries on factors such as the prevalence of bribery, how countries prosecute corruption, and how governments respond to their population's needs, such as guaranteeing basic human rights.
North American and European countries were relatively less corrupt than countries in South America, Central Africa and Asia. Somalia, known for high levels of piracy , and communist-ruled North Korea ranked as the most corrupt countries in the world. Denmark and New Zealand were the least corrupt.
Check out the map below to see how countries range from very corrupt (dark shades of red) to less corrupt (yellow).
More:

Kiran Khalaps creative showcaseThe best picked by one of the best
December 3, 2014:  
Kiran Khalap is co-founder and Managing Director, chlorophyll ( www.chlorophyll.in ). According to him, he juggles three passions — writing, rock climbing and spiritual evolution — and one career. He started his career in advertising in 1983, as a copywriter in Lintas (now Lowe). He became the youngest Creative Director in Lintas, then joined Clarion Advertising (1991), became its national creative director and ended up in 1997 as its first ever Chief Executive Officer and Chief Creative Officer (CEO and CCO). In 1999, he co-founded chlorophyll, which he claims is India’s first end-to-end brand consultancy.
Kiran says: With that qualifier out of the way, I have applied two criteria:
1. The ad-engagement used by the brand also has a society-changing or nation-changing component
2. The ad-engagement of the brand uses channels in unexpected ways: it forces the viewer to use those channels
To my surprise I realise that almost all of them are demos, rather than lectures!
Sports Club Recife
An inspiring example of channelising the love for a club into love for a social issue facing an entire nation: imagine bringing down the organ donation waiting list down to zero with one single big idea! Click here to watch the advertisement
Affinity Pet Care
Click here to watch the advertisement
Orange
Who doesn’t want to see the future…especially if it is 20 years hence and to do with your own face? Question is, will the brand still be around? Click here to watch the advertisement
Netflix
Unlike the other demos, this one does not connect to a higher social or cultural context, but its sheer innovativeness and responsiveness qualify it as a memorable attempt.
Click here to watch the advertisement
AirBnB
AirBnB stands for a ‘trusted community marketplace’ . So what better way to demonstrate the idea behind the idea than to community- source the communication?
Click here to watch the advertisement
Banco Popular
A classic example of ‘judo’ in advertising: leveraging the cultural strength of a classic song to change the culture of a nation. Impressive behavioural change!
Click here to watch the advertisement
McDonald’s and literacy
Through this communication, McDonald’s has evolved from being the family outing to being the literate family outing, once again through a powerful ‘demo’ engagement.
Click here to watch the advertisement
Mini and SPCA
Another example of using a ‘demo’ in an endearing way to benefit both the brand and a social cause: pure play advertising cannot change attitudes as powerfully as these engagements can. Click here to watch the advertisement
(This article was published on December 3, 2014)
Related

Haryana govt puts Rohtak sisters felicitation on holdEYE BROWSE
Haryana govt puts Rohtak sisters’ felicitation on hold
The emergence of a second video showing the girls beating up yet another eve-teaser has cast a shadow of doubt on the girls’ claims.
Yahoo India –  Thu 4 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The Haryana government has shelved its plans to honour the sisters -- Pooja and Aarti -- from Rohtak who shot to fame for taking on their tormentors in a moving bus as differing versions of the events seem to contradict their claim.
Also, the emergence of another video that shows the two sisters similarly beating up some men, allegedly eve-teasers, has cast a shadow of doubt on the entire episode.
The Hindustan Times reported that two fresh witnesses came forward with accounts that could hamper the sexual harassment case filed by the sisters against three men.
They submitted affidavits to the Haryana police in support of the men - Deepak, Mohit and Kuldeep.
The national daily also reported that five others claiming to be passengers on the bus in their affidavits stressed that the men have been wronged.
News reports also said that meanwhile, the Army — which the three men were supposed to join soon — had said that there was no place for people who attack women in the defence forces.
The first video that went viral on Sunday, showing the sisters attacking their harassers, was shot by woman passenger, said to be pregnant. Apparently, she was the only passenger who objected to the indecent behaviour of the youths, the sisters said.
But NTDV reports that the lady who filmed the video is nowhere to be found.
The three molesters -- Deepak, Mohit and Kuldeep -- were arrested on Sunday evening. A court in Rohtak Monday sent them to judicial custody for five days.
The two girls from Rohtak in Haryana who were earlier lauded for taking on the three eve teasers are now facing criticism after another video surfaced on Tuesday showing them thrashing another alleged eve-teaser at a park. They said that the incident was filmed by a witness when they where thrashing the man who had passed lewd comments. But in this case too the person who recorded the incident has not been found.
When asked the sister couldn't come up with a proper answer as to how someone is always there to film the sisters in action.
One of sisters was quoted by NDTV saying: 'I am 19 years old. At least 2,000 boys have harassed me. More videos will surface.'
Meanwhile, the families of the three men who have been arrested say that are innocent.
NDTV also reports that a elderly lady on the bus said that the men did not misbehave.
Earlier, Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced that Pooja and Aarti would be given cash awards on the occasion of Republic Day.
The driver and conductor of the bus have been suspended for failing to control the situation, not informing the police and not helping the girls in distress.
The sisters had thrashed the youths with a belt even after being assaulted. No passenger in the bus came to the rescue of the girls as they were teased and assaulted.
The matter came to light after the video recorded on the woman's mobile phone was flashed on the television. The scenes were shown repeatedly on all leading television news channels.
"We fought the men all alone. No one came forward to help us when they hit us and pushed us out of the bus," said Aarti.
Recommend

Indian selectors discard 2011 heroes  2015 team to be filled with young bloodsports
India’s 30 probables for the 2015 World Cup
The captain of the ship, the leader, Dhoni will be the beacon of the team down under Wicket-keeper, middle order batsman and chief strategist. (Source: PTI)
A certain pick! Virat Kohli has scored enough runs in the last four years to cement his second World Cup appearance. After being a part of the 2011 World Cup-winning team, Kohli would like to add another World Cup medal to his kitty. (Source: IE File)
Regular opener Shikhar Dhawan needs to get his act right in Australia. The kind of starts he can provide can hand India the early upper hand. It's time the moustache twirls! (Source: IE File)
Opener, middle-order batsman, back as an opener and now back in the middle order. Such has been Rahane's career so far. But with Rohit back in the mix, Rahane will play a very crucial and holding role in the Indian middle order which lacks a bit of stability. (Source: IE File)
In all likelihood, Rohit will set the ball rolling for the Men in Blue Down Under.  India's chances will depend on how the openers fare in conditions not favourable for batting. (Source: IE File)
Included as a possible third opener, Murali Vijay has proved his credentials in the longer formats but his abilities in the shorter format, leaving the IPL aside, are yet to be tested. It is unlikely that he would board the flight for the Cup Down Under, but an injury or woeful form of the regular openers might just improve his chances. (Source: IE File)
He has been in some touch...Suresh Raina is striking the ball well and striking it clean. The pacy wickets Down Under will assist his game, and he will be a vital cog. (Source: BCCI)
The Maharashtra run-machine will find it difficult to break in the World Cup squad. There is nothing wrong with the runs he has scored or the form he has been in, but just the scenario he is at the moment. There is just no opening in the middle-order. (Source: BCCI)
The stylish Karnataka opener has been in the reckoning for a slot in the main team for a while but his inclusion is highly unlikely to make it as a middle order batsman. (Source: IE FIle)
Robin Uthappa can well be the dark horse! He can tonk the ball hard, can keep the wickets and is athletic in the middle. His stint with the KKR did wonders to his confidence, and a decent domestic season only improved his case. (Source: BCCI)
Wriddhiman Saha! They called him the 'best keeper in the country'  but were not sure about his skills with the bat. He was been the 2nd option since a long time, but an impressive IPL season with the Kings XI Punjab has strengthened his case.   (Source: BCCI)
Talent, talent and more talent! But consistency is all he needs at the moment. He shows a lot of promise and wow moments during his stay in the middle, but it doesn't last long. The Kerala keeper-batsman can only make the 15 if Dhoni misses out. (Source: PTI)
Manoj Tiwary. There was nothing selectors could do about this right-hander. They picked him when he scored, he got injured and went off the radar. Now that he's looking in good shape, and has scored some decent runs in the domestic circuit, Tiwary will definitely give the selectors a good headache. He will be fighting with Rayudu for the middle-order slot. (Source: IE File)
Here, there and nowhere was Ambati Rayudu's case before India's home series against Sri Lanka. After going in and out of the side, Rayudu grabbed the No.3 opportunity with both hands and presented his case with an impressive tally. (Source: PTI)
Aaron's inclusion in any squad is a gamble as the speedster is vulnerable to injuries. But if in flow, he can cause some serious damage with his express pace. (Source: IE File)
The Bengal fast bowler is a sure pick for the 15 man main squad. He has been the highest wicket taker in 2014. He bowls at 140+ kph with ease and has a good yorker too. (Source:, BCCI)
He has been around the scene for a long time, but is yet to make consistent appearances. Blame it on injury or some very erratic show with the ball. Australia, though, might be his tour to fame! The pace and bounce which the wickets offer are tailor-made for his style of bowling. (Source: IE File)
Bhuvi will be the bowler to watch out for. His ability to strike early, and bowl long spells, will come handy for Dhoni. The series preceding the World Cup will give the UP seamer enough idea about the conditions on offer. (Source: IE File)
The senior most bowler in the team will not only have to get his act right with the ball, but also lead the pack like Zaheer did back in 2011. (Source: IE File)
The Haryana seamer may have an outside chance to make it in the top 15 as he is a trusted performer for MS Dhoni at his IPL franchisee. His variations and ability to out-fox the batsman may be the key factor. (Source: Reuters)
Unlikely to break in the final 15, Stuart Binny has been rewarded for his consistent performances in the domestic circuit and some on and off stints with the national side.(Source: Facebook)
Dinda has been rewarded for his outings for Bengal but the seamer is unlikely to break into the first 15. (Source: PTI)
The Mumbai seamer is highly unlikey to make the cut. He bowls gentle seam ups and relies more on swing than bounce. (Source: BCCI)
The senior most spinner in the squad, Ashwin is expected to play a crucial role. He loves the shorter formats but it is important that he doesn't overdo the variation bit. (Source: IE File)
Sir Jadeja will for sure feature in the squad, but he will get stiff competition from Axar Patel, who is having a dream run so far. (Source: IE File)
It has been a fairytale for Axar. KXIP picked him while they were looking for cheaper spin options and he delivered the goods. His performances impressed the selectors who drafted him in the ODI set-up and he repaid the faith with some very impressive outings in the middle. (Source: BCCI)
The Asia Cup gave hints that Amit Mishra would be Dhoni's go-to man in the World Cup, but a disappointing business end of the tournament, and some ordinary outings later, Amit has slowly gone off the radar. Even in the domestic contests, he is struggling to get his act right. (Source: PTI)
The J&K offie was a surprise inclusion the 30-man list. He is more suited to subcontinent pitches. (Source: IE File)
Karn Sharma has been making the right noises at the right time. His string of good performances in the fringe series and the practice matches in Australia have been impressive. (Source: PTI)
A left-arm chinaman bowler is a rare breed. India have one, and don't want to waste it on the bench. Unlikely that Kuldeep Yadav will find a place in the final 15, but the inclusion would have done the youngster's confidence a world of good. (Source: PTI)
Related

Sadbhav Infra IPO to Unlock Shareholder Value: Sadbhav EngineeringYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Sadbhav Infra IPO to Unlock Shareholder Value: Sadbhav Engineering
Published On:                  December  4, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 51 sec

Bulk Segment Remains Under Pressure: SCIYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bulk Segment Remains Under Pressure: SCI
Published On:                  December  3, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 26 sec
Tweet
AK Gupta, CMD, Shipping Corporation of India (SCI), talks to NDTV about the business outlook. The company is focusing on offshore segment, looking to invest Rs 300 crore in LPG and  offshore segment in the next few months but says the bulk segment remains under pressure. He also said incentives are needed to push the ocean transport business.

Sovereign funds pave path to prosperitySovereign funds pave a path to shared prosperity
Gillian Tett
It has been lamentably difficult to get private sector investors to fill the infrastructure void
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84173298-7a25-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The NPL Issue: Disbursal & RecoveryYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
The NPL Issue: Disbursal & Recovery
Published On:                  December  2, 2014                 | Duration: 37 min, 46 sec

Many liberals and conservatives find themselves on common ground following the Garner decisionBy Katie Zezima December 4 Follow @katiezez
Controversial court rulings are often followed by protests. Or confrontation. Or social unrest. This week's decision by a grand jury not to indict a New York City police officer in the death of a Staten Island man added an unexpected entry to the list: rare bipartisan consensus.
Opinions on a grand jury's decision not to bring charges against a Ferguson, Missouri, police officer who shot and killed an unarmed black teenager were largely split along party lines. Republicans generally approved the decision, while many Democrats did not.
The political reaction to a New York grand jury's decision not to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner, who died after the officer put him in a choke hold, has resulted in a rare consensus, with both conservatives and liberals reacting with outrage to the decision.
"There is no excuse that I can think of for choking a man to death for selling illegal cigarettes," wrote Russell Moore, president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention. "This is someone being choked to death. We have it on video with the man pleading for his life. There is no excuse for that I can even contemplate or imagine right now."
Garner, who died July 17, was being arrested for allegedly selling loose cigarettes on Staten Island. An officer, Daniel Pantaleo, used a chokehold to bring Garner down. His actions were caught on a video, with Garner repeatedly saying, "I can't breathe." He later died, and a medical examiner determined the chokehold and compression to Garner's chest had caused his death, which was ruled a homicide. Pantaleo told the grand jury that he had used a wrestling move and did not meant to cause Garner harm. The Justice Department has opened a civil rights investigation into Garner's death.
So why has this case sparked outrage among some conservatives?
First, there's the video evidence -- the dramatic footage showing Garner telling police that he cannot breathe.
"From looking at the video, the grand jury’s decision here is totally incomprehensible," conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer said on FOX News Monday.
Krauthammer also pointed to another source of conservative dissatisfaction with the case. "[Garner] was selling loose cigarettes, which is in and of itself almost absurd that somebody has to die over that."
Conservatives oppose what they see as government over-regulation, and excessive taxation -- and to many of them, the Garner case represents both. More than a few on the right say the sale of loose, untaxed cigarettes should not be a crime, pointing to New York's extremely high cigarette tax, which has driven a sizable chunk of the market underground. New York City increased penalties for selling loose and untaxed tobacco earlier this year.
The results of big government, #NannyStateEnforcement , and @MikeBloomberg ’s excise tax —> #EricGarner . Appalling and obscene.
— Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) December 3, 2014
The reaction on Capitol Hill has also been strikingly similar from many on both sides of the aisle.
Clearly excessive force against #EricGarner . I pray that peace and justice will prevail. — Justin Amash (@repjustinamash) December 4, 2014
Sen. Rand Paul, speaking on "Hardball" Tuesday, said he was "horrified" by the video. But, as he did following the Ferguson decision, he placed much of the blame on politicians: those who enacted New York's high cigarette tax, and others who directed police to arrest those selling individual, tax-free cigarettes.
On Wednesday he told CNN he was "shocked" by the grand jury's decision in New York. 
"I don't think it's justified what the police did, but I also think it's bad policy that puts the police in an untenable position. The War on Drugs" -- which he pointed to in the Michael Brown case as well -- "does that, and so does an erroneous and excessive tax policy as well," he said. 
Rep. Cathy McMorris-Rodgers (R-Wash.), the House's fourth-ranking Republican, said she thinks the body should hold hearings into Garner's death. “We all have a lot of serious questions that need to be addressed and we need to understand what happened, why this decision was made,” she said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" Thursday. "I would call for the House to have those hearings so that we can better understand. But we need to take action, appropriate action, making sure our local law enforcement have the training, that they're using appropriate force, which — I think we all recognize these are tragedies and it has raised a lot of questions."
Sean Davis at conservative publication The Federalist wrote , "The grand jury’s decision not to bring any charges against the officer who killed Garner is inexplicable. It defies reason. It makes no sense." 
New York's Democratic congressional delegation railed against the decision. 
"The decision by a grand jury not to indict in the death of Eric Garner is a miscarriage of justice, it’s an outrage it’s a disgrace, it’s a blow to our democracy, and it should shock the conscience of every single American who cares about justice and fair play," Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) said.
Noah Rothman, associate editor at hotair.com, noted the strikingly similar reactions coming from across the political spectrum -- at least for now.
This is one of those moments where left and right could unite. Few seem comfortable with this outcome. Unless recriminations start flying. — Noah Rothman (@NoahCRothman) December 3, 2014
 

Black men and the cops who kill themBy Jonathan Capehart December 4 Follow @capehartj
Demonstrators walk together during a protest Dec. 3, 2014 in New York. Protests began after a Grand Jury decided to not indict officer Daniel Pantaleo for the death of Eric Garner. (Yana Paskova/Getty Images)
Eric Garner, Tamir Rice and Michael Brown have something in common: All were unarmed African American males killed by police officers. Now, we are learning that the cops who killed them have something in common. Either they or the department they worked for had serious problems. That these men were still given a gun and badge and were in a position to take the life of a black male without being held accountable is what’s rubbing the nerves raw of African Americans, all Americans.
Daniel Pantaleo killed Garner with a chokehold caught on video last July. The death was ruled a homicide by the medical examiner. The grand jury opted not to indict him . The Daily News and the Staten Island Advance have reported on two lawsuits involving Pantaleo and racially motivated conduct. A 2012 suit involved two black men who alleged their testicles were “tapped” during an out-in-the-open strip search. According to the Daily News , the allegations were “deemed unsubstantiated — it could not be proven or disproven….” Each accuser got $15,000 when the case was settled out of court. The charges against them were dropped.
Another suit against Pantaleo is still pending. According to a July 20 story in The Advance , Rylawn Walker “accuses Pantaleo of arresting him on Feb. 16, 2012 even though he was ‘committing no crime at that time and was not acting in a suspicious manner.’”
Undated photo of Tamir Rice provided by his family’s attorney. (Courtesy of Richardson & Kucharski Co. L.P.A./AP)
Timothy A. Loehmann is the Cleveland police officer who killed Rice in a Cleveland park on Nov. 22. The video shows that the police cruiser had barely stopped and Loehmann was barely out of the car before he shot Tamir dead. Now comes word that Loehmann resigned from his last police job because his supervisor recommended he dismissed because, “I do not believe time, nor training, will be able to change or correct the deficiencies.” Issues with a girlfriend were part of the problem. According to NBC News , the deputy chief “cited a report from a firearms instructor who said Loehmann showed up for training ‘distracted,’ ‘weepy’ and unable to ‘communicate clear thoughts,’ as a result of which ‘his handgun performance was dismal.’” Oh, the irony.
And then there is Darren Wilson, the unindicted killer of Brown. As The Post reported last August, in his job before joining the Ferguson, Mo., police force, “Wilson kept a clean record without any disciplinary action.” But that force in Jennings, Mo., was so bad the city council disbanded it in 2011. Jennings is 89 percent African American. A city council member told The Post that there were “one or two black members on the force” of 45 employees. Wilson was among the officers let go.
“What [Wilson] found in Jennings…was a mainly white department mired in controversy and notorious for its fraught relationship with residents, especially the African American majority,” The Post story notes. “It was not an ideal place to learn.” Perhaps this informed the guilt-by-association mindset he revealed at the grand jury looking into his killing of Brown.
“It’s really bad when I’m overseas and more worried about your safety,” a white American friend who is working in the Middle East wrote in an instant message this morning. Then, in one line, he articulated what African Americans have known for a long time: “Cops have more influence over the administration of your constitutional rights than any judge or elected official… [not to mention] your life.” The only bright side to the horror of the past seven days is that more and more white people see  that “black lives matter.”
Follow Jonathan on Twitter: @Capehartj
Jonathan Capehart is a member of the Post editorial board and writes about politics and social issues for the PostPartisan blog.

Obsessed with takeaway orders Think twiceBy: Indo-Asian News Service | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 11:55 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:59 am
As the days get shorter and the cold weather changes our eating habits, ordering a takeaway becomes a more appealing option. However, before dialling your local eatery, it may be worth sparing a thought for your teeth.
Dental expert Sameer Patel warns that most popular takeaway foods contain lots of added ingredients that can wreak havoc on our teeth as well as our waistlines, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
* Italian: Acid erosion – Pizza and pasta are two of the most popular dishes and are rarely associated with tooth decay. However, white pizza bases and pastas are refined carbohydrates which contain simple sugars that dissolve quickly. This causes a surge of acid inside the mouth and, when combined with the acidity of tomatoes, can erode tooth enamel and ultimately lead to sensitivity.
* Indian and Chinese: Tooth staining – It’s not just dark beverages such as tea and coffee that will stain your teeth but any heavily pigmented food can lead to tooth discoloration — and curry powder is one such culprit. Whilst this staple ingredient of Indian cuisine isn’t particularly dark, the deep pigment can stain teeth yellow over time. Dark liquids used to flavour foods, such as soy sauce, can produce the same effect so if you do eat sushi or Chinese food, use the soy sauce sparingly.
Tea and coffee can stain your teeth. (Source: Thinkstock Images )
*Fish and Chips: Tooth Decay – Starchy foods are notorious for getting stuck in between your teeth and lodged between crevices. While they may not necessarily taste sweet, the starch can begin converting to sugar almost immediately through the pre-digestive process that begins in the mouth. Processed foods are also notorious for using sugar as a preservative or flavour enhancer.
All time favorite snacks like Chips can cause tooth decay. (Source: Thinkstock Images.)
* Kebabs: Jaw ache – Believe it or not, the foods you eat can have a big impact on the health of the joints in your jaw and the tough texture of the meat used for kebabs is sometimes associated with jaw ache. Eating a high amount of very chewy foods can overwork and overextend your jaw – leading to strains.

PM Modi expresses regret in Lok Sabha over Niranjan Jyoti s remarks  opposition walks outDec 05, 2014 at  12:02pm IST
PM Modi expresses regret in Lok Sabha over Niranjan Jyoti's remarks, opposition walks out
19
0
New Delhi: As the impasse continues between the government and opposition parties over the controversial remarks by Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday made a statement on the floor of the Lok Sabha. Modi strongly criticised Jyoti's remarks and said that she is new and the House should show magnanimity by accepting her apology considering this.
"Nobody approves of such language. Minister has apologised. She is new and we all know her rural background. I think this issue should end now after her apology," he said.
Despite Modi making the statement, opposition parties refused to allow Parliament to function. In fact during Modi's speech all the opposition leaders wore black bands on their faces.
#narendra modi #parliament #sadhvi niranjan jyoti #rahul gandhi
Opposition leaders later walked out of the Parliament demanding Jyoti's resignation.
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi along with TMC and other opposition parties protested against BJP Minister Niranjan Jyoti outside the Parliament. Slamming the government, Gandhi said, "It is the mindset of top leadership in the government that democratic conversations should not be allowed."
Modi had made a similar statement in Rajya Sabha on Thursday and he also said that after the minister's apology the matter should rest. But, the opposition leaders maintained that they are not satisfied with Modi's statement.
28

Obama to announce his choice for new US defense secretary on December 5By: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:01 pm
President Barack Obama’s choice for his new defense chief, to be announced on December 5, faces conflict abroad, budget retrenchment at home and the expectation that the White House will have a heavy hand in Pentagon affairs — at least if past is prologue.
For the job, Obama is turning to a seasoned Pentagon operative who rose up the short list when others took themselves out of contention.
The White House said Obama will announce his pick Friday. Ashton Carter will be nominated to replace Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, according to people close to the process who spoke on condition of anonymity before the announcement. Carter’s nomination has been expected for days but Obama held off on making a statement while the vetting of the former Pentagon official was being completed.
Although defense is typically a coveted Cabinet portfolio, it has appeared less so heading into Obama’s final two years in office, especially once tensions surfaced between the White House and Pentagon, where top officials complained about West Wing micromanagement. The next defense chief will inherit a Pentagon wrestling with the Islamic State militant threat in Iraq and Syria, an unsettled course for Afghanistan, Russia’s provocations in Ukraine, tensions elsewhere and reports of sexual assault in the military, all in a time of deep budget cuts.
Hagel, who is staying on until a successor is in place, resigned under pressure from the president but cast his departure Thursday as a mutual decision and said “no major differences” with Obama led to his stepping down. Asked directly whether he felt pressure to resign, Hagel was not specific.
Carter, 60, has extensive national security experience as well as keen knowledge of the inner workings of the U.S. nuclear arsenal. He served as the Pentagon’s second-ranking official from 2011 to 2013, during Defense Secretary Leon Panetta’s tenure, spent two years previously as the department’s technology and weapons-buying chief, and was assistant secretary of defense for international security policy during Bill Clinton’s administration.
He holds bachelor’s degrees in physics and medieval history from Yale University and received his doctorate in theoretical physics from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes scholar. He has served on the advisory boards of MIT’s Lincoln Laboratories and the Draper Laboratory.
Carter is known among national security experts for the “preventive defense” concept he and former Defense Secretary William Perry promoted in the 1990s. The concept held that the U.S. could head off major new threats through security partnerships with Russia, China and others in the post-Cold War world.

I m not insecure: Anushka SharmaBy: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:06 pm
Actress Anushka Sharma, who is part of Zoya Akhtar’s ‘Dil Dhadakne Do’, says that she is not insecure working in the multi-starrer as the role matters more to her than anything else.
The film also features Ranveer Singh, Priyanka Chopra, Farhan Akhtar and Anil Kapoor, among others.
“I guess I am not insecure as a person. In fact when Zoya offered me this role, she thought I will not take up. Priyanka’s role is bigger in the film but I think the film matters (to me). I said yes to Zoya the moment I heard the role,” said the actress.
Anushka is currently busy promoting her film “PK” that features Aamir Khan in the lead. Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film also stars Sanjay Dutt, Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani and Saurabh Shukla.
When asked about her character in the film, Anushka says she can’t reveal much.
“I had a great time shooting for ‘PK’. It was a pleasure working with Raju Hirani (Rajkumar Hirani) and Aamir. I am not allowed to talk much about my character in the film,” she said.
The film is set to release Dec 18.

Rahul Gandhi leads black mask protests against Niranjan Jyoti s remarksDec 05, 2014 at  03:45pm IST
Rahul Gandhi leads black mask protests against Niranjan Jyoti's remark
22
0
New Delhi: Sporting black bands on their mouths, members of opposition parties led by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Friday staged a silent protest outside Parliament demanding sacking of Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her controversial remarks.
Gandhi said, "We are not allowed to express our views in the Parliament, attitude in Parliament is not to allow democratic dialogue."
"The government does not want democratic expression and democratic voice," he added.
#rahul gandhi #congress #protests #sadhvi niranjan jyoti
Congress leader Rajeev Shukla said, "Opposition eels left out. Speaker is being bias."
CPI(M) was also invited to join the protest held just before the days proceedings in Parliament began at 11 AM.
(With inputs from PTI)

20 years of Sony PlayStation  the global gaming phenomenon that changed entertainmentDec 05, 2014 at 02:02pm IST
20 years of Sony PlayStation, the global gaming phenomenon that changed entertainment
33
3
Tokyo: Twenty years ago, a small grey box of electronic tricks made its debut in Japan, heralding the birth of the global gaming phenomenon that changed the entertainment landscape, launching titles that now outstrip sales from Hollywood's biggest franchises.
The original PlayStation, which hit stores in early December 1994, brought revolutionary graphics, engrossing gameplay and the kind of complex virtual worlds that had only previously been available in an arcade.
"When we arrived, the video game was seen as a niche hobby. One of our achievements is to have succeeded in making a legitimate cultural object, like music or cinema," Jim Ryan, chief executive of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, told AFP.
The original PlayStation, which hit stores in early December 1994, brought revolutionary graphics, engrossing gameplay and the kind of complex virtual worlds that had only previously been available in an arcade.
#sony playstation #gaming #ps4 #consoles
The launch was Sony's first foray into computer games and pitted the company against the established giant of the sector, Nintendo, whose character-driven two-dimensional offerings like Super Mario had wowed children.
But unlike the 16-bit cartridges that powered the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES), Sony's PlayStation opted for cheap-to-produce CD-ROMs, a technology that allowed vast tracts of data to be stored.
The discs' convenience and powerful graphics in the original 32-bit machines lured game developers and players into a world where, suddenly, 3D was in reach.
And it wasn't just the insides of the machines that Sony had re-imagined; they shunned the plain rectangle controllers of the SNES in favour of an ergonomic device that sat neatly in a player's hands.
Titles such as Tomb Raider, Gran Turismo and Final Fantasy spurred console sales and launched what became multi-billion dollar franchises with legions of loyal fans.
Global blockbusters like Grand Theft Auto joined the PlayStation world, as well as other platforms. The latest instalment took a billion dollars in its first three days of sales, putting even huge cinematic hits in the shade.
Sleek design
In March 2000, PlayStation 2 burst onto the market, leveraging the mega-capacity of DVDs before the format was standard storage.
The trademark controller remained, but with additional features like vibrations and a sleek new design featuring a black tower with clean lines that had the grace of a designer's touch.
The company shifted around 150 million units worldwide, and the PS2 remains the best-selling console of all time.
Although addicts got a handheld PSP in 2004, it would be another six years until the main console got an update with the PS3, a Blu-ray equipped and Internet-ready device that allowed gamers in different continents to play against each other.
Where gaming had once been largely a solitary activity or done among friends close to home, there was now a global community of like-minded players.
Unlike the ever-contracting windows of release for mobile phones and tablets, gaming consoles have retained their strung-out lives, with engineers packing as much hardware and spare capacity into them as they can.
"In every generation, Sony has tried to bring an innovation in its machines to make the difference," said Laurent Michaud, head of consumer electronics and digital entertainment practice at Digiworld Institute/IDATE.
Acolytes had to wait until 2013 for the PS4, an ultra-powerful machine with 4,000 times the memory of the original and processing capacity orders of an ever larger magnitude.
The 13.5 million units Sony has sold in the last year allow users to play games straight from the Cloud in a universe that now includes compatible smartphones, televisions and tablets.
Sony is now introducing a cable-style television service in the United States delivered through PlayStation3 and 4 consoles, called "PlayStation Vue."
The PS4 symbolises Sony's strategic move for future growth, as the product positions itself for a Cloud-based future where consoles might even disappear, said Yu Okazaki, analyst at Nomura Securities.
"PlayStation4 is selling well. The product shows Sony is looking at five, 10 years down the road. The number of consoles sold and their network capacity make it extremely promising," Okazaki said.
To mark the 20th anniversary, Sony Computer Entertainment is releasing a special, limited edition PS4 in the original grey, which will be offered to 12,300 fans worldwide.
26

Plan to reshape Planning Commission in the works: ModiPlan to reshape Planning Commission in the works: Modi
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 02:19 PM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said the plans to reshape the Planning Commission, in sync with the changing times, were in the works. For this, he had called a meeting of all chief ministers on Sunday, he said.
Making a brief intervention in the Lok Sabha, during the Question Hour, the Prime Minister said government was planning to involve knowledgeable people and those who could provide new ideas to redefine and restructure the Planning Commission.
This was the first time since his maiden address to the nation on August 15 that the prime minister spoke on the need to reshape the Commission. In his Independence Day speech in August, he had signalled the abolition of the Commission. Since then, a series of discussions have been held among experts and economists on the likely shape of the new body to replace the Planning Commission.
According to the tentative structure, officials said, the new body was expected to be called ‘Neeti Aayog’ (policy commission) and would comprise four major departments — those for direct benefits transfer, inter-state councils, the Unique Identification Authority of India and programme evaluation. Each of these would be headed by a secretary.

Budget carrier SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costsKalanithi Maran's SpiceJet cuts fleet size to save costs
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Kalanithi Maran-owned SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of 2015, as the loss-making private carrier looks to cut costs.
Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said on Friday that the airline needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Kapoor told Reuters in a telephonic interview.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of 2013, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, the COO said.
SpiceJet ,  the country's second-largest budget carrier, had said last week it was  in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital.  The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for  funding but no deal materialised.
Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
The  budget carrier is losing money in a market where competition with  rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain  comparatively high, and the majority of the country's larger carriers  are making losses.
SpiceJet's scrip ended 13.78 per cent lower at Rs 15.95 a piece in a flat market at the  Bombay Stock Exchange on Friday and it has lost a quarter of its value  this week.
 
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India (AAI) had reinstated its credit facility after the private carrier resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes money beyond a certain threshold.
(Reuters)

SAIL s Rs 1 700-cr stake sale subscribed 1.5 timesUpdate: SAIL share offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1,715 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Steel Authority of India's (SAIL) share sale was subscribed more than two times, fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore and kicking-off the government's ambitious disinvestment drive.
The first disinvestment offering in the ongoing financial year saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the state-run steel major to meet market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) listing norms.
The government has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sales in various PSU firms during the 2014-15 fiscal in a bid to plug the fiscal deficit.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green-shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to data released by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"Retail investors category was... Hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the finance ministry statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year.
The government has lined up a host of state-run firms to pare holdings - including a 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India (CIL) and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which domestic bourses are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 a piece , which is 2.75 per cent less than the scrip's closing price on Thursday.

Four terror strikes in less than 12 hours in Jammu and Kashmir; Uri  Srinagar  Shopian and Tral targetedMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 05, 2014 at  08:51pm IST
Srinagar: It has been a testing day for Jammu and Kashmir with four terror strikes in different parts of the state. In the first encounter that lasted for nearly 12 hours, security forces successfully killed all six terrorists who tried to enter an Army fortification in the Uri sector. However, eight Army men and three policemen also lost their lives in the gun battle.
In another encounter in Soura area of Srinagar, just 10 kilometres away from the prominent Lal Chowk, one terrorist was killed by the security forces. He has been identified as an LeT commander. "I have no idea. We don't have any confirmed idea on what is happening. We have surrounded the area. There is no report on number of casualties," said Prabhat Kumar, CRPF Commandant.
In the third attack in the state, a grenade was thrown inside the Shopian police station. No injuries have been reported so far in the incident.
The fourth attack took place when a grenade was thrown near a bus stand in Tral in Pulwama in a move to target the civilians. One person has died while nine others have been injured in the attack.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh slammed Pakistan for the serial terror strikes. He accused the neighbouring country of harbouring terrorists.
Taken aback by the serial attacks, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted, "It's been a terrible day - 4 attacks & a number of deaths - security forces & innocent civilians killed in the valley today. JK Police & army are responding to the attack in Uri. Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to to disrupt peace & normalcy."
"My heartfelt condolences to the families of those killed in the 4 attacks today. I hope @HMOIndia takes steps to plug the gaps in C I grid," read another tweet from the CM.
The Uri encounter started in the Mohura area at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to storm an Army fortification. A senior Army officer Lt Col Sankalp Kumar and six jawans were killed in the gun battle. Three senior police officers who were supervising the operation have also been killed in the encounter.
The terror attacks come even as two phases of the Assembly elections are over and three others are still scheduled. Uri and the nearby Baramulla area will be voting in the third phase on December 9.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

SAIL divestment: Does retail investment in PSU stake sales make senseSAIL divestment: Does retail investment in PSU stake sales make sense?
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 03:58 PM IST
The Indian government has kickstarted its divestment program by with a 5% sale of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL). The move is expected to help the government raise Rs 1,700 crore. The current fiscal divestment target set by the government is Rs 58,425 crore. Among other public sector companies that are up for divestment are Coal India, ONGC, NHPC, Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification (REC),Hindustan Zinc and Balco.
However, the government seems to have started off on the wrong foot. 
First, SAIL is not the most sought after PSU in the market. The stock has been an underperformer: against an almost 40% rise in the broader index, SAIL has moved up by only 22%. In fact, the stock has fallen by 16.5% over the last three months. Clearly, buoyancy in the market has not touched SAIL.
If government’s intention of divesting with SAIL was to test waters for retail penetration for future divestments, then it has made a bad judgment call.
Only two months ago SAIL touched a low of Rs 66.55. Government now plans to raise money from the market at a floor price of Rs 83. Retail investors will of course be given a discount of 5%.
Should retail investors participate in such a case where the price of the stock has already run up before divestment? In the past, private companies have been blamed for boosting their share price before they intended to raise money. The government, too, seems to have fallen into the same category.
Prithvi Haldea, MD, Prime Database in an interview with CNBC had said that divestment cannot have just one single objective of meeting the fiscal deficit. “Divestment has to be viewed in the Indian context from the point of view of enlarging capital market, deepening the market, getting more retail money into the market but we have lost out on those fronts,” he said.
Haldea had in a presentation earlier said that FPOs should be at a significant discount to the market price. Wealth created by public enterprises through domestic public resources should rightfully be shared only with the public, he argued, pointing out that government/PSUs should not be concerned about lower valuations since it was public money going back to the public.
In the case of SAIL, fundamentals do not even support the current pricing. Research firm Macquarie has a price target of Rs 63 per shares for SAIL. Even on a best case basis, where steel margins go through the roof, SAIL should be trading at Rs 90. That is a small return from a stock when the market is going wild.
For a retail investor who intends to participate in a divestment story, the 5% discount should not be the only criteria. If the stock has been trading at a lower price just before the issue, it is likely that it may revisit the price post higher liquidity in the market. After all this is not a fresh issue and shares are available in the market.
An FPO makes little sense for a retail investor unless the discount is high, probably somewhere close to the recent low. But, for institution players who buys in bulk and can impact the share price by the purchases, it makes sense to buy the share at one price.

Will ensure 24x7 power to all Indians by March 2019: Piyush GoyalBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Reiterating the promise of 24×7 electricity to all by 2019, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
“IT-enabled smart grids can have tremendous impact on the energy sector in India â€“ right from power generation to power consumption. We will ensure that all Indians have 24×7 electricity by March 2019,” Goyal said while addressing the inaugural session of Digital India Conclave 2014.
The minister said the government is committed to preventing widespread coal thefts by use of CCTV cameras.
Goyal had earlier said the government has initiated speedy environmental clearances, steps to protect environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition besides clearing the long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore.
The minister had stated that these steps would be the government’s vision for providing 24×7 consistent power.
The government has also approved Rs 43,033-crore rural electrification scheme, Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana.
The scheme will replace the existing Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY).
The scheme includes strengthening and augmentation of sub transmission and distribution infrastructure in rural areas, including metering of distribution transformers and feeders.
TAGS: Electricity Sector Piyush Goyal
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Rain Industries may go to Rs 44: Manas Jaiswal02:00 pm
Manas Jaiswal, Technical Analyst at manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "From the levels Rs 54  Rain Industries is making lower-tops and lower-bottoms and few days back it fell below 50 day moving average. The pattern is weak; the stock can go down and test its 200 day moving average which is placed at Rs 44. However if you are talking about little bit long-term Rs 44 and Rs 42 is a very strong support and if one can hold it for little bit long-term say around two to three months time then one can hold it but keep a stoploss below Rs 42."
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 60.30 and 52-week low Rs 30.60 on 16 September, 2014 and 07 May, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Hold BPCL  says Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold BPCL, says Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal, Technical Analyst at manasjaiswal.com is of the view that one may hold Bharat Petroleum Corporation.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Manas Jaiswal, Technical Analyst at manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Technically  Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) has strong support near to Rs 700 that is its 50 days moving average. And if it breaks Rs 700 then stock can correct because on the weekly chart it is making bearish engulfing pattern and if it breaks Rs 700 then it can go down to around Rs 640. One can hold the call option but keep a strict stoploss of Rs 700. If stock breaks Rs 700 then she should exit from the call option."
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 784.50 and 52-week low Rs 315 on 28 November, 2014 and 08 January, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

GSPC Gas cuts piped gas prices for industrial usersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GSPC Gas cuts piped gas prices for industrial users
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Dec 5:  
The state run gas distribution player, GSPC Gas Company Ltd has cut piped natural gas prices for the industrial users in the state by one rupee per standard cubic meter or SCM.
This is the second consecutive month, when GSPC Gas — a subsidiary of state-run Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) has scaled down the prices of piped natural gas being supplied for industries. In November, the company had scaled down the prices by Rs 2 per SCM.
“Considering the natural gas prices in the international market, GSPC Gas Company has decided to reduce the gas prices for its industrial users to be effective from December 16,” a company statement said.
The revised rate for the PNG-industrial is Rs 38.65 per scm (without taxes) against the old rate of Rs 39.65 per scm.
The downward revision in the rates for industrial users is the second in less than a month's time. On November 16, the gas distribution arm of Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) had reduced gas prices for its industrial users by Rs 2 per scm. The company has over 1,900 industrial consumers in the state.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

IIT-Delhis MBA now open for allIIT-Delhi’s MBA now open for all
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, December 5 :  
The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi, on Friday opened up its doors for MBA aspirants from all streams and has announced a new MBA programme, a statement from the educational institute said.
Until now, only students from engineering and technology background or those with Masters in Science and Commerce/Economics were eligible for the programme.
From the academic year 2015-16, IIT-D’s Department of Management Studies will assess the applicant’s eligibility on the basis of performance in Class X and XII, graduation apart from their CAT score and performance in group discussion and personal interview.
The new programme has been designed after taking inputs from industry experts, students and alumni.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

No proposal to bring blackmoney amnesty scheme: GovtWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Maldives declares emergency as it faces water shortageMaldives declares emergency as it faces water shortage
Reuters
Tweet
COLOMBO, Dec 5:  
The Maldives, famous for its pristine beaches and scuba diving, has declared a state of emergency after a fire at the capital's sole water sewage treatment plant has led to a shortage of drinking water in the Indian Ocean archipelago.
The Maldives has appealed for aid from India, Sri Lanka, the United States and China. About 100,000 people in Male, the capital, have been left without safe water to drink from the tap, according to Mohamed Shareef, a government minister.
The Maldives is dependent on its luxury tourism industry, which is responsible for 30 per cent of its gross domestic product, according to the World Bank.
India is sending five planes with water and two ships with parts that can help fix the machinery at the plant, according to Syed Akbaruddin, an Indian foreign ministry spokesman. The first plane with water arrived on Friday afternoon.
"Last night, the Maldives foreign minister contacted us saying they were facing a grave emergency," Akbaruddin said. "For the next seven to eight days they are going to face extreme difficulty with water so they requested all assistance."
The Maldivian Red Crescent has deployed 24 staff and 60 volunteers to distribute water.
The Maldives, a group of 1,190 coral islands southwest of India, is visited by more than 750,000 tourists each year. The country has a population of about 400,000 people, most of whom are Muslim.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Aftab Shivdasanis comic timing helps him bagfilmsBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:07 pm
Impressed by Aftab Shivdasani’s comic skills, Ekta Kapoor’s Balaji Motion Pictures has signed him for their upcoming films.
He will be seen in the third installment of ‘Kyaa Kool Hain Hum’ franchise along with Tusshar Kapoor and Krushna Abhishek.
“Aftab did impeccably in ‘Masti’ and ‘Grand Masti’. He has brilliant comic timing, required for a blockbuster comedy franchise like ‘Kyaa Kool…’,” Balaji Motion Pictures’ CEO Tanuj Garg said in a statement. “In fact, we plan on casting him in some of our other films too,” he added.
Aftab, who entered Bollywood with ‘Mr. India’ (1987) as a child artiste, was last seen in the hit adult comedy ‘Grand Masti’ (2013).

GVK Bio manipulated trials of generic drugs:...The Federal Institute for Medicines and Medical Products, which issues the licences in Germany, confirmed it has been investigating the allegations against the Indian company.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BERLIN: India's leading pharmaceutical research company GVK Bio allegedly manipulated the results of clinical trials of generic drugs it had carried out on behalf of several European manufacturers for many years, media reports have said.
Germany's drug regulators are currently examining whether to suspend the use of more than 100 medicines on suspicion that they were given marketing licences for forged medical reports of human trials supplied by the Hyderabad-based company, TV channels NDR and WDR and the Munich daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported yesterday.
Such studies are crucial for copy-cat drugs to gain marketing licences from the regulators. The manufacturers will have to prove that their generic copy is comparable to the original product.
GVK Bio has been conducting human trials of generic drugs on behalf of globally-operating companies. It also has been conducting tests of new medicines.
The Federal Institute for Medicines and Medical Products, which issues the licences in Germany, confirmed it has been investigating the allegations against the Indian company.
The agency said it is too early to determine the exact number of medicines involved, but they may be more than a hundred, according to the reports.
Two drugs manufactured by the German company Betapharm and anti-allergy medicine Fexofenadin by Hexal are among the medicines currently being investigated.
German authorities, so far, have no information that the drugs involved posed any health risk for the public, the reports said.
European Union's drug regulator, the European Medicines Agency (EMA), believes GVK Bio has been systematically manipulating its medical studies for a number of years, the reports said.
Documents of the EMA and the European Commission showed at least 10 GVK Bio staff members were involved in the forgery, which took place during the period between 2008 and 2013, according to the reports.
French drug regulator ANSM found out during a routine control of medical reports earlier this year that GVK Bio had forged the outcome of a study of a drug for heart patients.
In nine studies investigated by the French authorities, they found out that all of them were partly manipulated.
The EMA had in July written to all manufacturers of generic drugs in the EU, seeking details of their cooperation with GVK Bio.
The agency will decide shortly whether additional studies are needed for some medicines or they will be withdrawn completely from the market.
Germany's drug regulator too has been seeking similar clarifications from generic drug manufacturers in this country and it will decide shortly whether to suspend the use of the affected drugs.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

MF folio count rises by 3.5 lakh in FY 2015 ...Mutual fund folio count rises by 3.5 lakh in FY 2015 so far
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 04.51PM IST
Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts, though one investor can have multiple folios.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Driven by addition in equity fund folios, mutual fund houses have registered a rise of over 3.5 lakh investor accounts in the first eight months of the ongoing 2014-15 fiscal.
The addition comes after fund houses lost about 33 lakh investor accounts in the entire previous fiscal.
Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts, though one investor can have multiple folios.
According to the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) data on total investor accounts with 45 fund houses, the number of folios rose to 3.99 crore at the end of November 30, 2014 from 3.95 crore in the last fiscal (2013-14), registering a gain of 3.54 lakh.
Explaining the reason behind such rise in retail folios, industry officials said growth is mainly on account of addition in equity fund folios, which was supported by sharp rally in the stock markets.
Besides, the fund houses have clocked Rs 1.55 lakh crore net inflows in various schemes during April-October period.
The BSE Sensex surged by around 28 per cent during the period under review on the back of hopes of economic reforms and heavy capital inflows.
The equity category saw addition of more than eight lakh folios to over 3 crore investors at the end of October 31, 2014. The segment saw first rise in folios in the month of April after reporting a consistent decline in investor accounts in past four years.

Results for the 3 day variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 5  2014Dec 05, 2014, 04.55 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Results for the 3 day variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 5, 2014
Results for the 3 day variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 5, 2014
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Results for the 3 day variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 5, 2014
Results for the 3 day variable rate reverse repo auction held on December 5, 2014
Post your opinion here

Doctor who botched-up eye surgeries in Gurdaspur arrested41
0
Gurdaspur: Soon after the case of botched-up eye surgeries which left 16 people blind in Gurdaspur came to light, the doctor, Dr Vivek Arora, who performed the surgeries has been arrested. A case against Sri Krishna Eye Hospital in Mathura where the doctor works has also been registered.
The patients from Amritsar had undergone a cataract surgery at the eye camp that was organised by an NGO last week. Soon after the unsuccessful operations, the victims were admitted to the ENT hospital in Gurdaspur on Wednesday.
An investigation has been ordered into the incident. Meanwhile, the Punjab government has banned holding any eye camp without an approval of the civil surgeon.
This incident comes barely a month after 14 women died in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh after a similar medical camp for sterilization had been organised
4

Chhattisgarh: Bilaspur sterilisation surgeries conducted in unhygenic conditions  says probe report6
0
New Delhi: Days after botched up sterlisation camp in Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh killed thirteen women, a fact finding team which probed the incident has submitted its report.
The team in its report has said that the surgeries were done in unhygienic conditions and doctors did not change gloves between operations.
The report also said that a huge cover up has been done. The government-ordered probe had earlier blamed adulterated medicines for the deaths. Medicines contaminated with zinc phosphide, which is used as a rodenticide, were given to woman who underwent the surgery at government medical camps in Bilaspur.
#chhattisgarh #bilaspur #sterilisation #bilaspur tragedy
Speaking about the highlights of the report, Executive Director of Population Foundation of India, Poonam Mutreja said, "Out of the several findings, the first is that the camp was held in a facility which was an abandoned building. There were no facilities or standards in place to do even one surgery, leave alone 83." She also added that the women were not counseled and no informed consent was taken.
16

IndiaProperty.com launches new TV commercialIndiaProperty.com launches new TV commercial
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, Dec 5:  
Online real estate portal IndiaProperty.com has launched a multi-crore television campaign across all national and regional channels to expand its awareness and reach across the country.
With over 7 lakh property listings and 8000+ builders and agents using the platform to market properties, the portal enjoys the support of over 5 million registered users.
The campaign, according to a company release is to reiterate its proposition “we get you Home”, signifying the journey the portal takes with home buyers to help them get to their dream home.
It has for this purpose roped in Piyush Pandey, Executive Chairman and Creative Director, O&M for its new TV commercial.
The television campaign is being supplemented by a digital marketing campaign to amplify its reach.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Rupee recovers to end at one-week high of 61.77Forex update: Indian rupee closes at two-week high of 61.77 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 18:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee rebounded by 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the US dollar on Friday, following exporters and some banks selling the US currency amid signs of fund inflows.
Forex dealers said dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee's rise.
The BSE Sensex fell back by 104.72 points, or 0.37 per cent.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.92. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.75 - almost two-week intra-day low - and 61.90 before concluding at 61.77, logging a rise of 15 paise, or 0.24 per cent.
This is the rupee's strongest close since 61.76 on November 21. In the previous two sessions, the Indian currency had softened by four paise or 0.06 per cent.
The local currency also took cues from government's 5 per cent stake sale in SAIL, for an estimated Rs 1,700 crore, generating a robust demand among investors with the offer getting subscribed more than two times on Friday.
The dollar index, an indicator of other six major global rivals, was up by 0.27 per cent.

Packed agenda for Prince William  Kate in NYC DCBy: Associated Press | New York |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:43 pm
Among the roughly 5 million visitors expected in New York this holiday season, at least two are certain to get the royal treatment: Britain’s Prince William and his wife, Kate. They’re due to arrive Sunday for the first trip either has made to the United States’ biggest city, and William also is set to visit the nation’s capital for the first time. A few things to know:
THE GAME PLAN
Properly known as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the royals are making their first official visit to the United States since a 2011 jaunt to California. (William made a personal trip to a friend’s Memphis, Tennessee, wedding this May with his brother, Prince Harry.)
The duke and duchess have been looking forward to a three-day trip involving issues “close to both of their hearts,” a spokeswoman said.
Kate is expecting their second child in April, but the royals’ schedule is packed with plans ranging from paying respects at the National Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum to taking in a Cleveland Cavaliers-Brooklyn Nets game.
Other events promote British involvement in New York’s technology and creative sectors and spotlight the couple’s charitable interests in wildlife conservation and child development. Among other commitments, William will head to a World Bank conference in Washington to discuss fighting illegal trade in wildlife parts, while Kate will tour a New York child development center with the city’s first lady, Chirlane McCray.
William and Kate also are due to join Tom Hanks, opera singer Renee Fleming and others at a black-tie, up-to-$10,000-per-seat scholarship fundraiser for the University of St. Andrews, the Scottish institution where the royal couple met and earned degrees.
As an itinerary, “it’s trying to cover a lot of points in a short period of time,” but it signals the couple’s interest in forging ties with Americans who share their philanthropic ideas, says Joe Little, the managing editor of Majesty magazine.
NYC, ROYALTY AND ‘ROYALS’
Spain’s Queen Letizia toured a public school just in September. Among British royals, Queen Elizabeth II visited in 2010, and Prince Harry hit both New York and Washington last year. The queen’s daughter, Princess Anne, opened an exhibition of the Magna Carta in Washington last month.
But William and Kate’s watched-round-the-world wedding and parenthood have made them particular magnets for public attention, as a 21st-century royal family in which an heir to the throne drives his newborn home from the hospital himself.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio rose to political prominence pledging to champion the middle class — a point underscored when he took his victory-party stage last year to “Royals,” pop star Lorde’s hit that declares “we’ll never be royals … That kind of luxe just ain’t for us.” But de Blasio has praised William and Kate’s visit, noting their charitable work continued…

UN peacekeeper in Liberia tests positive forEbolaBy: Associated Press | Liberia |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:29 pm
A U.N. peacekeeper who contracted Ebola in Liberia will be flown to the Netherlands for treatment, a Dutch Health Ministry spokeswoman said Friday.
The Nigerian soldier will go into isolation at a “calamity unit” at the University Medical Center Utrecht, according to Inge Freriksen. He is expected to arrive in Amsterdam over the weekend and be transferred by ambulance to nearby Utrecht.
Late Thursday, the U.N. mission announced that the soldier had tested positive for the dreaded disease a day earlier.
This is the third case of Ebola among mission personnel, according to Karin Landgren, the top U.N. envoy in the country. The previous two died.
The mission has so far identified 16 people who came into contact with the soldier, and they have been quarantined, she said. Areas the peacekeeper visited while symptomatic have been decontaminated.
The man will be the first Ebola patient hospitalized in the Netherlands. He is being treated in a Dutch hospital at the request of the World Health Organization, Freriksen said.
The Ebola outbreak has sickened nearly 17,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Of those, about 6,100 have died.
The U.N. force, with about 7,700 troops and police, has been in Liberia since 2003 to bring stability after two civil wars.

Uttar Pradesh: Dense fog claims fourlivesBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:27 pm
Moderate to dense fog at many places in Uttar Pradesh on Friday claimed four lives in accidents in different parts of the state.
Two people died in Hardoi where a tractor trolley was hit by a train at the railway crossing while two others died in Lakhimpur Kheri district due to poor visibility because of heavy fog.
MeT office in Lucknow said that moderate to dense fog occurred at most places over east UP and moderate fog occurred at isolated places in western parts of the state.
On Thursday, night temperatures appreciably rose in Moradabad division; rose in Varanasi and Allahabad divisions; fell in Kanpur, Jhansi, Agra divisions and changed a little in the remaining divisions of the state.
They were markedly above normal in Faizabad division, appreciably above normal in Gorakhpur, Jhansi divisions, above normal in Allahabad, Moradabad divisions and were normal in the remaining divisions of the state.
Lowest minimum temperature over the state was 5.5 degrees Celsius recorded at Muzaffarnagar, they added.

Additional pressure only motivates me to perform better: AshokDindaBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:22 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 8:44 pm
His inclusion in the 30-member probables list has come as a whiff of fresh air for Ashok Dinda, who was in the wilderness for nearly 22 months, after he had played his 13th one day international for India.
“You can say that I am relieved and satisfied that my performances in domestic cricket has been recognised. Being in the 30-member World Cup probables list is an assurance that I am there in the mix. But the road ahead is very tough and I have to focus on performing in each and every match,” Dinda told PTI from Baroda, where he will be spearheading Bengal’s bowling attack against Baroda in the Ranji Trophy opener.
Will World Cup selection create any additional pressure to perform, the carefree Dinda replied,”When I play for Bengal, the only thing that I keep in mind is to take atleast five wickets and help the team win. It won’t be any different.
World Cup won’t be at the back of my mind. If I can perform well, the selectors will definitely reward me for my efforts,” said Dinda, who has taken 19 wickets in eight List A matches this season.
For someone, who has bravely carried Bengal attack for the past three seasons, Dinda admitted that he felt a bit “demotivated” when he was completely out of the scheme of things even after getting 40 wickets in Ranji Trophy last season.
“I did feel a bit sad that I was not even there in India A side but I did not let that affect my performance. In fact, the more I am under pressure, the better I start bowling.
Check the record books, you will see, I have been getting bulk of the wickets for Bengal with others chipping in with a wicket or two. But that’s what I enjoy.
“Additional pressure only motivates me and makes me more determined to perform,” said the 30-year-old, who hails from remote Naichanpur village, in West Bengal.
While playing for India, there was a T20 match against England in Mumbai back in 2012, where Eoin Morgan hit him for a last ball six and he got a lot of flak for bowling a fuller last delivery.
“No one wants to lose a match. There were 9 runs required in the final over. I gave it my all but Morgan played better cricket during that particular over. I knew that I had tried my best but things just didn’t work out,” said the feisty pacer.
He said that his effort in the Deodhar Trophy final, where he guided East to title triumph with figures of 4/33 was close to best he had bowled in a one day game.
“The length that I hit, the pace that I generated and the movement that I continued…

Church threat to Congress: Changing liquor policy would prove costly inelectionsWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:20 pm
A day after Chief Minister Oommen Chandy told the Assembly that the new liquor policy would undergo necessary changes considering practical and legal aspects, Kerala Catholic Bishop Council’s Anti-Liquor Movement threatened the Congress government with electoral setback.
While addressing a meeting of the movement in Kottayam, its chairman Bishop R Inchananiyil said the shift in the liquor policy of the government forced them to believe the allegation that finance minister K M Mani has accepted bribe for renewing liquor licence of hotels. “We had not believed the allegation that Mani had taken bribe from bar hotel owners. But, the government decision to bring in changes in the liquor policy makes us believe the allegation. The government would face setback in the coming elections, ’’ said the bishop.
The local body elections in Kerala is slated for next year, which would be followed by assembly elections.
Mani, chairman of Christian-dominated regional party Kerala Congress, is a member of Catholic Church. The Bishop is a known as a Congress sympathizer.
Earlier, while the Congress government was planning to allow renewal of licence to eligible among the 418 bar hotels, Cardinal Clemis of Malankara Catholic Church had threatened to bring down the government if it went ahead with the plan to open 418 bars. The threat from Cardinal came while the excise department was inspecting 418 bars for their facilities as per a direction from the high court.
While the Cardinal was addressing the gathering in front of the state secretariat, Congress state president V M Sudheeran had too echoed the same view at that time. A few days after the Church threat, Congress government came out with a new liquor policy, which planned closure of non-five-star bars and total prohibition in ten years.
A similar situation has emerged soon after the government announced in the assembly that it would make some necessary changes in the liquor policy considering the crisis of employees at the bars. The Church is exerting pressure on the Congress government not to water down the new liquor policy. This time also, KPCC chief Sudheeran is also backing the Church stand to win a score over Chief Minister Oommen Chandy. Sudheeran said there is no need to change the liquor policy. Total prohibition is Congress stand, he said.

Honda to recall 135 000 cars in Japan over a...Honda to recall 135,000 cars in Japan as Takata air bag fallout grows
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.28PM IST
More than 16 million cars have been recalled globally since 2008, the bulk by Takata's top customer Honda
ET SPECIAL:
TOKYO: Honda Motor Co will soon recall 135,000 vehicles in Japan as recalls in the United States involving potentially defective air bags by Takata Corp expand, a Honda spokeswoman said on Friday.
The spokeswoman said she did not know when the recall will be announced.
Defective Takata air bag inflators, which can explode and shoot shrapnel into the car, have been linked to five deaths. More than 16 million cars have been recalled globally since 2008, the bulk by Takata's top customer Honda.
Several carmakers in the US have issued regional recalls of certain models to investigate what is causing some Takata air bags to explode with excessive force.
US safety regulators have ordered Takata to have those recalls expanded nationwide.
As a result, Honda will recall similar vehicles in Japan, the spokeswoman told Reuters.

BA lowers base fares by 74% on India US flightsBritish Airways lowers base fares by up to 74% on flights to US from India
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.32PM IST
British Airways today reduced its base fares by up to 74 per cent for its flights from India to a host of destinations across the US under a limited period special fare offer
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Ahead of the holiday season, British Airways today reduced its base fares by up to 74 per cent for its flights from India to a host of destinations across the US under a limited period special fare offer.
The offer is available on flights booked in Club World (business class) and World Traveller (economy class) for sale period between December 5 and December 15 with a travel period validity of up to March 15 next year, British Airways said in a release.
Following the reduction in the base fares, the all-inclusive two-way tickets price for a flight to San Francisco in the US from Delhi now starts at Rs 53,760 with savings of up to 74 per cent on the base fare, British Airways said.
Similarly, the airline has offered an up to 37 per cent discount in base fares on all-inclusive business class return fares for Chennai-Chicago sector.
British Airways covers over 150 destinations in 75 countries while in India the carrier operates 49 flights a week from London's Heathrow airport to Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
"This is a significant year for us at British Airways as we celebrate 90 years of flying to India. We are delighted to launch the biggest sale of the year for all our Indian customers to visit some of the best destinations in the US, whilst enjoying our award winning facilities on-board," British Airways regional commercial manager for South Asia Christopher Fordyce said.
With connectivity to over 500 destinations in association with American Airlines , British Airways customers will arrive, depart and transfer through Terminal 5, the airline's dedicated home at London Heathrow, which offers a smooth and seamless travel experience, he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

http://usat.ly/124PPPTFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Starbucks goes upscale with fancy coffee emporium
SEATTLE -- If Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz were to build a monument to himself – and his company – this is arguably it.   For a one year, Starbucks has been constructing its Starbucks Reserve Roastery and
Post to Facebook
Starbucks goes upscale with fancy coffee emporium SEATTLE -- If Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz were to build a monument to himself – and his company – this is arguably it.   For a one year, Starbucks has been constructing its Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CKvIae
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Starbucks goes upscale with fancy coffee emporium
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:05 a.m. EST December 5, 2014
Starbucks opens a new 15,000 square foot store in the chic Capitol Hill area of Seattle. USA TODAY
The new Starbucks Roastery store in Seattle is where coffee isn't just sold, but also roasted, bagged and shipped around the world.
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
3127 CONNECT 202 TWEET 248 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SEATTLE — If Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz were to build a monument to his company — and to himself — this is arguably it.
This is Starbucks on steroids.  And on stage.
Early Friday, the Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room mega-store  opens its specially carved teak doors in Seattle's chi-chi Capitol Hill. Part store, part theater and part made-for-social-media buzz, it's also a savvy tourist attraction. The store is big not just in size, but aspirations.
This is not your neighborhood Starbucks. At 15,000 square feet, it could house about a dozen conventional Starbucks stores.  But there's nothing conventional about this java joint, which mixes Willy Wonka glitz with extreme coffee culture. Starbucks gave USA TODAY an exclusive, early tour of the store where coffee isn't just sold, but also roasted, bagged and shipped around the world.
Think of the Starbucks Roastery as a gathering spot for the well-to-do, where industrial age aesthetic meets information age reality.  At a time when fewer customers are heading into retail stores in shopping malls or on Main Street, it's a gutsy move. Starbucks is attempting to create traffic and buzz not just with new multisyllabic beverage concoctions and some expensive brand burnishing. Here, upscale amenities, such as designer foods and craft coffees, aim to lure a more affluent and diverse clientele.
And, of course, to boost the bottom line.  While Starbucks has expanded into everything from juices to grocery store goods, this is a U-turn back to its coffee roots.  In a technology age, it's a reminder that without the coffee bean, there is no Starbucks.  This, even as the company that had wowed investors with double-digit same-store sales jumps cooled in its fourth fiscal quarter to a more modest 5% increase.
The store opens the day after Starbucks wrapped its biennial investor conference, where the company unveiled the first "Mobile Order & Pay" platform in the Portland, Ore., area, with a  national roll-out planned for 2015.  Schultz said that the new system will lead to food and drink delivery in some markets later next year. And  Starbucks plans to double U.S. food revenue to more than $5 billion over the next five years, in part by expanding wine and beer to more stores.
But the loudest and clearest message from Starbucks is the sheer physical presence of the new Starbucks Roastery. The smell of the roasting coffee permeates the air like invisible java junkie insulin.The sights and sounds of the overhead pneumatic transfer tubes — where the coffee beans are whisked from loading bay to roasters to coffee silos — are riveting. A 32-foot-high Copper Cast, where beans rest after roasting, shines like a newly minted penny. There's a Coffee Experience Bar where a Starbucks Coffee Master demonstrates eight brewing techniques.
Prepare to pay for the extravagance. Bagged coffee can fetch $16 a pound or more.  The cheapest cup of coffee is $3.  The most expensive — a 32-ounce cup of its exclusive Pantheon Blend — is $8. Three 12-ounce coffee samples at the Coffee Experience Bar will set you back $15.
Perfectly displayed merchandise is lit with museum-quality lighting. Just in time for the holidays, colorful, hand-blown drinking glasses for iced coffee go for $75 each. A waxed  canvas apron like the baristas wear in this store  fetches $149.95. Italian-made espresso machines are yours for $3,000.
Liz Muller talks about the new Starbucks Roastery.
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
"This is the theater of coffee," says Liz Muller, creative vice president of global design, who oversaw store construction the past year. "We wanted to create a space to reinvent retail for the 21st century."
Schultz wants the store as a symbolic exclamation mark on the Starbucks Reserve coffee brand and to spread its distribution internationally.   And to educate folks from bean to cup. But most of all, this store is a monument to Schultz's inner drive to top all takers. At a time many folks are going out less, Schultz says that the Roastery "will shine a bright light on everything Starbucks."
Perhaps it's something more like a searchlight. This is really Seattle trying to put on the Hollywood glitz. By spring, there will even be tour buses zipping the nine blocks from the very first Starbucks store that opened in 1971 near Pike Place Market to the Roastery, which aims to be Seattle's most talked-about gathering spot.
The store redefines the retail flagship store of the future, says Scott Bedbury, a brand consultant and former marketing chief at both Starbucks and Nike.
Sure, NikeTown stores in New York and Chicago are amazing, but you don't actually see the shoes being manufactured.  Toys R Us has a flagship store in New York's Times Square, but the toys aren't made there, either.  At the Roastery, you can see, hear, feel, smell and taste the product being made. "The brand is being defined at its very best for the world to see," says Bedbury.
Even so, the store has limits, warns Temple University history professor Bryant Simon, author of Everything but the Coffee: Learning about America from Starbucks. "It will generate a lot of publicity," he says, "But I don't think it will win over hipsters, writers and coffee people to the brand."  These are folks who are, typically, less interested in show, he says.
Starbucks is heavily betting that Simon's dead wrong.  They decline to discuss the investment in the new store — which replaced a former Volvo dealership — but it's clearly a lot. A second Roastery will likely be built next year in Asia, but Schultz won't disclose where.
Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room mega-store in Seattle's Capitol Hill is bigger than big. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Susan Townsend and John Christensen operate the large roaster. The new store not only sells coffee, but also roasts and packages the coffee. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The Roastery is extravagant. Bagged coffee can fetch $16 a pound or more. The cheapest cup of coffee is $3. The most expensive is $8. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista Dave Flippen shakes up an iced coffee drink at the Seattle roastery. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista trainer Chris Smith brews a Columbia roast coffee on the siphon. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista trainer Chris Smith displays a Columbia roast coffee brewed on a siphon. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Starbucks is attempting to create traffic and buzz with new multi-syllable beverage concoctions and some expensive brand burnishing. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Barista trainer Chris Smith pours a Columbia roast coffee that was brewed on a siphon at Starbucks' new roastery and store. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
This new roasting facility will allow Starbucks to expand its very profitable Reserve coffee line, which will be sold at 1,500 locations globally. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room features perfectly displayed merchandise, lit with museum-quality lighting. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Alex Muth roasts vegetables in the wood fire oven at the roastery. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Fullscreen
All the wood, steel and other materials used to build the Starbucks Roastery are American made. And if you really happen to like the place a lot and want to have a group meeting, birthday or wedding event you can rent out a back area. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The sights and sounds of the overhead pneumatic transfer tubes, where the coffee beans are whisked from loading bay to roasters to coffee silos, are riveting. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
The new Starbucks Roastery is a totally outside the box Starbucks. 
(Photo: Scott Eklund, for USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Monte Carlo Fashions IPO oversubscribed 7.6 timesDec 06, 2014, 04.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Monte Carlo Fashions IPO oversubscribed 7.83 times
he reserved portion of qualified institutional investors was subscribed 13.96 times while non-institutional investors’ portion subscribed 1.71 times and the subscription from retail investors was 6.96 times.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Monte Carlo Fashions IPO oversubscribed 7.83 times
he reserved portion of qualified institutional investors was subscribed 13.96 times while non-institutional investors’ portion subscribed 1.71 times and the subscription from retail investors was 6.96 times.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Rs 350 crore public issue of Monte Carlo Fashions (MCFL), the Ludhiana-based woollen and cotton apparel manufacturer, has oversubscribed 7.83 times, as per data available from the exchanges.
The issue has received bids for 2.98 crore equity shares against IPO size of 38.03 lakh equity shares (Actual issue size was 54.33 lakh shares. Hence, the rest of the shares were subscribed by anchor investors).
The reserved portion of qualified institutional investors was subscribed 13.96 times while non-institutional investors’ portion subscribed 1.71 times and the subscription from retail investors was 6.96 times.
The price band of the issue, which closed today, was Rs 630-645 per share.
Monte Carlo, the apparel retail chain, aims to garner Rs 342-350 crore through the issue by diluting 25 percent shareholding.
There is no fresh issue of shares. Promoters (including Oswal family & members and other companies) will reduce their stake from 81.06 percent to 63.63 percent and Smara Capital, a Mauritius-based PE firm (through its affiliate, KIL had acquired stake in Monte Carlo in June 2012) will cut its shareholding from 18.51 percent to 10.94 percent through this issue.
The objects of the offer are to achieve the benefits of listing the equity shares on the stock exchanges and the sale of 54.33 lakh equity shares by the selling shareholders.
Monte Carlo allotted 16.29 lakh equity shares at Rs 645 apiece amounting to Rs 105.12 crore to anchor investors namely DB International (Asia), Aditya Birla Private Equity Trust, Tata Mutual Fund and Birla Sun Life.
Monte Carlo in FY14 recorded net profit of Rs 55.3 crore (up 13 percent over FY13) on revenue of Rs 503.7 crore (up 24.7 percent over FY13).
As on June 30, 2014, there were 196 'Monte Carlo Exclusive Brand Outlets’ in India, two in Dubai and one in Kathmandu, Nepal. It had supplied products to over 1,300 MBOs through commissioned agents.
It has two manufacturing facilities in Ludhiana, Punjab, one for woollen apparel products and one for cotton apparel products. It also recently commenced in-house manufacturing of some of cotton t-shirts and thermals in April 2014.
SBI Capital Markets, Axis Capital, Edelweiss Financial Services and Religare Capital Markets are the book running lead managers to the issue. Link Intime India Private Limited is the registrar to the issue.
RELATED NEWS

NASA s Orion Spacecraft Lifts Off From FloridaHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Biotech stocks to watch at ASH
Dear madhavji  small correction in your words. he is not giving recomm...New Member
2 Followers
arvindji, even i had this thought till date. penny stocks or low vol stocks can be hard to dealt with due to your huge following. it will be a wise decision i suppose what you have decided
In reply to : arvind151 message
5.17 PM Dec 5th

I meant 126 crores of addl investments by fiis and not 1260 crores.New Member
8 Followers
Rohan, That would mean an investment of about 1260 crores by FIIs to increase their combined stake from 8 to 12%. DIIs have only about 3%. Will it be the retail investors who will sell out 4% of what they are holding? Whether FIIs will increase their holding from 8 to 12 or 15% or whatever is something no one knows.
In reply to : Rohan04503 message
5.55 PM Dec 5th

Jbm auto has rallied from 15 rupees   dont be supriced to see it tradi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yes sgp sir  deliverable 80% quantity.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

How Much Would You Pay to Get Your Kid Into HarvardHow much would you pay to get your kid into Ivy League?
Barbara Booth CNBC
Email
Two months before 17-year-old Alexa of northern New Jersey—a national merit  scholar, Girl Scout Gold Award recipient and standout soccer player—planned to  submit her application to Amherst, anxiety set in. Even though she met all the  requirements to land her on the college's competitive playing field, she wanted  an independent education counselor (IEC) to give the final nod on her  application. It didn't matter that her parents, guidance counselor, coach and  teachers invested more than 100 hours steering her through the college process.
Her parents contacted a pricey New York City college-planning service and,  after relating Alexa's long list of achievements, they agreed to "fit her in,"  starting off with a 90-minute consultation and then a six-hour boot camp so a  counselor could review her essays and Common App. Price: $10,000.
They signed on the dotted line. 
Darren McCollester / Getty Images
Hiring an IEC to help navigate the college admission process is a growing trend, especially among high achievers aiming for Ivy League colleges.
While the tab seems exorbitant, Alexa's parents may have gotten off easy.  Typically, students begin working with an IEC at the end of their sophomore year  in high school, just prior to visiting colleges. But increasingly, parents are  signing on as early as middle school and "can spend upwards of $100,000 to  $200,000, depending on their chosen program and services," said Dr. Katherine  Cohen, the founder of IvyWise , an educational consulting company in New York City  that provides career counseling services to students.
Cara, a Harvard University student from New York, was in eighth grade when  her parents contacted IvyWise. The company worked with Cara throughout all four  years of high school, guiding her on the best way to demonstrate her STEM  interest to colleges. IvyWise chose her high school courses, advised her to  spend her summers in science programs conducting independent research, and  helped her increase her SAT scores and write her essays.
The admissions game
Hiring an IEC to help navigate the college admission process is a growing  trend, especially among high achievers, according to Lipman Hearne. The  marketing and communications firm recently conducted a nationwide survey of  1,264 students who scored in the 70th percentile or higher on the SAT (at least  1150 out of 1600) or ACT (a composite of at least 25). Of these students, 26  percent admit to hiring an IEC to help them in their college search. This  equates to about 160,000 college applicants.
The reason? Fear.
High school students and their parents have become so panicked with the  mystique surrounding today's college admissions process that they are clamoring  to find help to better their odds in the college admissions game.
That, along with the lack of quality admission counseling in the high schools , has  been a boon for independent education consultants. The profession is exploding  nationwide, to the tune of $400 million a year, according to the IECA in its  latest report . It has grown from about 1,500 in 2008 to more than  8,000 professionals, IECA said. This figure does not include the extra 10,000 to  15,000 who "dabble" in it to earn extra income.
Video: CNBC personal finance correspondent Sharon Epperson discusses several factors incoming college students should take into account when choosing their major.
According to the IECA, on average, a complete package from initial  consultation in junior year to submitting the application in senior year will  run $4,035, up from $3,590 in 2009; for students with special needs, the cost  goes up to $4,750. Most consultants also offer hourly rates of about $150 an  hour for students who simply want some general direction on, say, their essay or  their choice of schools.
"[IECs] exist and seem to multiply in numbers because the market is clearly  willing to pay for it," said Bruce Poch, former vice president and dean of  admission at Pomona College. "Remember, this is the generation of parents  who want to be their child's friends, and Facebook friends, not just parents.  ... They are willing to pay, sometimes a lot, to have someone nag for  them."
He added: "For some, the expense suggests quality. Katherine Cohen at IvyWise  and Michele Hernandez consulting built their empires on that notion ."
The ROI metrics
But with the plethora of free resources available online today—such as  College Board's BigFuture , Edvisors.com and BestCollegeFit —offering valuable information on planning,  saving, FASFA and scholarship opportunities for college, is it necessary to  invest in an independent education counselor?
There is an open debate on this issue.
"Investing $10,000 is worth it when you're talking about a $200,000  education," said Christine Lagana of Upper Saddle River, New Jersey, who claims  that had her IEC not pushed her daughter to apply early decision, she may not  have made it into Bucknell. "My daughter's grades were on the cusp, but our  planner was very good at analyzing stats, so she was able to make some strategic  decisions. She saw that Bucknell has a higher-than-average ED rate."
Sam, an orthodox Jewish student with an A average and between a 720 and 740  on each section of his SATs clearly understands the importance of understanding  the stats. After being deferred from the early decision pool at Yale, he  contacted The  Ivy Coach , a private college counseling practice in New York City, who  advised him that Yale has a student body that is almost 30 percent Jewish and  that his application brought no diversity to the school. The Ivy Coach  encouraged him instead to apply to Princeton, where the undergraduate Jewish  population is only about 7.5 percent. He was accepted.
The role of the IEC
While these high-priced college planning services claim that they get  results—the Ivy Coach says 100 percent of its clients get into one of their top  three college choices; IvyWise says 90 percent of its students get into one or  more of their three top choice schools—Mark Sklarow, CEO of the Independent  Educational Consultants Association , said in an email to CNBC that "the role  of college planners is NOT to get students into their top choice college. The  role of planners is to help students … explore which colleges … are best suited  to help them thrive, succeed, and graduate."
Others, such as Peter van Buskirk, former dean of admission at Franklin and  Marshall College, believe that while IECs help navigate students in the college  admission process, most people hire professionals simply because their neighbors  do, or because the parents just don't have the time to commit to the process  themselves.
"Consultants help students gain perspective in the process so they can make  better decisions as to how and when to apply. But ultimately," he said,  "consultants don't get the kids in; the kids get the kids in. And parents are  spending ungodly amounts of money that frankly aren't making much of a  difference at all in the outcome." 
CNBC
10 signs of a reputable college planner
Not all IECs are alike
Because there is no licensing requirement to become an IEC, experience ranges  from former admissions officers and high school guidance counselors to college  interviewers, writers, and even parents who once successfully navigated their  own child through the college admissions process. Although it is strongly  recommended that IECs become affiliated with an independent consultants  association, only about 1 in 5 belong to one.
As a result, the IECA cautions that you need to thoroughly review a  consultant's credentials before signing a contract.
"Membership in some of the Independent Educational Consultants Association or  the National Association for College Admission Counseling may point to some  experience," said Poch. "But as we all know, a teaching certificate doesn't  guarantee a great or even good teacher, and a medical degree isn't a certain  guarantee of the finest medical care. So let the buyer beware."
The IECA warns against any consultant who receives a commission for referrals  or who guarantees admission to a student's top choice. The organization also  warns against counselors who claim they know an institution's admission  "formula" or claim they can ensure a certain amount of scholarship money.
Additionally, the IECA says that consultants should never rewrite an essay or  fill out the application and FAFSA for you. "It is essential that the student be  in charge of the process and all materials should be a product of the student's  own, best work," says the IECA on its website. 
Stressing out our youth
Lloyd Thacker, executive director of the Educational  Conservancy , is so disturbed by the current college admission process and  the pressure it's placed on today's youth that he left his job as an admissions  counselor in 2008 to start the EC, a nonprofit organization devoted to working  with leaders in higher education to overhaul college admissions policies and  practices.
"It's not easy to be in this culture," he said. "We believe that the more we  spend, the better we get, and it's hurting the way we love our kids. "
Thacker added: "Kids will do well wherever they go. It doesn't matter. It's  not where you went to college but what you did in college."
Meanwhile, The Ivy Coach founder Bev Taylor said her site gets 1,500 hits a  day.
"We get a lot of siblings, and then when they are done, we get the cousins,"  she said. "But we never get the friends. People don't want their friends to know  how their kid got into Harvard." 
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Amazon s holiday historyAmazon's holiday history
Wednesday, 26 Nov 2014 | 11:25  AM ET
CNBC's Dominic Chu breaks out the Kensho Stats Box and takes a look at what's in store for Amazon investors this time of year.
SHARES

Lava inks deal with Singapore start-up to install appLava inks deal with Singapore start-up to install app
Gurdip Singh     Singapore   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 09:44 IST
Indian smartphone maker Lava has signed a deal with a Singapore start-up to install an application on its Xolo brand phones.
Lava would pre-load 6degrees self-updating appon Xolo smartphones, opening up India's multi-million phone users market to the Singapore app.
Lava has about 8 per cent of the smartphone market in India and expects to sell 2.5 million Xolo phones next year.
This is the first major milestone for us. Our dream is for 6degrees to be a global company and this is the first step, Niranjan Rao, co-founder of 6degrees was quoted as saying by The Straits Times.
6degrees is a phonebook app that automatically updates itself whenever users or their contacts change their phone numbers or other contact information.
 The app is available on Android Apple's iOS in English, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Arabic, Portuguese and Spanish. A former investment banker, Rao teamed up with engineer Arun Samudrala to create the app, which currently has about 15,000 users.
Recently, 6degrees won the Singapore leg of global start-up competition Seedstars World and would represent Singapore in that grand finals to be held in February in Geneva where the winning price is $500,000 of investment fund.
Its other awards including a SGD50,000 cash grant in January from the Singapore Media Development Authority under the i.Jam start-up funding scheme which recognises innovative start-ups.
(PTI)

Air Bag Maker Passes The Buck On Recall DecisionTakata Corp., Maker Of Problematic Air Bags, Says Recall Decision Is Up To Automakers
 |  By                                                                      DEE-ANN DURBIN and MARCY GORDON
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Japan's Takata Corp. rejected federal regulators' demand Wednesday for an expanded, nationwide recall of millions of air bags, setting up a possible legal showdown and leaving some drivers to wonder about the safety of their cars.
Amid the standoff, Honda Motor Co. decided to act on its own and recall cars with the potentially defective equipment in all 50 states. But other automakers have yet to make a decision.
At issue are air bags whose inflators can explode with too much force, hurling shrapnel into the passenger compartment. At least five deaths and dozens of injuries have been linked to the problem worldwide.
Over the past six years, Takata and 10 automakers issued a series of recalls covering 8 million cars in the U.S., mostly in high-humidity areas such as the Gulf Coast, because of evidence that moisture can cause the propellant to burn too quickly. But after incidents in California and North Carolina, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began pressing for the recall of 8 million more vehicles from coast to coast — a demand that Takata flatly rejected.
"There's not enough scientific evidence to change from a regional recall to a national recall," Hiroshi Shimizu, Takata senior vice president of global quality assurance, told a House subcommittee on Capitol Hill.
Takata also contends that NHTSA has authority to seek recalls only from auto manufacturers and makers of replacement parts, not from original parts suppliers — a position NHTSA contests.
Shimizu insisted that the air bags are safe: "I would drive a car with a Takata air bag."
David Friedman, NHTSA deputy administrator, said he was "deeply disappointed" by Takata's response.
The agency is now gathering proof that a recall is needed, which it will present at a public hearing. After that, NHTSA could order Takata to undertake a recall, and could take the company to court if it refuses. But Friedman acknowledged that could take months.
"It's time for industry to step up," Friedman told lawmakers. "Until (Takata) and automakers act, affected drivers won't be protected."
The stalemate is likely to add to the confusion among car owners, many of whom are already bewildered because some of the recalls have covered driver's-side air bags, while others applied to passenger-side air bags, and a few covered both. The NHTSA-demanded recalls would involve driver's-side air bags.
At Wednesday's hearing, Rep. Jan Schakowsky of Illinois, the panel's senior Democrat, said she has received letters from constituents "who are literally afraid to drive their cars."
Rep. Billy Long, R-Mo., warned that driving a car with a Takata air bag is "tantamount to driving down the highway with a shotgun pointed at you."
Drivers whose cars have been recalled should have received notices in the mail. A driver can also key in the vehicle's identification number at www.safercar.gov or call the dealer to see if the car is covered.
But for those outside the recall zone who want to know if their air bags are safe, things get trickier. It's difficult to tell if a car has a Takata air bag inflator. Car owners can try asking their dealer, but even they may not know.
Honda is Takata's largest customer, but the company also made air bags for Ford, Chrysler, Mazda and BMW. Mazda said Wednesday that it will probably expand its recall, while BMW said it is evaluating the situation.
Ford and Chrysler both expanded passenger air bag recalls on Wednesday to include states outside of the initial high-humidity zones. But neither automaker recalled additional driver's side air bag inflators, as Honda did.
In a statement late Wednesday, NHTSA said Chrysler's response was insufficient, and its plan to notify customers in January is too late.
Rick Schostek, executive vice president of Honda North America, said Honda is acting even though Takata hasn't identified problems beyond the current recall areas. Honda didn't say how many vehicles will be recalled, but the recall includes some of its most popular vehicles, including the 2001-07 Accord sedan and the 2002-06 CR-V SUV.
"Our customers have concerns and we want to address them," Schostek said.
Lawmakers expressed frustration that, after a decade, Takata still isn't certain about the cause of the explosions. They also questioned whether the replacement air bags made by Takata will be safe.
Takata said it has tested 1,057 inflators taken from locations outside the high-humidity zone, and none of them ruptured.
Wednesday's hearing was the second in Congress regarding Takata air bags. Earlier this year, Congress held a series of highly publicized hearings into General Motors' handling of a recall of cars with defective ignition switches that are now linked to 36 deaths.
"I'm sorry to say that it has been a bad year for auto safety," Rep. Fred Upton, R-Michigan, said at the opening of the hearing.
____
AP Auto Writers Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin reported from Detroit. Yuri Kageyama contributed from Tokyo.
Also on HuffPost:

Hershey Poised To Make A Major Change To Its Iconic Chocolate SyrupHershey Poised To Make A Major Change To Their Iconic Chocolate Syrup
Posted:
Updated:
12/04/2014  2:59 pm EST
Hershey Co. Hershey's brand chocolate syrup sits on display in a supermarket in New York, U.S., on Thursday, Jan. 14, 2010. Hershey Co. authorized a bid for Cadbury Plc to be drawn up after the matter was debated internally, the Financial Times reported. An offer would challenge Kraft Foods Inc.'s 10.9 billion pound ($17.8 billion) bid for the England-based company. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — In a story Dec. 2 about The Hershey Co. exploring the replacement of high-fructose corn syrup with sugar, The Associated Press, relying on information from a company spokesman, erroneously named several products the changes could affect. Some Hershey products that include high-fructose corn syrup are Hershey's syrups, Rolo, Reese's Nutrageous, Take 5 and certain Hershey boxed chocolates.
The story also misstated a finding by the American Medical Association. The story should have stated that the association has said there's not enough evidence to specifically restrict the use of high-fructose corn syrup, not regular corn syrup.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Hershey explores removing high-fructose corn syrup
Hershey explores removal of high-fructose corn syrup in favor of sugar
By CANDICE CHOI
AP Food Industry Writer
NEW YORK (AP) — Hershey is looking at replacing the high-fructose corn syrup in some of its products with sugar.
Will Papa, chief research and development officer at The Hershey Co., told The Associated Press the company uses a mix of sugar and high-fructose corn syrup in its products but that it is "moving more toward sugar."
"We take into account what consumers want. And consumers are telling us between the two, they prefer sugar," Papa said.
A switch to sugar would make Hershey a high-profile example of the move away from high-fructose corn syrup in the food industry. Many people say they avoid it because it has gained a bad reputation for fueling weight gain and diabetes, though health experts says there's not enough evidence to conclude it's any worse than regular sugar.
In an emailed statement, Hershey said its work on "exploring" the replacement of high-fructose corn syrup "is just underway" and that it did not have a timeframe on when it might be complete.
The company said products that have high-fructose corn syrup include Hershey's syrups, Rolo, Reese's Nutrageous, Take 5 and certain Hershey boxed chocolates.
"Our aim is to be transparent with our consumers about the ingredients we use in our products. Once we have more information to share, we will be back in touch," Hershey said in its statement.
Other products that have changed from high-fructose corn syrup to sugar include Gatorade drinks and Yoplait yogurt.
As for health, the American Medical Association has said there's not enough evidence to specifically restrict the use of high-fructose corn syrup. The Center for Science in the Public Interest, which advocates for food safety, has also said that there's no evidence that the sweetener is any worse nutritionally than sugar.
The Corn Refiners Association, an industry group, has been pushing back at the negative perceptions about high-fructose corn syrup, which is generally cheaper than sugar. In 2010, the association submitted an application to the Food and Drug Administration to have its sweetener renamed "corn sugar" on nutrition labels. The request was denied.
The association said it has also commissioned market-research firms Mintel and Nielsen to study perceptions of sweeteners and shared the results online. For instance, the group notes in media materials that "67% of consumers agree that moderation is more important than specific sweetener types."
John Bode, president of the Corn Refiners Association, said in an interview that the number of companies changing from corn syrup to sugar has slowed. Still, he said consumption of high-fructose corn syrup has declined more than other sugars.
Part of the reason is that people are cutting back on soda, which he said accounts for a majority of the market for high-fructose corn syrup.
In some cases, he noted that companies have switched back from sugar to high-fructose corn syrup after failing to see a notable sales spike. Hunt's Tomato Ketchup switched to sugar in 2010, but then switched back to high-fructose corn syrup in 2012. Lanie Friedman, a spokeswoman for ConAgra Foods, said demand for the version without high-fructose corn syrup wasn't "as strong as expected."
She noted the company still offers a 100% Natural line that uses sugar.
Among the members of the Corn Refiners Association are agribusiness companies Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill and Tate & Lyle.
___
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
Also on HuffPost:

The Most Corrupt Countries In The Worldreddit
Don't expect bribery to get you far in New Zealand. North Korea, however, may be a different story.
A new map by Transparency International , a non-profit group dedicated to fighting governmental and corporate corruption, shows how levels of corruption vary around the world. Using data and expert opinion from 12 independent institutions specializing in governance , the group ranked 175 countries on factors such as the prevalence of bribery, how countries prosecute corruption, and how governments respond to their population's needs, such as guaranteeing basic human rights.
North American and European countries were relatively less corrupt than countries in South America, Central Africa and Asia. Somalia, known for high levels of piracy , and communist-ruled North Korea ranked as the most corrupt countries in the world. Denmark and New Zealand were the least corrupt.
Check out the map below to see how countries range from very corrupt (dark shades of red) to less corrupt (yellow).
More:

RBI asks banks to ease m-banking registrationRBI asks banks to ease m-banking registration to expand reach
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 20:34 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday asked banks to make registration process for mobile banking services easy and activate services at the earliest to expand the reach of mobile banking in the country.
Releasing the operative guidelines for mobile banking transactions, RBI said there is a slow pick-up of mobile banking services despite the high mobile density in the country and banks should strive to provide options for easy registration for mobile banking services to their customers.
"The time taken between registration of customers for mobile banking services and activation of the service should also be minimal," the central bank said.
RBI said banks may quicken mobile pin (MPIN) generation process by giving customers option to change MPIN at ATMs , using MPIN mailers (like PIN mailers for cards) or they may also develop a common website as an industry initiative.
The apex bank said there is a need for a greater degree of standardisation for getting customers on-board for such services for new customers as well as existing account holders whose mobile numbers are available but are not registered for mobile banking.
"Banks are also advised to undertake customer education and awareness programme in multiple languages through different channels of communication to popularise their process of mobile banking registration/activation and its usage," RBI added.
The Reserve Bank said banks can also use their Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system and phone-banking channels, mails, SMS, website, kiosks, social media to promote and facilitate registration and activation of customers for mobile banking.
"Through ATM channel, an alert/message can be given (at the ATM itself) by banks when the customer transacts at the ATM, that she/he has not registered any mobile number with the bank," the central bank added.

When youre feeling down  watch John Wall shimmyBy Scott Allen December 4 Follow @ScottSAllen
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
With 11 seconds left in the fourth quarter Wednesday, John Wall put an exclamation point and a smiley emoticon on the Wizards’ 111-95 win over the Lakers at Verizon Center.
Dribbling at the top of the key, Wall pulled up over Kobe Bryant, who was whistled for a foul. Wall’s three-point attempt banked off the backboard, rolled around the rim and then banked off the backboard again before falling through the net. As the Lakers hung their heads in disbelief, Wall, who fell to the floor after the shot, sat up, grinned and started…shimmying. Or is that a wiggle?
Whatever it was, the Lakers fan in the Bryant jersey under the basket was not impressed.
“We’re glad that our fans stood with us, and came up and got loud when we made our run and got into it,” said Wall , who sank the ensuing free throw as fans chanted M-V-P.
“[Bradley] Beal (27 points) was terrific, as was John Wall,” Bryant said . “They’re both phenomenal young players.”
Anyway, I can’t stop watching this.
Thanks to @UKhanNBA and @zimsfaces for the Vines. Bullets Forever has GIFs .
 
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

The poor used to have the most opportunity in America. Now the rich do.By Matt O'Brien December 4 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Source: Milanovic and van der Weide
Once upon a time, prosperity was so broadly shared that the bottom actually grew faster than the top. It was called "the 1960s."
You can see what this looked like in the chart above, taken from data in this paper by Roy van der Weide and Branko Milanovic. It shows how much the bottom 10 and top 1 percent grew, adjusted for inflation, in both the 1960s, 1990s and 2000s. It seems almost impossible now, but the income of the poorest households -- the bottom 10 percent of them -- grew the fastest in JFK-era America, with the top 1 percent a little bit behind.
But since then, the economy has undergone a fundamental shift. Globalization has forced the working class to compete with cheap labor overseas. And technology has turned what used to be good-paying jobs into redundant ones — while letting superstars reach more people and earn more money. But most disheartening is that, more often than not, policy has made all this worse. Whether it's tax cuts for the rich, financial deregulation, or deunionization, the government has heaped the most help on the only people who are still doing well.
The result, as you can see in a little more detail below, is a world where income growth has collapsed for the bottom 80 percent, but reached new highs for the top 1 percent. And the 1990s, remember, were the good times for the middle class. Unemployment was as low as it's been in living memory, wage growth was, relatively-speaking, high, and the stock market was making everyone feel rich.
Source: MIlanovic and van der Weide
In the 2000s, wage growth was negative for a lot of people. The 1 percent slid a bit because of massive stock market losses in the 2008 financial crisis, but if the data were updated through 2014, they'd surely be booming again. The top 1 percent, after all, have gobbled up 95 percent of the recovery.
This is the economic problem that's become a political one for both parties.
Republican reformers have finally stopped assuming that growth will trickle down, because it hasn't, and started talking about wage subsidies instead. But the problem, as Jonathan Chait points out, is that Republicans only seem to support low-income tax credits in theory when they don't actually cost any money. Paul Ryan, for example, said he supports expanding the earned-income tax credit for childless workers, but at the same time wants to  let the already-expanded EITC expire  for married couples and families with three or more kids*. Democrats, meanwhile, have some pieces of what could be a middle-class agenda — taxing the rich to spend on the rest, raising the minimum wage, and universal pre-K — but it's tilted more towards the bottom than, say, someone making $50,000.
Policymakers, in other words, have to figure out how to turn economic growth into wage growth for the bottom 90 percent. Otherwise the American Dream will just turn into another fairy tale.
*Correction: This post has been updated to make clear that Ryan still supports expanding the EITC for childless workers, but does not support continuing the expanded EITC for married couples or big families.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

Technological unemploymentShyamal Majumdar: Technological unemployment
Shyamal Majumdar | Mumbai Dec 04, 2014 09:48 PM IST
At an informal meeting of some wise men of Mumbai's financial world, the conversation focused on the rapid automation of more and more work once done by humans and whether it will lead to "technological unemployment" - a phrase coined by John Maynard Keynes, who in 1930 had talked about a "new disease", which is the inability of the economy to create new jobs faster than jobs are lost to automation.
One of the participants in the informal meeting gave some food for thought for the new government - after jobless growth and jobless mini-recession, will it be a case of jobless recovery? Going by the drift of the conversation, it was apparent no one knew the answer to that question.
In a strange way, I was reminded of what economist Gregory Clark had said in his book A Farewell to Alms: "There was a type of employee at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution whose job and livelihood largely vanished in the early 20th century. This was the horse".
The population of working horses actually peaked in England long after the Industrial Revolution. In 1901, 3.25 million were at work. Though they had been replaced by rail for long-distance haulage and by steam engines for driving machinery, they still had a lot of work such as toiling in the pits, hauling wagons and carriages for short distances and carrying armies into battles.
But, Clark said, "the arrival of the internal combustion engine in the late 19th century rapidly displaced these workers, so that by 1924 there were fewer than two million. There was always a wage at which all these horses could have remained employed. But that wage was so low that it did not pay for their feed".
Are humans, except for the superstar types, far behind? Technological change over the last generation has wiped out many low- and middle-skill jobs. Just think about the big army of secretaries, typists, telephone and computer operators and payroll clerks who occupied vast office space in earlier years? There are examples galore. I remember how in the early nineties, just one machine imported from Germany took away 300 jobs of people who were engaged in folding newspapers in a media organisation. The machine could do the same job in one-fourth of the time. Most of the staff who lost their jobs silently walked into the sunset. That's a classic example of how those who are left unemployed or underemployed are struggling to retrain and catch up with the new economy's needs.
If this was the past, consider the future, and here the news isn't too good for even some of the most skilled jobs. Though spoken in a different context, McKinsey Inc CEO Dominic Barton told The Economic Times last week, "If you are a heart surgeon in the US today, you better be worried about driverless cars because most of the heart transplants come from car accidents and car accidents are going to drop dramatically with driverless cars".
If heart surgeons have reasons to feel worried about driverless cars, imagine the plight of truck and taxi drivers when computers start driving more safely than humans. And it's not a remote possibility. In April 2014, the Google team working on the project announced that their driverless vehicles have now logged nearly 1.1 million km.
If you find all this talk about machines taking away jobs a little outdated, you could do what one of the participants in the informal meeting suggested - read a 75-page e-book, Race Against the Machine, by Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee. The authors have brought together a range of statistics and examples to show how technological progress has deep consequences for skills, wages and jobs. Faster, cheaper computers and increasingly clever software are giving machines capabilities that were once thought to be distinctively human - like understanding speech, translating from one language to another and recognising patterns. So automation is rapidly moving beyond factories to areas that provide most jobs in the economy.
The e-book makes the case that employment prospects are grim for many today, as humans and our organisations aren't keeping up with the pace of technology. Is it time to re-imagine the Skill India mission?

SpiceJet Slumps 9% on Buzz of Withdrawal of Credit FacilitiesYou are here: Home Market
SpiceJet Shares Hit Air Pocket, Sink 14%
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 18:03 (IST)
SpiceJet shares fell over 15 per cent to Rs 16.75 on Friday on report that Airports Authority of India (AAI) has withdrawn credit facilities extended to the airline over nonpayment of dues.
SpiceJet chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor, however, denied the report on micro-blogging site Twitter.
Setting the record straight: SpiceJet is NOT on cash-and-carry with the AAI. News reports on this today are wrong. @flyspicejet
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 5, 2014
 
Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet
 
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 5, 2014
The denial had little impact on investor sentiments though. SpiceJet is struggling to raise funds after reporting losses for the fifth straight quarter.
The low-cost carrier had a total debt of Rs 1,507 crore as of September 30, 2014. Besides, the airline auditors in their recent report have also cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run it as a "going concern".
SpiceJet shares had gained over last few days as billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala had bought 1.4 per cent stake in the company. Falling crude oil prices also helped the stock. However, the positive sentiment from these events seems to be dying fast, traders say.
Shares in SpiceJet ended 13.78 per cent lower at Rs 15.95 apiece, underperforming the broader Nifty which closed 0.30 per cent lower.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 18:03 (IST)

hitting its foreign aid commitments this year and nextDavid Cameron’s foreign aid pledge to cost extra £1bn
Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d217e3e4-7bc8-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

concludes that a debt time bomb awaits usGeorge Osborne’s deficit reduction plan requires unprecedented binge in personal borrowing
Official figures show Chancellor is counting on orgy of credit-card spending
Your friend's email address
Your email address
Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies
Email
The public will have to go on a £360bn borrowing binge to make George Osborne’s deficit reduction plans add up, an analysis by The Independent has found.
According to the small print in the latest report from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), the public is forecast to add to its pile of unsecured lending, which includes credit card debt and bank overdrafts, by £360bn over the next five years.
If the public fails to spend, then growth would collapse and the Government’s deficit would be likely to start increasing again.
The £360bn figure represents a £41bn increase on the OBR’s forecasts just nine months ago and would take households’ unsecured lending, as a share of total household incomes, to a record 55 per cent by 2020. That would be well above even the pre-financial crisis unsecured debt ratio of 44 per cent.
The revelation came as the head of the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) think-tank branded the spending cuts that Mr Osborne has pencilled in to take place in the 2015-20 parliament as “colossal” and suggested they could involve “a fundamental reimagining of the role of the state”.
However, the Chancellor defended his economic plans in a round of media interviews, attacking the BBC for what he called its “totally hyperbolic” coverage.
The household debt projections unearthed by The Independent reveal just how reliant the Chancellor’s economic plan is on households increasing their borrowing over the coming years.
In pictures: Chancellor George Osborne delivers his Autumn Statement
The projections are likely to prove embarrassing for the Government given the emphasis ministers have repeatedly placed on debt reduction.
In 2011, David Cameron was forced to rewrite his speech to the Tory party conference after an early draft showed the Prime Minister was about to urge households to pay off their credit card and store card bills. Today, economists warned of the implications of the OBR’s household borrowing projections.
“The idea that households are either willing or able to take on so much new debt at such a rapid pace is questionable at best and highlights significant imbalances in the shape of the economic recovery” said Matthew Whittaker, of the Resolution Foundation think-tank. “The apparent reliance of economic growth in the coming years on another surge in private debt should worry economists and politicians alike.”
The Chancellor defended his economic plans (PA)
Britons have been reducing the level of their unsecured debt relative to their incomes over the past six years and the ratio currently stands at 37 per cent. But the recent official figures from the Bank of England point to turnaround, with unsecured consumer credit growth rising at its fastest pace since July 2006.
The OBR’s figures also show a vast increase in household mortgage borrowing over the next half decade. This form of secured borrowing is set to rise by around £580bn between now and 2020. Combined, the new borrowing will take total household debt to £2.6 trillion by the end of the decade, up from £1.7trn today. That’s a total rise in borrowing of £935bn.
However, the OBR thinks total household incomes over this period will rise by only £266bn. This means the ratio of total household debt to household incomes will rise from 169 per cent to 184 per cent by the end of the decade – a new record high.
If the projected rise in household debt – both mortgage and credit card borrowing – materialises, it will also create a headache for the Bank of England, which is charged with safeguarding financial stability.
Economic research by the Bank and a host of other respected academics has shown that rapid rises in household debt, relative to household incomes, are potentially dangerous for economies as they often result in sudden cutbacks in spending by the public as people attempt to improve their financial balance sheets all at once.
It was just such a rapid cutback in spending by indebted households that contributed to the 2008-09 recession, which was the deepest on modern record. The UK economy only regained its pre-crisis level of output last year and average wages are still around 8 per cent below where they were in 2008 as a result. According to the Bank of England, Britons had £60bn of credit card debt in October, 5 per cent higher than a year earlier.
There has been rapid rises in household debt, relative to household incomes, according to research from the Bank of England (Getty Images)
A Treasury spokesman said: “We are adamant that we will not repeat the mistakes of the past, which is why we have created the independent Financial Policy Committee within the Bank of England, to ensure emerging risks and vulnerabilities across the financial system as a whole are identified, monitored and effectively addressed.”
The IFS said that, under Mr Osborne’s plan, the deficit reduction effort is less than 40 per cent complete. Paul Johnson, the organisation’s director, said the Conservatives’ plan to run a budget surplus in 2018-19 would mean £55bn more public spending cuts, following the £35bn that have been implemented to date.
Mr Osborne was accused by Labour of “bullying” the BBC after his criticism of its coverage about  the huge scale of the spending cuts needed to balance the nation’s books.
The Chancellor claimed the BBC was conjuring up images from George Orwell’s 1937 book The Road to Wigan Pier, which described the poverty and mass unemployment of working-class Northerners. But he was accused of “shooting the messenger” because the OBR said the cuts planned by the Tories would reduce public spending as a share of national income to levels not seen since the 1930s.
George Osborn was accused of “bullying” the BBC after his criticism of its coverage about the huge scale of the spending cuts needed (Getty Images)
Today, the Chancellor attacked an early-morning broadcast by Norman Smith, the BBC’s assistant political editor, who told Radio 4’s Today programme: “When you sit down and read the OBR report, it read, frankly, like a book of doom. It is utterly terrifying.
“It is suggesting that spending will have to be hacked back to the levels of the 1930s as a proportion of GDP. And that is an extraordinary concept. You’re back to the land of Road to Wigan Pier.”
Two hours later, Mr Osborne told the same programme: “That is just such nonsense and I would have thought the BBC would have learnt from the last few years that its totally hyperbolic coverage of spending cuts has not been matched by what’s actually happened… Has the world fallen in? No, it hasn’t.”
He insisted the cuts he set out were achievable, and that the IFS calculations did not include welfare savings. He cited his plan to reduce the cap a family can draw in benefits from the current £26,000 to £23,000 a year.
Downing Street aides insisted the Government did not mind tough questions about the cuts but said it was “ludicrous” to compare the conditions of the 1930s with today’s growing economy.
But a Labour source said: “This is an attempt to bully the BBC. It should not back down in the face of a George Osborne temper tantrum.”
Ed Balls responds to the Chancellor's Autumn Statement (BBC)
Ed Balls, the shadow Chancellor, said Labour would not commit to reducing the share of GDP going on public spending to 35 per cent by 2020, in line with the OBR’s forecast of Tory plans.
Mr Balls accepted that cuts would be needed after next May’s general election and said Labour would make “different choices” to clear the deficit “as soon as possible” before 2020. He accused Mr Osborne of promising £7.2bn of “fantasy tax cuts” and trying to “dupe the electorate.”
Mr Balls said the IFS report showed that the Chancellor’s sums do not add up.  He added: “The continuing squeeze on living standards is the reason why George Osborne has failed to get the revenues in to balance the books. As the IFS says tax receipts have been revised down by £25bn by 2018-19, largely because of weak wage growth.”
Nick Herbert, a former Tory minister, said the state should be scaled back even if there was no need to clear the deficit. “You can’t as a state go on living beyond your means.”

The government s capped the increaseRail tickets are about to go up again - by an average of 3.5% from January 2015.
That's 1% above inflation - and will apply to all regulated fares, including season tickets.
That is unless George Osborne decides to protect passengers by limiting fare rises to no more than inflation - as he did for 2014.
The actual pounds and pence price hikes won't be revealed until Christmas time.
Why do some fares go up by more than the average that is regulated by the government?
Rail companies are allowed a little wiggle room, called "flex", which currently lets them put some fares up by as much as RPI plus 2%, as long as it is balanced out with smaller rises, or even cuts elsewhere. So you may be facing an even bigger hike than the average rise announced.
Why are fares going up regardless of the service you're getting?
In a nutshell, the government wants passengers to pick up more of the bill for running the railways.
It all started in 2007 when a White Paper called 'Delivering a Sustainable Railway' effectively set a target to get about three-quarters of the money from fares and just a quarter from the taxpayer by 2014.
So that is why fares keep going up, and will keep going up for a while yet. The government also says it is paying for huge, multi-billion pound improvements across the network, from electrifying lines to brand new stations and trains.
If our fares are so high, why are record numbers of people using the trains?
Our regulated fares are some of the highest in Europe. But there are still lots of cheap deals out there if you can book well in advance and travel off-peak. Couple that with the cost of running a car, with pricey insurance and petrol, and the train becomes a more attractive proposition.
One senior rail executive told the BBC that, if you analyse it per person per mile, season tickets are by far the cheapest deal they offer. In fact, he said, they make a loss on them, and the fare rise goes to the government.
Higher fares are needed to pay for track improvements, says the government
Why do they use RPI and not CPI as a measure of inflation?
The Office for National Statistics has two inflation indexes - the Retail Prices Index (RPI) and Consumer Prices Index (CPI) - that measure the rising costs of goods and services in different ways.
One of the key differences between the two main indexes is that RPI includes housing costs such as mortgage interest payments and council tax, whereas CPI does not.
RPI is normally bigger than CPI, which obviously means fare rises are higher. Yet the government uses CPI for setting pension and benefit rises, for example, so the accusation is that they use CPI it when it is useful to have a smaller number; RPI when they want a bigger number.
"The use of RPI is consistent with the general indexation approach adopted across the rail industry," said a spokesman for the Department for Transport.
"The Office of Rail Regulation uses RPI as the index for Network Rail's revenues, eg Track Access Charges."
Is it the same across the UK?
No, basically.
The Scottish government says increases in regulated peak fares will be capped at RPI in January 2015. And regulated off-peak fares are frozen provided that RPI remains below 3.5% per annum.
The Welsh government has yet to decide what to do and in Northern Ireland there is no planned increase.
What would Labour do?
Labour said it would abolish the "flex" element of fare rises - which allows train operators to raise some regulated fares above the formula, providing it reduces others. But that would not necessarily stop above-inflation fare rises.
Will it ever end?
In its last command paper, the government promised to address "the concerns about rail fares and the impact they have on hard-pressed families - by ending inflation-busting increases in average regulated fares at the earliest opportunity".
That is the promise, although they cannot put a timescale on it.
More on This Story

Action Jackson review: This one is terribly  criminally badCast: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, Yami Gautam, Manasvi Mamgai and Anand Raj
Rating: 1.5/5
Yet another mindless action-comedy hits theatres on December 5. Prabhudheva's fifth directorial venture in Bollywood, Action Jackson has every ingredient his films have -- mindless story, gravity-defying action, cliched dialogues and funny-looking villains.
  
Three's company: Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha, and director Prabhu Deva enjoy some funtime at a promotional event for Action Jackson in Mumbai on October 27, 2014. (AFP Photo)
What's so funny, Sonakshi Sinha?
Ajay Devgn listens intently to a fan at a promotional event for Action Jackson in Mumbai on October 27, 2014. (AFP Photo)
Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha attend a promotional event for Action Jackson. (AFP Photo)
SPOILERS AHEAD
The film is about Vishi (Ajay Devgn) who is a small goon in his area but is good at heart (just like all of our heroes are). He loves beating up people to the tunes of music beats and mixes dancing with action sequences. Not weird enough? Add to that a girl Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha) who bumps into him in the changing room of a mall to see him naked. And this girl starts stalking him simply so she can see him naked again. Does that disgust you? You should wait till you know the reason -- Khushi is a clumsy girl who is believed to be unlucky and she thinks that seeing naked Ajay Devgn brings her good luck! Imagine more than fifteen minutes of a film with the heroine chasing the hero around so she can see him naked and get lucky enough to marry a guy from the US, America as she dreamily says! 
So we see Vishi being chased by everyone around -- right from the local cops to well suited-booted goons and even a don sitting in Bangkok (Xavier played by Anand Raj)! Of course we don't know the reason, not at least for more than an hour into the film. It is then revealed that Vishi resembles an extremely skilled criminal Jai aka AJ. Ohk, then. So lives of the two Ajay Devgns clash and drama begins. How the duo win over the ever-scheming, superbly cunning villains is the story of Action Jackson. 
The story of Action Jackson has little new to offer except, maybe for the vamp. Manasvi Mamgai plays Xavier's sister who is crazily in love with AJ - Devgn. And she literally is CRAZY. Even her first shot in the movie, we see a girl surrounded by tens of goons in a den. The girl is beaten rashly and is tied to a chair as one of the men letches and advances towards her. Right then, Devgn makes his entry and Manasvi doesn't even take a minute to change from the girl cringing under the men's advances to a woman drooling over AJ's body! Dear Manasvi, you were good as the model. Even later in the movie, she is seen as a fierce woman who cannot handle the rejection of a man. 
The background music in Action Jackson seems to have been lifted straight from Sony's hit horror show Aahat. But every time she comes onscreen, the movie changes its genre from an action-comedy to horror. She always has her hair weirdly done all over her face and there is a certain dark tint to the frame whenever she is onscreen! 
Watch Action Jackson review
Kunal Roy Kapur makes for an interesting comic relief in the movie that can otherwise easily be categorised as a nonsensical film. Roy does not explore any new thing and continues to harp on his image of a fat boy but he does it well. Playing the literal punching bag of Ajay Devgn as his close friend, Kunal manages to bring tickle the funny bones of the audience. 
With Action Jackson, Ajay Devgn seems to have had a blast. We haven't seen him enjoy as much onscreen as he does in the film that also stars Sonakshi Sinha. Be it making fun of Sinha or aping Prabhudheva's dance steps or mouthing cliched dialogues, Ajay seems to be having the fun of his life doing it all. And that is what lessens the pain of watching a mindless film as Action Jackson. 
The screenplay has its own glitches -- often one of the main characters disappears from the narrative and we are not even told later what happened with him/her in the meanwhile.
To put it briefly, watch Action Jackson if you are a Prabhudheva or Ajay Devgn fan, because otherwise there isn't a single dialogue you haven't heard and this is one of the films where they say 'Do not take your brains to the theatres'.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

60 patients lose vision after operation at eye camp in PunjabUpdated: December 6, 2014 00:09 IST
Doctor held, NGO booked for botched eye surgery
Gaurav Vivek Bhatnagar
Tweet
The Hindu
Villagers who lost their vision after undergoing cataract surgery at an eye camp in Gurdaspur, seen at a government hospital in Amritsar on Friday. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
The Hindu
The Cataract surgery conducted in an eye camp in Gurdaspur district was performed under “severe unhygienic condition” whereupon eyes of all the 60 patients were found damaged permanently. (Photo for representative purpose only. )
A day after 60 people lost their eyesight after botched cataract surgeries came to light, the Punjab government swung into action. The police have arrested the doctor, who allegedly performed the surgeries and a case has been registered against a private hospital and a Mathura-based NGO. Authorities have also detained Manjit Singh who organised the camp.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal directed Principal Secretary Health to conduct a probe into the incident. The State government has also announced a compensation of Rs. 1 lakh for the victims and ordered that such camps will need mandatory approval from Deputy Commissioner and Civil Surgeon.
Nearly 60 people, most of them from economically weaker sections, who turned up at a free cataract surgery camp organised by the Guru Nanak Foundation at Ghuman village in Gurdaspur lost their vision as the procedures were conducted under unhygienic conditions. On Friday Punjab Health Minister Surjit Kumar Jayani urged Union Health Minister J.P. Nadda to admit patients in government-run institutes. The Union Health Ministry is also flying in teams of specialists from the Dr. R.P Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS and PGI, Chandigarh.
Government officials said a majority of the victims were from Gurdaspur and 16 were from Amritsar. Those admitted in the ENT Hospital in Amritsar were also confirmed to have permanently lost their eyesight. Deputy Commissioner of Amritsar Ravi Bhagat said that a high-level enquiry has been initiated to identify the doctors who performed the procedures.
The matter came to light when Kisan Sangharsh Samiti and 16 patients from Amritsar approached the Deputy Commissioner to file complaints. The victims were referred to the Government Medical College and Hospital in Amritsar, where tests revealed that they had all suffered irreparable eye damage due to eye infection.

falling oil prices have now created a 20bn holeYour Post Has Been Launched!
Fabulous! Don't forget to share with your friends on Twitter and Facebook.
Scotland’s Oil Revenue Might Be £20 Billion Less Than The SNP Said It Would Be
That’s roughly two annual Scottish health budgets.
Jamie Ross BuzzFeed News Reporter posted
about a week ago
View this image ›
Pool / Reuters
There’s a difference of £20 billion between the oil revenues the Scottish government based its case for independence on and the amount which could actually be raised, according to figures released on Wednesday.
Figures from the Office of Budget Responsibility, the independent budget watchdog, predict oil revenue will reach just £13.1 billion from now until 2019, which is £21.2 billion short of the Scottish government’s projections before September’s independence referendum.
The Scottish government made its economic case for independence based on a projection that oil prices would remain at around $113 a barrel, and bring in a revenue of £34.3 billion before the end of the financial year in 2019.
However, oil prices recently dropped from over $100 a barrel to less than $70, and the OBR believe they won’t recover much by 2019.
The downturn in oil prices has forced the OBR to revise its oil revenue projections, which suggest the figures which the Scottish government used in its blueprint for independence, Scotland’s Future, were too optimistic.
Oil revenues play a significant part in the case that Scotland would be better off under independence, but the volatility of oil prices make it an unpredictable source of income.
The Scottish government’s pre-referendum economic plans, outlined in this paper from May , were based on its Scenario 4, which would see oil prices remaining at around $110 a barrel for the foreseeable future.

Amal stock hits 20% lower circuit...board approves merger with AtulThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Interesting - @BuzzFeedUK on a hiring spreeBuzzFeed UK appoints new senior writer
UK editor Luke Lewis says he's focusing on developing BuzzFeed's news coverage in the new year
Posted: 4 December 2014 By: Catalina Albeanu
Comments
Credit: Image from BuzzFeed
BuzzFeed UK is continuing to expand its editorial team with the announcement that Tom Chivers , currently assistant comment editor at The Telegraph, will join the outlet as a senior writer in January.
The appointment comes as UK editor Luke Lewis plans to focus on developing the news side of BuzzFeed UK over the next year.
"Up until now, we've hired general reporters, now we want to build a beat structure," Lewis told Journalism.co.uk.
"We want to hire an LGBT editor, [and] we're thinking about other beats such as economics, housing."
BuzzFeed has more than doubled its UK audience in the past year, now reporting 20 million unique visitors, up from 8 million at the end of last year, said Lewis.
Chivers, who will be covering current affairs, science and "ideas", joins newly appointed Emily Ashton , who is leaving The Sun to take on the role of BuzzFeed political correspondent in January.
BuzzFeed has also recently hired Robert Colvile , formerly of the Telegraph, as UK News Director.
Lewis also plans to build an investigative journalism team in the UK, which he said is "very close to becoming a reality".
In the US, the oultet already has a growing investigations team headed by ex-ProPublica senior editor Mark Schoofs .
"We want to bring some of that culture over here," Lewis explained, adding that the first step is to hire a head of investigations, who will then build a team based in London.
"Where we see the future of BuzzFeed really is in these very ambitious and aggressive investigations," he said.
Another area Lewis is looking at potentially expanding in the next year is BuzzFeed UK's regional coverage, with potential to hire regional editors at some point, although nothing is yet confirmed.
He said stories with a "regional identity" have been "absolutely huge" for BuzzFeed UK as they are "inherently shareable".
A 'new formats' team headed by Tom Phillips was announced in October, created with a view to build new tools for presenting stories as well as further developing existing ones.
Lewis said "enhancing" the outlet's coverage of the UK general election in May 2015 is an "open goal" where these new tools might come into play.
"There's so many ways to tell that story and I think there's certainly an opportunity to do something innovative and different," he said.
BuzzFeed's deputy editor Jim Waterson and editorial director Tom Phillips will be at Journalism.co.uk's news:rewired   conference in February, speaking about new approaches to election coverage and visual storytelling respectively. Don't miss out on tickets!
Tags: Click tag to find related articles; click icon for feed
buzzfeed feed
Free daily newsletter
If you like our news and feature articles, you can sign up to receive our free daily (Mon-Fri) email newsletter (mobile friendly).
Related articles

I touched her and she turned gay: LGBT community answers frequently asked stupidquestionsWritten by Parmita Uniyal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 5:49 pm
Thanks to certain babas, some controversial political outfits and of course the notorious section 377, Being Gay is not an easy thing in India. So when the SORTEDD team (Youtube channel) decided to head to the gay parade in New Delhi, they thought of posing some FASQs (Frequently asked stupid questions) to the LGBT community. And their replies are nothing short of classic.
Here’s listing some questions (FASQs) and their responses.
Q: HOW DO YOU BECOME GAY?
A: I ate something really wrong, and the next morning, I was puking rainbows
That’s because of Lady Gaga, you hear the song and you turn gay
Allergic reaction to spirituality. When you see Baba Ramdev, you want to be gay.
Q: IS BEING GAY CONTAGIOUS?
A: Sure sure, I touch her and she turns gay
Are you gay? (to the person who’s asking this question) You will be by the end of it
Growing up and watching gay people made me gay
Yeah, if I cough on you, you should go to the doctor immediately
I think it’s the infection worth giving
Q: DO YOU WATCH GAY PORN?
A: Saas bahu serials and watching Baba Ramdev is our porn
Q: WHY DON’T YOU JUST BECOME UN-GAY?
There is a whole process, first you have to go, take a bathe in Ganga and purify yourself
You have to go to Baba Ramdev’s rehabilitation camp
Watch the video here:

EXODUS: Gods and Kings review: It has a few shades ofgreyWritten by Shalini Langer | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:45 pm
Movie Review: EXODUS: Gods and Kings
Star Cast: Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul, Sigourney Weaver, Ben Kingsley, Isaac Andrews
Director: Ridley Scott
“FROM the economic standpoint alone”, that wouldn’t be feasible. This is Ramses II (Joel Edgerton) telling Moses (Christian Bale) why he can’t set the Hebrew slaves free. If that sounds unlikely coming out of a Pharaoh’s mouth circa 1300 BCE, you are not alone. Ridley Scott’s Exodus is as epic in scale as the director likes them, with horses, swords and men in togas. He gets to stage several battles, rain down impressive plagues and even raise a wall of water — though unfortunately in the wake of Interstellar’s own spectacular version of it. However, none of this covers the fact that Exodus has nothing to say.
Unlike the equally ambitious Noah of earlier this year, which interpreted that story as an eternal conflict to keep one’s faith, Exodus has few shades of grey. Ironically, its only mercurial creature may be its God, portrayed as a petulant and spookily smiling child by Andrews, who isn’t averse to cruelty in the cause of larger good.
In the beginning, the film is more promising, when Pharaoh Seti is having doubts over his son Ramses as successor, and makes his affections towards adopted son Moses known. Scott has drawn much criticism for casting only White actors in the main roles, and no choice is stranger than that of quintessential Italian John Turturro for Seti. Considering Seti doesn’t have much of a role, wonder what Scott was trying to achieve with that, unless it’s to give Turturro a kick with the heavy kohl eyes.
Ramses is very fond of Moses, but can’t hide his resentment or jealousy towards him.
Moses discovers his real origins by chance during a trip to the city of Pithom. He doesn’t want to believe that he is actually a slave boy himself, and the film doesn’t bother establishing any real connection between him and the Hebrews. Unlike in Cecil B DeMille’s The Ten Commandments, if Moses’s heart bleeds for the slaves, he doesn’t show it.
But after Ramses has discovered Moses’s true identity, he doesn’t waste time sending him on exile. From then on, the film runs along pretty linear lines. Some scenes stand out, such as when Moses finds God for the first time atop a mountain, when hit by stones, buried under a mudslide up to his face, and alongside the burning bush. The plagues are impressive, particularly the Nile turning red, and Ramses’s growing frustration interesting. However, surprisingly for a film woven more around actual clashes than that of ideas, Scott doesn’t manage to render Exodus any truly spectacular ones.
When two characters do sit down to talk about God, they move away from the subject fairly quickly before stepping onto any real minefields. Breaking Bad’s Paul continued…

appears to have revealedGo to permalink
It's been a rough week for Sony execs ( million-dollar salaries notwithstanding ). And things are only going to get worse . Which would almost be enough to make you feel bad for the poor schmucks in ITâ€”that is, until you realize that they hid their most sensitive password data under the label "Passwords." Go ahead and slam your head against something hard. We'll wait.
The second trove of data snuck out sometime yesterday, and it didn't take long for Buzzfeed to stumble upon the Facebook, MySpace (an ancient form of Facebook), YouTube, and Twitter "usernames and passwords for major motion picture social accounts." Likely due to the fact that they were saved in a huge file called "Password." Which contained even more passwords called things like "Facebook login password." So they would know that that was the password. Because who needs encryption or security or common sense or even the vaguest attempt at grade-school level online safety.
Yep, "Password" should do just fine. Maybe stick a "1" on the end. That'll throw 'em off.
Of course and unfortunately, it shouldn't really be a surprise that humans are lazy and unimaginative and just generally the worst when it comes to protecting our precious online data. And yetâ€”goddammit, Sony IT. You had one job. [ Fusion , Buzzfeed ]

The shareholders of oil majors such as Exxon  ChevronHere’s why oil companies should be a lot more profitable than they are
By Anatole Kaletsky
gasoline prices | oil prices | russia | Saudi Arabia | shale
The 40 percent plunge in oil prices since July, when Brent crude peaked at $115 a barrel, is almost certainly good news for the world economy; but it is surely a crippling blow for oil producers. Oil prices below $70 certainly spell trouble for U.S. and Canadian shale and tar-sand producers and also for oil-exporting countries such as Venezuela, Nigeria, Mexico and Russia that depend on inflated oil revenues to finance government spending or pay foreign debts. On the other hand, the implications of lower oil prices for the biggest U.S. and European oil companies are more ambiguous and could even be positive.
In fact, the shareholders of oil majors such as Exxon, Chevron, Shell, BP and Total could be among the biggest beneficiaries of the price slump, if it forces their corporate managements to abandon some of the bad habits they acquired in the 40-year oil boom when OPEC first established itself as an effective cartel in January, 1974. If this period of cartelized monopoly pricing is now ending, as Saudi Arabia has strongly hinted in the past few weeks, then it is time to re-focus on some basic principles of resource economics that Big Oil managements have ignored for decades, to their shareholders’ enormous cost.
The most important of these principles is “diminishing returns”: The more oil that corporate geologists discover, the lower the returns their shareholders can hope to achieve, because new reserves will almost invariably be more expensive to develop than the ones discovered earlier that were, almost by definition, more accessible. This inherent flaw in the oil companies’ business model was disguised for the past 40 years by the fact that oil prices rose even faster than the costs of exploration and production. But this is where a second economic principle now starts to bite.
Unless a market is totally dominated by monopoly power, prices will be set by the most efficient supplier’s marginal costs of production – in layman’s terms, by the cost of producing an extra barrel from oil reserves that have already been discovered and developed. In a fully competitive market, the enormous sums of money invested in exploring for new oil fields could not be recovered until all lower-cost reserves ran dry and there would be no point in exploring for anywhere outside the Middle Eastern and central Asian oilfields where the oil is easiest to pump.
That is, of course, an over-simplification. In the real world of geopolitical conflicts and transport and infrastructure bottlenecks, consumers want energy security and will pay premium prices for supplies from their own oil-fields or from those that belong to trusted allies. Nevertheless, the broad principle applies: The vast sums spent on exploring and developing new reserves with production costs much higher than in Middle East oilfields will never be recovered if the oil market becomes even vaguely competitive.
Considering that Western companies spend about $450 billion annually on exploration and development according to the Ernst & Young  oil reserves study , this could be one of the worst capital misallocations in history. The fact is that Western producers can never match the costs of oil pumped by Saudi Aramco, or even Rosneft or other state-owned companies with exclusive access to the world’s most accessible reserves. While Exxon or BP must spend billions drilling through Arctic ice-caps or exploring 5 miles under the Gulf of Mexico, the Saudis can pump oil from their deserts with machines not much more expensive than old-fashioned “nodding donkeys.”
In a competitive market the rational strategy for Western oil companies would be stop all exploration, while continuing to provide technology, geology and other profitable oilfield services to the nationalised owners of readily-accessible reserves. The vast amounts of cash generated by selling oil from existing low-cost reserves already developed could then be distributed to shareholders until these low-cost oilfields ran dry. This strategy of self-liquidation could be described euphemistically as “running the business for cash” in the same way as tobacco companies or closed insurance funds.
There are two reasons why this hasn’t happened thus far. Firstly, OPEC has sheltered Western oil companies from diminishing returns and marginal-cost pricing by keeping prices artificially high through output restraint and limited expansion of cheap Middle Eastern oilfields (strictures reinforced by wars and sanctions in Iraq and Iran). Secondly, oil company managements have believed with quasi-religious fervour in perpetually rising oil demand. Therefore finding new reserves seemed more important than maximising cash distributions to shareholders.
The second assumption could soon be overturned, as suggested by rumours of a takeover bid for BP. If private equity investors could raise the $160 billion needed to buy BP, they could liquidate for cash a company whose proven reserves of  10.05 billion barrels  would be worth $350 billion even after another 50 percent price decline.
But what of the first condition? The Saudis would surely want to stabilize prices at some point by limiting production, but the target prices may now be considerably lower than previously assumed. The Saudis seem to have realised that by ceding market share to other producers they risk allowing much of their oil to become a worthless “stranded asset” that can never be sold or burnt. With the global atmosphere approaching its carbon limits and technological progress gradually reducing the price of non-fossil fuels, the Bank of England  warned  this week that some of the world’s oil reserves could become “stranded assets,” with no market value despite the huge sums sunk into the ground by oil companies, their shareholders and banks.
The Saudis are well aware of this risk. Back in the 1970s, Sheikh Zaki Yamani, the wily Saudi oil minister used to warn his compatriots not to rely forever on selling oil: “The stone age didn’t end because the cave-men ran out of stones.” Maybe the end of the “oil age” is now approaching, and the Saudis have understood this better than Western oil-men.
PHOTO: Shaybah oilfield complex is seen at night in the Rub’ al-Khali desert, Saudi Arabia, November 14, 2007. REUTERS/ Ali Jarekji
« Previous Post

NASA Launches New Orion Spacecraft and New EraIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Meet on solar energy application in food processing techMeet on solar energy application in food processing tech
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 5:  
The Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI) will organise a meet on the challenges and prospects of food processing technologies based on solar energy on December 16.
The meet will discuss action plan for food processing sector in the new States of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
Besides throwing light on application of solar energy in food processing technologies, the meet would include a session on Entrepreneurship Development Programmes in solar food processing, a FAPCCI executive said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Czech Republic confident of bagging major defence deals with IndiaCzech Republic confident of bagging major defence deals with India
Pratim Ranjan Bose
Also, keen to attract more Indian investment in pharmaceutical and IT sectors in Czech Republic
Kolkata. December 4:  
Czech Republic is hopeful to strike a major defence deal with India “running into billions of dollars,” according to Miloslav Stasek, Czech ambassador to Delhi.
“Don’t ask me in which area. Our companies participated in the tender. But I am expecting the good news any time,” he told Business Line in an interview on the side lines of International Mining and Machinery Exhibition (IMME) in Kolkata, on Thursday.
The former Russian block country is a leading player in nuclear biological chemical NBC) in NATO. It also trains foreign experts in using such weapons. A member of EU, Czech Republic is also a major producer of small arms, automatic machine guns, ammunitions and radars.
Railways
Stasek is also bullish about Czech companies playing a role in modernising Indian Railways and developing metro rail network in India.
The Czech national passenger operator, CD, and supply industry association ACRI entered a three-year pact with the Rail ministry for technical co-operation in August. CD is credited with running one of the most dense rail networks in Europe.
Potential areas of co-operation include the development of automotive traffic, raising the speeds of Indian passenger trains to 200 km/h, and modernisation of stations, depots, rolling stock, signalling and telecoms.
“We are now approaching the Rail Board and the Rail ministry to identify the core areas of cooperation,” the ambassador said.
Energy ties
One of the largest exporter of electricity (along with France) in Europe; the country is keen to enhance its energy ties with India. The focus is on sale of coal mining gears and civil nuclear energy technology. Coal is the single largest energy source in Czech Republic contributing over over 50 per cent of electricity. Nuclear stands second at 34 per cent.
Eleven out of 14 Czech mining gear companies entered India in 2010. Some of them already won contracts from Coal India.
Meanwhile, Stasek is keen to attract more Indian investment in pharmaceutical and IT sectors in Czech Republic.
“In the last two years we have started receiving investments from Indian pharma companies. We are expecting the trend to strengthen,” he said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

No water in Maldives capital  government seekshelpPrint
Maldivian security personnel load a water tank onto a military vehicle to fill it with treated water in Male', Maldives, Friday, Dec. 5, 2014. Water was cut off to more than 100,000 residents in the Maldives' capital because of a fire in the city's water treatment plant, and the government has declared a crisis situation, a government minister said. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Sri Lanka |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:05 pm
Water was cut off to more than 100,000 residents in the Maldives’ capital because of a fire in the city’s water treatment plant, a minister said Friday.
Government Minister Mohamed Shareef said the government has declared a crisis situation and appealed to India, Sri Lanka and China and the United States for help.
The capital is located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean that has no natural water source and depends entirely on treated sea water.
The government provided bottled drinking water free of charge but the people struggled without enough water for washing.
Rajeev Shahare, India’s envoy to the archipelago nation said water will be brought in large planes in five flights Friday and an offshore patrol vessel in the ocean with a water treating facility has been diverted to the Maldives.
Shareef said it may take days to resume operations in the treatment plant because destroyed parts need to be brought in from abroad.
Hospitals in the capital and the country’s famous tourist resort islands have their own water facilities.

Sanskrit to remain third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas but no exam in current session:SCWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 1:25 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:13 pm
Kendriya Vidyalaya students will not have to appear for Sanskrit examination in the current academic session, the government told the Supreme Court on Friday. The court said it as a “good solution” to put an end to the controversy triggered over the decision to immediately replace German with Sanskrit as the third language in Kendriya Vidyalaya schools.
Sticking to its stand on introduction of Sanskrit in KVs from this session and not deferring it in accordance with the court’s suggestion last week, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that the government has taken note of the concerns expressed by the court.
“In order to make sure no stress is caused to the students due to introduction of Sanskrit mid-session, the government has decided to dispense with the exam for Sanskrit this year. There will be no exam and hence no question of stress arises,” the AG told a bench of Justices Anil R Dave and Kurian Jospeph.
In the court, Rohatgi handed over a letter by the HRD Ministry, which stated: “In view of the concern of the Hon’ble Court, and to ensure that no stress is caused to the students, there will be no examinations in this academic session for those students studying Sanskrit or any other Modern Indian Language as the Third Language now, in place of German as the Third Language, for the remaining part of the current academic year.”
He said that the government has found a “way out” and claimed that the entire Parliament had supported their decision to replace German during a recent debate on the issue in the House.
When asked what happens to students who wanted to continue studying German, the AG told the bench that the foreign language could be studied as an additional language by option. “Students can study Sanskrit and German but German will not be considered the Third Language,” the AG maintained.
“We think it is a good solution. What can be a problem if there is no exam and those students studying German will also be allowed to continue learning it? If our children learn Sanskrit without any stress and they are also allowed to continue German, we don’t see a problem at all,” observed the bench.
Justice Dave expressed his fondness for Sanskrit, saying. “I cannot say it about anyone else but I love Sanskrit. I would happily agree if if my child studies Sanskrit in addition to German. If students study Sanskrit, I feel their future will be brighter.”
The bench, however, also asked Rohatgi to clarify the government’s stand over teaching any other Modern Language besides Sanskrit in KVs and whether there will be exam for German in this session for students who have chosen to continue studying it.
The lawyer appearing for the parents of the affected students conveyed her apprehensions regarding the proposed solution and sought time to consult parents before making any statement. The court allowed her plea and adjourned the matter to Monday.
The government was last week compelled to revisit its decision to immediately replace German with Sanskrit as the continued…

Kareena Kapoor Khan to endorse campaign for childrens benefitBy: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:55 pm
Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor has been roped in to support Child-Friendly Schools and Systems (CFSS) campaign.
It is a joint initiative by DTH provider Tata Sky and Unicef, and Kareena, also the Unicef India celebrity advocate, will support the communication campaign for the initiative including promotional films, mailers and social media.
“I recently visited quite a few schools with UNICEF to see child-friendly schools and to meet some of the girls and boys who are benefiting from these programmes. I was inspired to see spaces which are child-friendly,” she said.
“These are places where children are full of joy when they interact with teachers, where children feel safe and secure and where interactive and creative tools are used to ensure that children are happy and learning,” the 34-year-old said in a statement.
Supporting the Unicef cause, Tata Sky will offer its platform to raise funds from subscribers facilitating the CFSS package.
“This initiative is an enabler as it leverages the wide outreach of Tata Sky in remote parts of the country and raises mass awareness on the need for quality education and inclusive learning,” said Louis Georges Arsenault, representative, Unicef India.

South Africas Zuma calls China an anti-colonialforceBy: Agence-France Presse | Beijing |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:48 pm
South African President Jacob Zuma today said that China’s growing influence in Africa would allow the continent to free itself from “colonial shackles” as he wound up a visit to Beijing.
Zuma’s government has denied the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama several visas in recent years and maintains a strongly pro-China foreign policy, while Beijing has expanded its footprint to become the biggest trading partner of South Africa and the African continent.
“The emergence of China as a power among others gives or offers an opportunity to African countries to be able to free themselves from the shackles that are really colonially designed,” Zuma told an audience of students at Tsinghua University in Beijing.
Zuma, whose African National Congress (ANC) led the struggle against apartheid, added that in African countries’ relations with “Europe in particular, you are regarded as either a former subject or a second and third class kind of a person”.
But “the relationship between China and African countries, particularly South Africa, is different”, he said.
“We relate as brothers and sisters to do business together, not because one is a poor cousin.”
The ANC leader was in Beijing on an official visit — on the anniversary of Nelson Mandela’s death — during which he has been hailed by China’s President Xi Jinping as a “good friend”.
Chinese demand for raw materials has seen trade with Africa boom, and many in the continent see Beijing as a helpful counterbalance to the West, but the relationship has also stoked fears of neo-colonialism.
Beijing has also come under fire for dealing with regimes with little regard for their human rights records.

With a bullet: $2 gas  the Beastie Boys  giantStarbucks will start selling beer and wine in a bid to get customers to linger longer in the evening.
A federal judge on Thursday refused to throw out Beastie Boys’ $1.7 million verdict against Monster Beverage over the company’s use of the group’s music in a promotional video without permission.
The U.S. Marshals Service is auctioning off 50,000 bitcoins seized in the prosecution against the internet black market bazaar Silk Road.
Smith & Wesson reports that rifle sales are down 50%.
Bill Gross, late of Pimco, now of Janus Capital, says investors should take their chips off the  table and be prepared for asset prices to drop. Nouriel Roubini thinks that will happen, too, but not until 2016.
The national inventory of foreclosed homes is down 31% from October 2013.
Here’s a really big number . Does that tell you much?

http://usat.ly/1ztRJo2Good Eggs brings the farmers market online
Video Keywords New Orleans delivery infrastructure driven company Brooklyn local farmer grocery shop San Francisco Los Angeles
Rob Spiro is CEO and co-founder of Good Eggs, a San Francisco-based company that sources farm fresh food and delivers it to your home.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  Today is a way to do your grocery shop thing
00:08  entirely from local pretty serious. And would you get is extremely
00:12  fresh because it was just made by. How local farmer rancher
00:15  bakery. That day -- the day before. But let me get
00:25  on -- exists with the you're not gonna find in the
00:27  supermarket. Because it's pressure and it's through that. -- the way
00:33  it was meant to taste through its ripen on the tree
00:36  in -- right and the plan Dan and you get a
00:38  and it's just been harvested and it's fresh for you. You
00:41  can get anything that you find in normal grocery store efforts
00:44  and veggies meets the sea is big heads. Pickles and dams
00:48  and then rice and flowers. Any can you finest supermarket there
00:58  is a food entrepreneur who -- out there who's starting a
01:00  business trying to make -- -- with a lot of integrity.
01:04  I don't care for the land and care people's health. The
01:07  producers who are making with that are bringing us fresh food
01:10  every day. And we are keeping in in a perfect temperature
01:14  for a few hours and then -- packing up and sending
01:16  it out. Q customer homes and so by the end of
01:19  the day actually the food habits and he. And the next
01:21  day we do it -- again so it's -- just in
01:24  time model where the food that you order on the side.
01:27  -- picked and practice to order for you. And then you
01:30  bring your home for free. Right now the critics has the
01:34  -- in San Francisco in New Orleans Los Angeles and Brooklyn.
01:38  Join -- for cities and our plan is to expand to
01:40  cities and country you know there are these local food. Scenes
01:44  and movements and all over the country in cities and towns
01:47  you see manifesting and farmers' markets and see if they subscription
01:51  programs. And today is a way for the same pretty serious
01:54  to find more ways to market and for shoppers to more
01:57  easily get access to this really high quality. One of the
02:00  things that we really care about is food access -- helping
02:03  this great local food. I reach folks who otherwise wouldn't have
02:06  access to it because they're after the desert and Internet access
02:09  to bring to market. Or because there are low income and
02:12  can't afford this kind of high quality food and so where.
02:14  -- -- lots of different ways for a good -- to
02:17  reach those folks. We think actually we're really well suited to
02:20  south -- access problems because of our delivery infrastructure. Good exit
02:26  and mission driven company our mission is to grow and sustain
02:28  local would systems worldwide. And we think that it's so we
02:31  did create a better world that local puts the -- take
02:34  care of the land that they care people's health. Have a
02:36  great pretty small businesses and our communities and ultimately they give
02:40  us better tasting food.
Marco della Cava , USA TODAY 12:08 p.m. EST November 12, 2014
Rob Spiro, 29, CEO and co-founder of Good Eggs.
(Photo: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY)
556 CONNECT 96 TWEET 57 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Rob Spiro has long been a fan of healthful food. He worked on a farm after college, then started a search engine that was bought by Google. So it's perhaps no surprise that his latest venture fuses great eating with solid tech.
Good Eggs, which was seeded here in 2013, grew deep roots in 2014 with its vision of bringing farm-fresh produce typically only available at farmers markets direct to consumers. The company is one of 10 finalists for USA TODAY's Entrepreneur of the Year award; more nominee profiles will run in the coming weeks, and a winner will be announced in December.
The proposition is simple. Farmers set their own prices and deliver to Good Eggs warehouses each morning. Employees use custom inventory apps to route the food to customer-order bins, and same-day home delivery is free. Spiro and his team take a small commission from each purchase.
"This past year was all about building Good Eggs into a sustainable model that could work all over the U.S. and indeed the world," says founder Spiro, 29.
Others are bullish on his vision. Index Ventures recently helped raise $21 million, which comes on top of an initial funding round of $8 million that saw the company expand to Brooklyn, New Orleans and Los Angeles this year. More cities are coming next year.
"We focused hard on building out our culture, finding the right people who really believe in us," says Spiro, noting that the company has grown from 50 to more than 250 employees, most of whom, regardless of their titles, take turns slapping a Good Eggs magnetic logo on their personal cars to deliver groceries.
"If we can help grow and sustain local food systems around the world, then we will have done something important, something that's good for people that happens to also be a good business," he says. "Building a new business is never easy, but it's worthwhile for a reason like this."
In the course of the year, Good Eggs has tripled the number of small farmers it works with, from 300 to nearly 1,000. Some of them are capable of making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year through the association, Spiro says.
"These are people who before had very limited sale-chain opportunities, usually limited to a local farmers market or through wholesale or subscription-based food channels," he says. "By having a presence on our site, these producers, be they bakers or growers, can develop a direct relationship with the consumers. We are just facilitating the process of routing the food to the end user."
Good Eggs' timing is auspicious. Due to a growing awareness of and appreciation for the role of unprocessed foods in healthy diets, farmers markets are booming from coast to coast, quadrupling in number since 1994, according to the  U.S. Department of Agriculture.
And on the technology end, cloud-based software makes it easy for small businesses to monitor inventory. In fact, a key to Good Eggs' success is seamless communication between the company and its producers, so that consumers place orders only for goods that are readily available.
A visit to Good Eggs' warehouse here reveals how the dance works. Received until  late the night before, customer orders are shuttled through the site to food providers, who aggregate what's needed, bundle it up in bulk and drive it to Good Eggs early the next morning.
Once on location, workers unpack the food and, using a special app that's tied to smart shelving, place what's needed in the appropriate storage bin, which lights up if it needs the product they are in the process of distributing. Each bin represents a customer order, and when it's filled — whether with artisanal breads or freshly caught salmon — it's packed up and sent off for delivery.
The big plus for the consumer is that the online shopping experience is filled with artsy photos of mouth-watering fare — photos largely taken on site at Good Eggs — that are a mouse-click away from being brought to their doorstep.
For Spiro, the key to successfully launching a business is having your heart in the right place. "If you try to have a truly positive impact on society and the environment or are trying to help people by addressing a problem or injustice, then you'll have the wind at your back," he says.
Rob Spiro makes his green off fresh produce.
(Photo: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY)
"There's no doubt in my mind that the issue of our planet's health and our own health are now very important to people all over, it's not a blue-state, red-state thing," says Spiro. "I'm proud to say this is a mission-driven company."
556 CONNECT 96 TWEET 57 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qE3nb4
ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR

http://www.capgainsvalet...Search
Enter the FIRM NAME (or any portion) of the mutual fund you are looking for and select Search.  I’ll present any information I’ve found; this will range from: nothing yet, preliminary information, last year’s (2013) actual distributions, or 2014 estimates.
Click here to load this Caspio Online Database .
 
Disclaimer:   Information derived from third party sources is considered to be reliable. However, Mark Wilson does not represent that such information is accurate and complete and should not be relied upon as such.  This material should not be construed as a recommendation of any security.  This website is designed to provide accurate and authoritative information in regard to the subject matter covered. In publishing this web site, the author is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting, or other professional service. If legal advice or other expert assistance is required, use the services of a competent professional .  In other words, use all information here at your own risk.
 

Avon Organics: Appointment of Additional DirectorDec 05, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Avon Organics: Appointment of Additional Director
Avon Organics has informed that Dr. Sunil Pitroda has been appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of the Company with effect from December 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Avon Organics: Appointment of Additional Director
Avon Organics has informed that Dr. Sunil Pitroda has been appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of the Company with effect from December 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Avon Organics Ltd  has informed BSE that Dr. Sunil Pitroda has been appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of the Company with effect from December 05, 2014.Source : BSE

India Polyspin: Outcome of board meetingDec 05, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
India Polyspin: Outcome of board meeting
India Polyspin has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 15, 2014, has deliberated / considered / approved the following business:- The Board of Directors of the Company has re-constituted the committee as per the requirement of Clause 49 as well as Companies Act, 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Polyspin: Outcome of board meeting
India Polyspin has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 15, 2014, has deliberated / considered / approved the following business:- The Board of Directors of the Company has re-constituted the committee as per the requirement of Clause 49 as well as Companies Act, 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
India Polyspin Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 15, 2014, inter alia, has deliberated / considered / approved the following business:- The Board of Directors of the Company has re-constituted the committee as per the requirement of Clause 49 as well as Companies Act, 2013.Source : BSE

Tirupati Sarjan: Outcome of EGMDec 05, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tirupati Sarjan: Outcome of EGM
Tirupati Sarjan has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on November 28, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tirupati Sarjan: Outcome of EGM
Tirupati Sarjan has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on November 28, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Tirupati Sarjan Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on November 28, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Markets now  one-way freight train north : Paulsen
Same kind of people nifty went from 5100 to 6300 sell it will fall tdy...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Vge amit dada sab kuch ulta pultaChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2908
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
14928

Fdi in*medical eqpmnt isrelaxed to100.." is thenews true plz share "Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Arvind ji i am ur silent follower. bt sometimes i saw that when u said...New Member
0 Follower
Sir pls don`t do that, sir pls don`t give reply to that kind of people, and first of all they should have read yr rules before they invest, and if they enter at higher level and can`t wait for 3 to 6 month than its their problem sir its not yours they should not worry at all when they r follow alladin of stock market, and inspite of agreed with all yr rules they behave like that, than pls don`t entertain them by giving answer, but pls don`t stop to help other people, we always want u to b there as u r till now, jay Ganesh Ji ki
In reply to : arvind151 message
7.38 PM Dec 5th

Speculative finance investments in agri futures lead to price mismatchSpeculative finance investments in agri futures lead to price mismatch
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Dec 5:  
Agricultural futures market has seen distortion of price discovery due to large scale speculative finance capital getting invested in such instruments globally.
According to C.J.George, Managing Director, Geojit BNP Paribas, this is hurting farmers and other stakeholders through creation of an artificial demand and supply.
He was speaking at a technical session on the platinum jubilee conference of the Association of Planters of Kerala (APK) here.
While this is a fact, he said there is no point in India or any single country taking an isolated restrictive measure against finance capital, unless globally all regulators come out with common norms and stop speculative finance from getting invested in agri futures.
The previous decade had seen huge such investments that resulted in increase in food prices leading to even riots for food in at least in 30 countries and was possibly referred as the reason for the final removal of governments in Tunisia and Egypt, he said.
George was also of the view that Indian commodity boards have outlived its utility as these boards failed to play any meaningful role in the sector. Therefore the government should wind up all such boards like those for spices, tea, rubber and silk or completely change the size, shape and roles of these organisations in the interest of stakeholders.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Fadnavis expands Cabinet  inducts 10 each from Sena and BJPShiv Sena joins BJP govt, gets 10 seats in Cabinet
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday expanded his nine-member ministry with the induction of 20 more — 10 each from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena — at a swearing-in function on the premises of the Assembly.
Governor Vidyasagar Rao administered the oath of office and secrecy to the new ministers.  The swearing-in function was attended by Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and his family, apart from BJP ministers Dharmendra Pradhan and Piyush Goyal. The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party did not attend the swearing in function.
BJP’s poll allies Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana and Rashtriya Samaj Party were also absent, displeased at not being included in the cabinet expansion.
In the cabinet expansion, the BJP has tried to bring about some regional balance, besides giving due to seniority, loyalty and factions in its selection of ministers. On the other hand, Shiv Sena, which has agreed to play second fiddle to the BJP, has gone by seniority, notwithstanding candidates’ membership from the Legislative Council instead of the Assembly. The Sena has also gone for an urban-rural mix, ignoring discontent from Assembly members for being neglected.
The list of BJP’s cabinet ministers included five time MLA Girish Bapat (Kasba Peth, Pune), Girish Mahajan (Jamner, Jalgaon), Chandrashekhar Bavankule (Kamthi, Nagpur), Baban Lonikar (Partur, Jalna) and Rajkumar Badole (Arjuni-Morgaon, Gondiya).
Bapat earlier declined to become the speaker of the Assembly. Mahajan, who hails from the Gujar community, has been picked to balance BJP veteran and state revenue minister Eknath Khadse, who is reportedly upset over not being considered for the chief minister's post.
Bavankule reportedly belongs to Union minister Nitin Gadkari's camp and has been at the forefront in taking up issues involving farmers and villagers affected due to pollution from coal-based power projects in his constituency.
Shiv Sena's cabinet ministers include Subhash Desai, who was defeated by the BJP's Vidya Thakur from Goregaon constituency. Thakur, who represents a large north Indian community, has already been inducted in Fadnavis' cabinet on October 31. Desai, who was involved during talks with the BJP for sharing power, along with Sena MP Anil Desai, is a confidant of Sena president Uddhav Thackeray.
Others include legislators from Mahrashtra Legislative Council Diwakar Raote, Ramdas Kadam and Dr Dipak Sawant. Both Raote and Kadam were ministers during the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance government between 1995 and 1999. Sawant organises medical camps for the Sena and is a part of the teachers' union. Sena legislator from Thane Eknath Shinde, who had assumed the post of the Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly on November 12, has resigned from that post to take the oath as minister.
BJP's ministers of state included Ram Shinde, who is of the Dhangar community, (Karjat-Jamkhed, Ahmednagar), Vijay Deshmukh (Solapur city-North), Raje Ambarish Maharaj (Aheri in Naxalite-affected Gadchiroli), Pravin Pote and Ranjit Patil (both member of the Maharahstra Legislative Council).
Pote, who is an entrepreneur and runs educational institutions, was elected from the local body constituency in Amravati in the Vidarbha region. Patil was elected to the Council from Amravati Graduates constituency.
The Sena list of MoS has Ravindra Waikar (Jogeshwari, two time MLA and elected as corporator thrice), Sanjay Rathord (Digras, Yavatmal), Vijay Shivthare (Purandar, Pune), Dada Bhuse (two time MLA from the Malegaon (outer) Assembly constituency, has won the seat for the third time) and Deepak Kesarkar (Sawantwadi, Sindhudurg, who jumped to Sena deserting Nationalist Congress Party ahead of the Assembly poll).

Uber struggles to get back on right roadUber struggles to get back on right road
Tim Bradshaw and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f8ccb9e-7111-11e4-85d5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Steve Jobs to depose in Apples decade-old music lawsuitComments
Apple’s iconic co-founder Steve Jobs will depose in a trial starting on Tuesday to ascertain if the company forced iPod and iTunes on customers through restrictive technology. It was on his watch that Apple used a software called FairPlay to prevent copying of purchased music, which, however, was not compatible with rivals of iPod and iTunes.
Jobs, who died in 2011, will depose through a video recording.
Jobs was a tough competitor and was not known to hold back in emails and other internal communications about rivals, for instance, on Microsoft and Bill Gates.
Plaintiffs have claimed in court papers that Apple sold millions of iPods at inflated prices by technologically disadvantaging rival devices — between 2006 and 2009.
If jurors at the California court trying the case — a class-action suit brought by customers and retailers in 2005 — find the company guilty it could be fined up to $1 billion.
FairPlay is not in use any longer.
It was developed by Apple to prevent illicit copying of music, a major worry for the music industry at the time with Napster and Kazaa allowing free downloading and copying.
Songs sold at iTunes came encoded with this technology, which was also installed in iPods. But these songs couldn’t be played on rival devices such as Microsoft’s Zune.
And music bought from rival online music stores — such as RealPlayer — couldn’t be played on iPod. Therefore, the competition was effectively blocked out.
In fact, every time RealPlayer tried to make its songs compatible to iPod — introducing a code called Harmony — Apple reinforced the wall through updates.
Apple sold an estimated 150 million iPods over the period of the suit — then priced at $79 to $349, depending on storage capacity. They cost much less now, starting at $49.

EU may lift ban on Indian mango  veggiesEU may lift ban on Indian mango, veggies
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, December 02, 2014
First Published: 22:42 IST(2/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:17 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
The European Union (EU) is likely to announce the lifting of a ban on the import of mangoes and some vegetables from India following an audit of packaging systems in India by a team from Brussels in September.
A report following the EU’s Food and Veterinary Office visit to India to evaluate the system of official controls for the export of plants and plant products from India to the EU was presented and discussed during the committee’s meeting on November 25 and 26, official sources said on Tuesday.
The ban, imposed due to concerns over pests and insects in consignments from India, was announced by the European Union’s Standing Committee on Plant Health on March 26, 2014.
Businessmen from London and elsewhere who cater to the Asian clientele said that the ban had a “devastating” impact on them, and also on growers and importers based in India. Losses due to the ban have been mentioned as running into “hundreds of thousands of pounds”.
Besides protesting against the ban, India has conveyed to EU, details about its upgraded packaging facilities. Officials said that pests and insects were found in 207 consignments of fruits and vegetables imported into the EU from India in 2013. The prohibited items represent less than 5% of the total fruits and vegetables imported into EU from India.
A revision of the ban was originally scheduled to take place before December 31, 2015, but following the team’s visit to India, it is expected to be lifted shortly.

Rupee slips 3 paise to close at 61.91 against dollarRupee slips 3 paise to close at 61.91 against dollar
PTI  Mumbai, December 03, 2014
First Published: 09:53 IST(3/12/2014) | Last Updated: 18:05 IST(3/12/2014)
Comments
Snapping a two-day upmove, rupee on Wednesday eased by three paise to end at 61.91 against the Greenback on fresh dollar demand from importers.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit resumed stable at its overnight closing level of 61.88 a dollar. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.84 and 61.95 before settling at 61.91, logging a fall of three paise or 0.05%.
"The Indian rupee ended flat against the US currency. Initially, the rupee weakened as the dollar rallied against the basket of currencies on upbeat data. Most Asian currencies were weak against the Dollar," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
The rupee had gained 15 paise in previous two days. The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday finished almost flat at 28,442.71 from Tuesday's close of 28444.01.
FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth USD 21.16 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by 0.22% against a basket of six major global rivals.
In New York market, the dollar was higher against major rivals and surged to a new 7-year high against the yen after US bond yields rose in the previous session.
In the forward market, premium recovered on fresh payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May edged up to 222.5-224.5 paise from last close of 222-224 paise and forward contracts maturing in November, 2015, bounced back to 434-436 paise from 430-432 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.8866 and for the Euro at 76.5723.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 96.96 from 97.11 on Tuesday and also firmed up to 76.36 per euro from 77.02. It, however, continued its upward march to end at 51.85 per 100 Japanese yen from 52.00.

Will Chinese Online Shoppers Save Holiday Buying Season
Videocon Infinum Graphite: A new Indian challenger surfacesGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Indian mobile phone makers have already retaliated to the Chinese device firms’ move to take over the smartphone segment in India especially in the affordable phone range, but Videocon has taken the competition to a much steeper level. With the new Infinum Graphite smartphone which packs a lot of features for a medium price, the Indian conglomerate has sounded the bugle for the competition to buckle up. And here is why the phone is worth another look.
Design: The Mumbai-based firm wanted the Graphite to look trendy for mostly the phone is targeted towards the youth. Infinum Graphite—as it has been named—is a sleek black product (no other colour option is available) whose design mostly resembles the Sony Z3 mini. Rounded edges, smooth metallic finish and the black glow makes it a perfect companion for the boys who want to show off their new phone. There is a regular 3.5 mm port for audio at the top and a USB cum charging point at the bottom of the phone. There is a standard front camera at the left adjacent to the calling audio speaker. At the back of the phone there is again a standard camera with LED flash.
What is also similar to the Sony Z3 mini is that the back panel cannot be removed. There is a single MicroSIM slot at the side. Again interestingly, the black panel comes with a sticker which advises the consumer not to discard it as it comes with warranty information. It also says that the battery is non-removable and the user has to contact the customer care in case of any issues. There are also sensors on the body—the P-sensor or the proximity sensor, a G-sensor or an accelarometer, an ambient light sensor and a gyroscope while the Infinum Graphite loses out on the barometer, compass and temperature sensors. Considering the price this could be given a miss. The length of the phone is 137.4 mm, the breadth is 67.6 mm and the height is 7.4 mm.
Display, sound and camera: Videocon has been producing TVs for a long time and it like other rivals have put its display expertise into its phones. With a touchscreen form factor, the Graphite has a screen size of 4.70 inches which lets the user enjoy a 720 x 1280 pixels resolution HD display. Sound of the phone on the speaker was decent but as the phone comes with no headphones because of cost-cutting, we tried other headphones and the output was moderate. When it comes to the moment-capturing capability of the phone, the Graphite takes fairly good pictures in daylight. Selfies are also near perfect as it sports a 5-megapixel front camera. The 8-megapixel rear camera with LED Flash also helps in taking good pictures but the camera cannot support groupies.
Performance: The Infinum Graphite sports a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with a 1 GB RAM and doles out a fairly good performance. But sometimes the RAM can be a problem if the user is running too many applications at the same time. Graphite has a 1800 mAh Li-Polymer battery which gives it a usage of at least 10 hours with Wi-Fi and 3G while during the non-network mode it easily runs for one day. The graphics performance for playing games is not very high but decent-sized and medium-heavy games were not a problem on the Graphite. In fact the phone comes pre-loaded with a few games like the Asphalt 7. When it comes to storage, the Graphite is not miserly at all. It comes with 16 GB of internal memory and can be expanded up to 32 GB using a microSD card.
Connectivity, OS and apps: Like most of the competition, the Graphite sports a Bluetooth and a Wi-Fi module. Where it lags behind is that it does not support an NFC or infrared. The phone comes with a single microSIM slot which supports 2G and 3G. Coming to the OS, Videocon has adopted Google’s flagship Android Kit Kat operating system. The phone has Java support too. The phone comprises regular apps like email client, sound recorder, calculator, OperaMini along with company-based apps like the V-Safe, V-Secure and V-Zone. V-Secure is an anti-virus service which the user gets free for 90 days after the purchase. The user would also need to create a Videocon account.
Verdict: The Graphite in its competition zone can be called a fairly good product which balances out in all aspects. Another 1 GB of RAM would have jolted Graphite’s rankings and made it a perfect choice for the consumer. But for a price of R10,499 Videocon has put out a fairly good product that aspires to be the perfect companion.
Estimated street price:  Rs 10,499
TAGS: Videocon Infinum Graphite
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Gusty winds delay NASA s Orion spaceship test flightCAPE CANAVERAL, December 4, 2014
Updated: December 4, 2014 20:30 IST
Gusty winds delay NASA's Orion spaceship test flight
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters
The Delta IV Heavy rocket carrying the Orion spacecraft sits on the launch pad awaiting liftoff in the early morning light at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida on December 4.
TOPICS
space programme
The launch of NASA's deep-space capsule Orion for a test flight around Earth was delayed on Thursday due to gusty winds at the launch site.
Liftoff of the United Launch Alliance Delta 4 Heavy rocket and Orion capsule from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida had been targeted for 7:05 a.m. EST (1205 GMT).
"There is high optimism that we'll be able to launch today," said NASA launch commentator Michael Curie.
Launch was delayed first by a boat that wandered in the restricted zone beneath the rocket's intended flight path and then by gusty winds at the seaside spaceport.

U.S. contractor has spent five years in a Cuban prison for distributing Internet equipmentBy Nancy Scola December 4 Follow @nancyscola
Five years to the day after his arrest in Cuba on espionage charges, former U.S. contractor Alan Gross, shown in a file photo with his wife, Judy, is threatening a hunger strike, refusing almost all visitors and predicting he will die in prison if he isn’t freed by his 66th birthday in May, relatives and backers said Wednesday. (AP Photo/Courtesy Gross family, File)
The Obama White House has once again called for Cuba to release 65-year-old Alan Gross , a U.S. citizen who is being described in widely-distributed press reports as an "American government contractor."
But on the fifth anniversary of Gross's imprisonment on a 15-year sentence, it's worth remembering the nature of the crimes against Cuba's "independence or territorial integrity” with which Gross has been charged. Gross, working with the U.S. Agency for International Development, distributed equipment intended to get Jewish Cubans online, including laptops, Wi-Fi routers and satellite phones .
Those devices look to Cuban authorities to be the tools of subversion. (They look that way to other governments, too, as the new Freedom House report on the state of online freedoms in 2014 makes plain .) The Internet is a particularly fraught question for the Cuban government, which has long believed that it is part of the country's technological sovereignty to limit how Cubans go online.
On Wednesday, the White House said in a statement:
Five years ago today Alan Gross was arrested for his efforts to help ordinary Cuban citizens have greater access to information through the Internet.  The Administration remains focused on securing Alan's freedom from a Cuban prison, and returning him safely to his wife and children, where he belongs.
We remain deeply concerned for Alan's health, and reiterate our call for his release.  The Cuban Government's release of Alan on humanitarian grounds would remove an impediment to more constructive relations between the United States and Cuba.
Gross, in should be noted, was in Cuba as part of a controversial pro-democracy program, and he represented himself not as a U.S. government contractor but as being in Cuba to do philanthropic work.
But any discussion of Gross's imprisonment is incomplete without a recognition that he wasn't in Cuba distributing guns or tank parts. He was passing out equipmentso that people could get online, which is something that the Cuban government considers quite dangerous enough.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Asian markets mixed; Shanghai Composite up 2%  Nikkei downDec 05, 2014, 07.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian markets mixed; Shanghai Composite up 2%, Nikkei down
Asian markets were trading mixed on Friday. Shanghai Composite gained 2 percent and  Taiwan Weighted shed 0.24 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian markets mixed; Shanghai Composite up 2%, Nikkei down
Asian markets were trading mixed on Friday. Shanghai Composite gained 2 percent and  Taiwan Weighted shed 0.24 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Chinese stocks surged to fresh three-year peaks on Friday, while caution ahead of US jobs data weighed on the rest of Asia's indices.
The Shanghai Composite index has surged over 20 percent in the past 30 days on expectations of additional stimulus measures from the People's Bank of China.
Market attention was on the US November jobs report due later Friday. Economists are expecting a nonfarm payroll number of 230,000, which would top October's 214,000 reading, and for the jobless rate to hold steady at 5.8 percent.
Reports of more stimulus from the European Central Bank (ECB) failed to boost sentiment in the region. On Thursday, ECB chief Mario Draghi said the central bank "stepped up" preparations for further asset purchases next year after leaving policy unchanged. His remarks came amid reports the central bank is considering a quantitative easing package for its next meeting in January.
China's Shanghai Composite gained 2.01 percent or 58.34 points at 2,957.80. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 1.04 percent or 246.93 points at 24,079.49.
Japan's Nikkei was down 0.29 percent or 52.65 points at 17,834.56. Singapore's Straits Times added 0.37 percent or 12.27 points at 3,317.09.
South Korea's Seoul Composite was flat at 1,984.80. Taiwan's Taiwan Weighted shed 0.24 percent or 21.69 points at 9,203.42.
(with inputs from cnbc.com)

Alcoa Touts Step Toward Stronger Aluminum for CarsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Canada Approves Burger King-Tim Hortons TakeoverIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Could Barry sue Lena Dunham over her memoirsActress Lena Dunham holds her memoir, “Not That Kind of Girl,” ahead of a book signing in Piccadilly in central London in October. (Joel Ryan/Invision via Associated Press)
A reader writes:
I think … VC/Wapo readers (including those sympathetic to Ms. Dunham) would be interested in your thoughts on whether Barry “One” (as the … Breitbart article refers to him) has a potential cause of action against Lena Dunham and/or Random House for negligence, [intentional infliction of emotional distress], false light, libel, whatever (assuming he can prove that he did not rape or otherwise have sex with Ms. Dunham as described in her memoir). At least to me, the question of whether an author can be held liable (consistent with the First Amendment) for intentionally or unintentionally (but negligently, if proved) ruining an innocent person’s reputation or life, is very interesting …. And in the Breitbart article, it mentions that Barry has hired a lawyer, so legal action may be being contemplated (in the Kevin Williamson piece in National Review … Barry expresses that this is taking an immense, negative toll on him and his family).
A very interesting question, to which it turns out that there’s a good legal answer (assuming we can figure out the facts).
1. Lena Dunham’s memoir describes her having sex with someone named Barry, whom she labels as Oberlin’s “resident conservative.” Her description seems to me to leave it somewhat ambiguous as to whether Barry raped her, but it does describe some sexual behavior by Barry that at the very least reflects badly on him. There are two passages in which she describes the incident: one in which it comes across as consensual but unsatisfying, and another one that she begins by saying,
I’m an unreliable narrator.
Because I add an invented detail to almost every story I tell about my mother. Because my sister claims every memory we “share” has been fabricated by me to impress a crowd. Because I get “sick” a lot. Because I use the same low “duhhh” voice for every guy I’ve ever known, except for the put-off adult voice I use to imitate my dad. But mostly because in another essay in this book I describe a sexual encounter with a mustachioed campus Republican as the upsetting but educational choice of a girl who was new to sex when, in fact, it didn’t feel like a choice at all.
The pages that follow, which thus seem to purportedly describe what happened “in fact,” give a good number of details of Barry’s alleged sexual behavior toward her; see the Breitbart News story (John Nolte, Big Hollywood) for some of those details.
2. The Breitbart News story states that there was indeed a well-known conservative student at Oberlin named Barry and that he could easily be identified by people who want to figure out who he is — and that he has indeed been so identified by many people. (I indeed managed to do this easily myself.) Kevin Williamson (National Review) , a prominent critic of Dunham’s, reports the same.
But the Breitbart News story also alleges that the other details in Dunham’s story, such as Barry’s appearance (e.g., his mustache) and campus job (e.g., his having hosted a radio talk show called “Real Talk With Jimbo”), seem to be inaccurate. And the story alleges that there was no one else named Barry who was a prominent campus conservative. From there, Breitbart News expresses doubts that Dunham actually was involved in such an incident with a conservative named Barry.
3. So those are the facts (item 1, which I can attest to personally, having looked at Dunham’s memoir) and the allegations that Dunham’s account is incorrect (item 2, the substance of which I can’t verify personally). Assuming that the Breitbart allegations are correct, would Dunham’s statements be legally actionable, if Identifiable Conservative Barry sues?
The answer doesn’t require us to delve into negligence or intentional infliction of emotional distress, because this would be a classic defamation case. Identifiable Conservative Barry would argue that
Dunham said things about him that injured his reputation with some people
because some people reasonably identified him as the Barry she mentions and yet,
those statements were false, in that no conservative Oberlin student named Barry actually did to her what she says was done to her, even if someone else with another name or other identifying characteristics did this, and
Dunham knew that the statements were false, in that she knew that no conservative Oberlin Barry did this to her.
Nor does it matter that Barry’s last name was not used. As the Restatement (Second) of Torts says (emphasis and some paragraph breaks added),
A defamatory communication is made concerning the person to whom its recipient correctly, or mistakenly but reasonably, understands that it was intended to refer….
Comment b. Person mistakenly but reasonably believed to be intended. If the communication is reasonably understood by the person to whom it is made as intended to refer to the plaintiff, it is not decisive that the defamer did not intend to refer to him. It is not enough however, that the defamatory matter is actually understood as intended to refer to the plaintiff; the interpretation must be reasonable in the light of all the circumstances. It is not necessary that the plaintiff be designated by name; it is enough that there is such a description of or reference to him that those who hear or read reasonably understand the plaintiff to be the person intended.…
It is not necessary that everyone recognize the other as the person intended; it is enough that any recipient of the communication reasonably so understands it….
[T]he defamer is subject to liability if he knew that the communication would be understood by the recipient to refer to the plaintiff or was negligent in failing to recognize that this might happen. If the recipient reasonably understood the communication to be made concerning the plaintiff, it may be inferred that the defamer was negligent in failing to realize that the communication would be so understood….
To be sure, if this sort of misunderstanding happens without fault on the speaker’s part, or when it’s unreasonable for people to assume the statement is about the plaintiff, there would be no liability. If I write accurately about something bad done by someone I identify only as Bill, that isn’t a basis for every Bill in the world to sue me, claiming that the statement libels him. I accurately reported the facts, it’s unreasonable for people to assume just based on the name Bill that my statement is about any Bill in particular, and it’s therefore reasonable for me just to call him Bill.
Likewise, if I write an obviously fictional story that mentions someone named Cathy, and even give quite a few details, it’s generally unreasonable for people to assume that this is about any particular Cathy (even one who happens to share the description I offered in my fictional work). At least this is so unless there’s some indication that the reference really isn’t entirely fictional; there’s actually some interesting and controversial case law on facially fictional accounts that are nonetheless seen as implicitly making factual claims.
But say I write something that on its face seems to be, and is reasonably perceived to be, a factual claim that someone did something bad to me. And say I use a first name coupled with identifying characteristics that would lead reasonable people to perceive that the person is a particular person. People do so reasonably perceive, but it turns out that my account was wrong — the incident actually involved someone with a different first name, or different identifying characteristics. Unless I made a reasonable mistake, I would be potentially liable for defamation.
And that would be the Dunham story, if the Breitbart assertions are correct, and Dunham knew (or at least should have known) that the incident didn’t involve an Oberlin conservative named Barry. To be sure, people who knew Identifiable Conservative Barry very well would realize that her story couldn’t be about him (again, assuming the Breitbart report is right), since he never had the mustache that Dunham described and never worked on the radio show that Dunham mentioned.
But people who know some details about Identifiable Conservative Barry — he was named Barry, he was conservative, he was at Oberlin at the same time Dunham was — whether because they know him personally or because they track him down using those details, would perceive him as the Barry that Dunham was talking about. And the damage to his reputation in those people’s eyes would be sufficient for a libel claim (again, assuming the facts are as Breitbart reports).
4. But there’s one important twist: Any such libel lawsuit is dangerous for plaintiffs in this situation, even if they are entirely innocent. Right now, only a relatively few people link Identifiable Conservative Barry’s name to Dunham’s story, precisely because his last name wasn’t used. If Identifiable Conservative Barry sues, he becomes Identified Conservative Barry, and many more people will link his name to Dunham’s story. Then, even if he prevails in court, or gets Dunham to publish an apology, some people will have learned of the accusation but won’t hear (or remember or believe) the vindication.
This, for better or worse (or perhaps sometimes for better and sometimes for worse), is one of the costs of libel litigation: It amplifies the original accusation, and sometimes it takes a statement that injured the plaintiff’s reputation only among a few people and turns it into a statement that injured his reputation among many — again, even if he ultimately “wins” the case. Sometimes a sad reality, but a reality nonetheless.
UPDATE: I’m always delighted to see interesting and substantive comments, of which there are quite a few in the comment thread. But, seriously, enough with the “Lena Dunham is so ugly” jokes. Have a little class, and a little originality — or face the wrath of Sarcastro (who is on a roll, not coincidentally).
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

New York Mayor  police union officials clash after grand jury decision in Eric Garners deathBy Elahe Izadi December 4 Follow @ElaheIzadi
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Thursday that those angry with the grand jury decision not to indict a police officer in the death Eric Garner should work for positive change. (Reuters)
Tensions between New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and some in the city’s police force came into full view Thursday, as police union officials accused the mayor of throwing the department “under the bus” in his response to a grand jury’s decision to not indict a white officer in Eric Garner’s killing.
“Police officers feel like they are being thrown under the bus,” Patrick J. Lynch, president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, said at a Thursday press conference. “Look, last night, the protesters — we may not agree with their message, but we were protecting their right to do it. That’s what they should be saying.”
De Blasio pushed back, thanking protesters for an “overwhelmingly” peaceful protest on Wednesday night that resulted in 83 arrests, and praising officers. “The response by the New York Police Department was exactly the right one. It was smart, it was strategic, it was agile. A lot of restraint was shown,” the mayor said as he announced a massive refresher training for the nation’s largest police force in the wake of Garner’s death.
“This is a sign of respect for the profession of policing,” de Blasio said of the training. “We put so many other professions on a pedestal and put a huge amount on training. This is a profession that deserves more support.”
RELATED: New York Mayor Bill de Blasio pens an open letter after the Eric Garner decision: ‘There is much more to be done.’
Starting this month, all 20,000 members of the city’s patrol force, including 2,500 sergeants and 900 lieutenants, will undergo a three-day training course that will include learning conflict-resolution skills and how to deescalate situations with methods other than force.
“Fundamental questions are being asked, and rightfully so, about how we respect people’s rights, how we reduce the use of force and the relationship between police and community,” de Blasio said.
The mayor declined to comment on whether such training would avoid a repeat of what happened between Garner and Officer Daniel Pantaleo, but he said that it will lead to “a very different reality.”
“This will protect our officers, protect lives of our citizens,” de Blasio said. “I have no doubt that some tragedies will be averted because of this training.”
A man distributes fliers to police officers at a protest in New York’s Union Square on Wednesday. (Kena Betancur/Getty Images)
After the grand jury declined to bring charges against Pantaleo, de Blasio met with clergy and others in Staten Island on Wednesday and then spoke about his personal fear that his African American son would fall victim to police brutality.
Lynch said Thursday that the mayor instead should have been telling residents to not resist arrest because it can lead to dangerous and sometimes tragic outcomes for officers and civilians alike.
An internal department review will begin into whether Pantaleo violated department conduct policies, just as the Justice Department launches a civil rights probe into the death of Garner, a 43-year-old unarmed black man, which was captured on video obtained by the Daily News and sparked mass outrage and an eventual investigation .
A judge also ordered the release of a very  limited amount of information about the grand jury investigation, per a request from Richmond County District Attorney Daniel Donovan. That information includes the fact that jurors sat for a period of nine weeks; heard from 50 witnesses, with 22 being civilians and the rest officers, emergency personnel and doctors; and considered 60 exhibits, which included four videos. The judge noted that much of that information had already been widely reported in the media.
The president of the union that represents New York City police officers praised Wednesday's grand jury decision in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the choking death of Eric Garner last summer. (AP)
Donovan had not asked for transcripts of testimony or the exhibits to be made public. In a statement, Donovan said he had no further comment on the grand jury investigation.
Union officials and de Blasio did agree on one thing: that more information related to the grand jury decision should be released.
Pantaleo “has no qualms if that information is released, because it’s the truth,” Lynch said. “He would like everyone to hear what the grand jurors heard.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Washington state man accused of making threats against Darren Wilson  ex-Ferguson cop who shot Michael BrownBy Sarah Larimer December 4 Follow @slarimer
Officer Darren Wilson is pictured in this undated evidence photo from the Aug. 9 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. (St. Louis County Prosecutor’s Office/Handout via Reuters)
About a week after a Missouri grand jury declined to indict a former police officer for the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager, a Washington state man has been arrested for making threats against the 28-year-old.
“What this indicates is the need for vigilance,” attorney Neil Bruntrager told MSNBC in an interview this week , while discussing threats against his client. “And we’re going to maintain vigilance.”
Bruntrager is an attorney for Darren Wilson, who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., in August. Brown’s death sparked unrest in the St. Louis suburb, which continued after the grand jury’s decision was announced in late November.
Wilson resigned from the Ferguson Police Department on Saturday , a few days before Jaleel Tariq Abdul-Jabbaar was taken into custody for allegedly making threats against Wilson.
“He takes them seriously,” Bruntrager said of any alleged threats against his client. “His concern is not for him, it’s for his family.”
In the months after the shooting, few details of Wilson’s life were publicly known . Those tracking the case mostly knew him from a blurry photograph taken earlier this year. In recent days, he has participated in a televised interview , however, and more photos of Wilson circulated after grand jury documents were released.
According to an eight-page complaint  filed by the Department of Justice, Abdul-Jabbaar, 46, allegedly started posting about Ferguson on Facebook five days after the Brown shooting, and continued to post comments and news stories as the investigation continued.
“Wanted For Murder of Mike Brown,” read a graphic that Abdul-Jabbaar posted in September, which showed Wilson in uniform, the complaint said. Under the graphic, Abdul-Jabbaar wrote: “This dude needs his house sprayed.”
“We need to kill this white [expletive] and anything else that has a badge on,” Abdul-Jabbaar wrote on Facebook the day that the grand jury reached its decision, states the complaint, which identifies Wilson by his initials throughout.
The complaint, filed before the U.S. District Court for Western District of Washington in Seattle, states that in November, Abdul-Jabbaar began posting that he wanted to go to Ferguson. The day the decision was announced, according to the complaint, he wrote: “Ready to go kill some cops.”
Abdul-Jabbaar was arrested without incident at his home in Kirkland, Wash., about 22 minutes outside of Seattle, according to a news release  from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Western District of Washington.
“Although we each have the right to express our views about the decision reached by the state grand jury in Ferguson, Missouri, we cannot tolerate violence or threats of violence that are intended to intimidate, and ultimately silence debate,” acting U.S. Attorney Annette L. Hayes said in the release. “Such threats are crimes, and the individuals who make them must be held to account.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

The racial divide in America is this elemental: Blacks and whites actually breathe different air.American Lung Association
There's a profound truth to one of the mottoes of protesters in New York who are upset about a grand jury's decision not to indict an officer in the death of Eric Garner on Staten Island this summer. " We can't breathe ," they have been chanting. And in New York, as in most American cities, the air itself has been tainted by decades of disparity in public policy.
The motto paraphrases Garner's words as Officer Daniel Pantaleo held him in an apparent chokehold on the sidewalk. Pantaleo told the grand jury he did not intend to choke Garner and tried to let go of him when Garner said, "I can't breathe," but the asthmatic Garner suffered a heart attack and died several minutes later in the back of ambulance. A medical examiner ruled the death a homicide.
We'll never know if Garner would have survived the altercation if he hadn't had asthma. We also don't know what caused the asthma, which he developed as a child. What we do know is that asthma is much more common among blacks than whites, and that air pollution is much worse in communities of color nationwide.
Asthma was one among many factors correlated with race in Garner's life that led to the fatal situation, said Eddie Bautista, director of the New York City Environmental Justice Alliance. "There are number of ways that racism plays out," he said. "The asthma is just one more example."
A recent study found that members of racial and ethnic minorities are exposed to levels of nitrogen dioxide, a common pollutant associated with asthma and heart disease, that are 38 percent higher than in the air whites breathe.
Advocates say that authorities often decide to dump waste in minority neighborhoods, and to locate highways and industrial facilities away from the higher-income areas where whites live.
Garner lived in Tompkinsville, a neighborhood on Staten Island's north shore where zoning regulations have concentrated shipping and industry, Bautista said.
The north shore of the island is one of six areas that New York City has designated for marine freight. Bautista's group analyzed the demographics of these zones and found that about two-thirds of the people living in them were not white.
Historically, he said, immigrants and people of color moved to these waterfront neighborhoods because they could live and find work there despite a lack of money and qualifications.
More recently, as the city has converted industrial land elsewhere into gentrifying residential and commercial neighborhoods, industry has further concentrated in the waterfront districts, likely leading to more asthma-causing pollutants.
"The more industrial land you take off the table, the less land you have, the greater the potential for clustering. It's a vicious cycle," Bautista said.
In one neighborhood, Hunts Point and Mott Haven in the Bronx, the rate at which children are hospitalized for asthma is about twice the city's average.
Pollution is not the only cause of asthma. Psychological factors play a role as well, including anxiety, stress and exposure to violence.
Children who live in neighborhoods where crime is high have been shown to have higher rates of asthma. For people living in old, poorly maintained houses, exposure to cockroaches is another risk: the insects produce allergens that might cause asthma in children.
 

Infosys on track for industry level growth by June 2016: SikkaInfosys on track for industry level growth by June 2016, says Vishal Sikka
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 10:47 IST
Infosys new management's maiden analyst day was marked by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka's reiteration of his "New+Renew" theme, CLSA says.
Infosys is exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership, says CLSA.
The company is looking to ignite new growth engines from new technologies like social, mobility, analytics and cloud. Infosys also seen increasing efficiencies in traditional verticals like financial and manufacturing.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital," CLSA note adds.
The investment bank reiterates its "buy" rating and price target of Rs 2,500.
Infosys sees future in new technology, investors are cheering its strategy shift, says CLSA.
The stock is up 20.6 per cent YTD compared with a 35.9 per cent gain in the Nifty.
(Reuters)

Sarfraz Ahmed  bowlers steer Pakistan to victory against New ZealandBy: Reuters | Dubai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:07 am
Pakistan opener Sarfraz Ahmed’s belligerent 76 not out secured a comprehensive seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in the first Twenty20 International in Dubai on Thursday.
Sarfraz hit two sixes and eight fours in his 64-ball knock to help Pakistan reach their target with five balls to spare after Pakistan restricted New Zealand to 135 for seven.
Asked to bat first, New Zealand slumped to 15 for three before Martin Guptill (32) and Corey Anderson (48) halted the slide with a 46-run stand.
Leading the team in the absence of rested Brendon McCullum, Kane Williamson was dismissed for a golden duck when Anwar Ali’s third delivery trapped him lbw.
After Guptill’s departure in the 10th over, Anderson added 51 runs with Luke Ronchi (33) but his 37-ball knock studded with four sixes came to an end when Saad Nasim leapt to take a brilliant catch on the boundary.
Anderson’s exit in the 16th over robbed New Zealand of the momentum and the visitors scored only 25 runs off the last five overs.
Pakistan made a flying start with Sarfraz and Awais Zia (20) taking them past the 50-mark in the eighth over.
Zia and Mohammad Hafeez fell in quick succession but Sarfraz looked unstoppable and he hit Anderson for a six in the 11th over to bring up his maiden 20-over fifty.
Umar Akmal chipped in with an unbeaten 27 off 14 balls, sealing Pakistan’s victory with a six off Jimmy Neesham.
The teams return to the same ground in less than 24 hours for the second and final Twenty20 International on Friday.

India fret over Sardar Singhs calf  Rupinderpal Singh illnessWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 1:52 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 1:26 pm
Tucked away in the extreme corner of the 29-acre Kalinga Sports Complex, the Pitch 2 of the hockey stadium is an isolated place to train. It can get even lonelier if you have to practice alone. Sardar Singh would vouch for it.
Even as the rest of the Indian team went through their paces for roughly 90 minutes, their captain stood alone in a corner. Clad in a pullover and track pants, he broke into little jogs just to keep himself warm on a mildly chilly evening. He looked disconcerted; frequently bending over, massaging his left calf and making a painful grimace. Sardar had pulled his calf muscle, which was heavily strapped, during India’s practice match against Australia on Wednesday.
What initially looked like a minor niggle, though, has turned into a nightmare for the team.
The creases on the foreheads of stand-in coach Roelant Oltmans and Sardar himself told the story, even though they wouldn’t admit it. And he wasn’t the only one racing against time to get match fit. The absence of drag-flicker Rupinderpal Singh added to the suspense. He is down with flu, the team management said.
As if Terry Walsh’s sudden exit wasn’t enough, Team India is now sweating over Sardar’s injury and Rupinderpal’s illness ahead of their first match of the Champions Trophy against Germany on Saturday. They tried to maintain a brave face and underplayed the incidents. Assistant coach Jude Felix said it was a precautionary step taken to ensure Sardar gets some rest. “He is okay. It’s nothing serious,” he said.
Playing it by ear 
Oltmans, however, said they would take a call on his fitness on Friday and added they would rest Sardar for Saturday’s game if that meant he would be totally fit for the remainder of the tournament. “He is much better today (Thursday) than yesterday (Wednesday), so that’s a positive. But we do not want to overwork him,” Oltmans said. “We wouldn’t take risk with his fitness. We would play him judiciously now rather than missing him for the six matches. We will take a call on his fitness on Friday.”
Sardar’s fitness has been a cause of concern for quite some time. He was carefully used during India’s Test series against Australia last month by Walsh and even against India’s first practice match against Holland here earlier this week, he played a minimal role.
To add to Oltmans’ worries, Rupinderpal did not travel to the stadium with the rest of the team, instead preferring to rest at the hotel. The drag-flicker has emerged as one of the mainstays of the Indian team. His accuracy from set-pieces and assured defending has won him many admirers. His teammates, however, were confident of him being fit for Saturday’s match. “It’s just the weather. He should be fine,” a player said.
Still recovering from Walsh’s sudden exit, the absence of two key continued…

Champions Trophy 2014: Enlightened Hockey India proposes three cities for WCWritten by Mihir Vasavda | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: December 5, 2014 11:57 am
The uneasy silence inside the dusty Kalinga Sports Complex is abruptly broken by what appears to be a minor scuffle outside the rear entrance. A group of young college students have bunked their last lectures just to make it in time for India’s practice session. Along with a few other hockey aficionados, they are around 50 of them. But the security guards won’t let them in. It’s a closed practice session, not meant for the general public. But the students wouldn’t have any of it. They try to jump over the 10-foot high wall, just to catch a glimpse of the national team.
Looking at the excitement among the locals, it’s easy to understand why Hockey India has been keen to bring major tournaments to the smaller centres. In Delhi and other major cities, they’ve had trouble getting people for the main tournament, let alone practice sessions.
But as they learnt over the last few days, hosting a large-scale tournament at these centres comes with its own sets of challenges. Such are the logistical hurdles the organisers have had to face in the build up to the Champions Trophy, which begins here on Saturday, that Hockey India seems to have made up its mind to host the 2018 World Cup in three different cities instead of the original plan of conducting it only in Bhubaneswar.
While the stadium is fit to host international tournaments, lack of infrastructure has been the biggest deterrent. “The number of hotels here is less because the city is quite small. For this tournament, we have just eight teams but still we have had trouble finding the right kind of accommodation for them. Take into account the VIPs and the media, it further adds to the problem,” a Hockey India official said.
Apart from hotel rooms, transportation has been another logistical nightmare. The organisers had difficulty in procuring enough buses and cars for the eight teams. “If we are having such trouble for an eight-nation tournament, there is no way we can host a 16-team event in one city,” the official added.
While Hockey India had been mulling the three-city formula for quite some time, the Champions Trophy experience seems to have firmed up their mind. They have proposed the idea to the International Hockey Federation (FIH), who have been positive about it. Apart from Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh and New Delhi are the two other venues proposed.

Navy Day celebrations at Gateway of Indiapicture  others
Navy Day celebrations at Gateway of India
The Indian Navy observes December 4 every year as Navy Day to commemorate the glorious victory of the Indian Navy in the Indo-Pak War of 1971 and to salute the valiant heroes who brought the country this moment of pride. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Navy personnel perform at the beating retreat during the Navy Day celebration at Gateway of India in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
On the Navy Day, President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday heaped praise on the maritime force and saluted its personnel for their "impregnable spirit" and "utmost devotion". (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Navy officials attending the Navy Day celebrations at the Gateway of India, Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
In his message, Modi said, "On #NavyDay, I salute our Navy personnel and the impregnable spirit & utmost devotion with which they protect our Motherland." (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
The two leaders along with Vice President Hamid Ansari, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also attended a reception hosted by Navy Chief Admiral R K Dhowan. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Pranab Mukherjee, who is also the Supreme Commander of the defence forces, said the Navy has countered effectively growing challenges and maintained constant vigil at sea. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
President Mukherjee complimented the Navy for successful induction of indigenously constructed warships and submarines and its integration of Indian-made equipment and systems, saying it "symbolise India's growing maritime capabilities and quest for strategic self-reliance." (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Indian Navy fleet on Navy Day celebrations. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Related

Postgame: Caps not flashy  but escaped with needed road winBy Alex Prewitt December 5 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Gerry Broome)
RALEIGH, N.C. – There were cheers coming from the visiting locker room here late Thursday night, not sighs of relief. The Washington Capitals passed their victory top hat and beard to forward Jay Beagle. They applauded a busted two-game losing streak. They fled from PNC Arena and boarded a plane to New Jersey.
“We have our game plan very well understood, of what we want to do on the road,” goaltender Braden Holtby said. “It’s not a flashy game. You grind it out. You don’t have to be flashy on the road. You’re not trying to impress anyone. You’re just trying to get two points and we did that tonight.”
An early goal from forward Jay Beagle and a late one from forward Eric Fehr helped the Capitals escape with a 2-1 victory, with plenty of slop to uncover in the process. Washington lost a third-period lead and came within an acrobatic Holtby stop, one forward Jason Chimera later called “one of the best saves I’ve seen for a long time,” of falling to the NHL’s last team to win a game.
Instead, the Capitals scored their first regulation road win when scoring two goals or fewer since March 2012 . They tasted success after allowing six power play goals to Vancouver and Toronto and did not even need their penalty kill against the Hurricanes. It was, they felt, a necessary building block if they want to make good on their hopes of turning their season around this month.
“We needed to get a win and to play on the road, get a win, makes everybody a lot happier, makes the plane ride a lot better,” Fehr said.
With the New York Rangers idle, the Capitals moved into a tie for third place in the Metropolitan Division, a position that won’t mean much until the calendar turns and the true playoff push begins. But they viewed a road-heavy December as critical to attaining those goals, with 13 of 14 games coming against Eastern Conference foes. And, with the Rangers, Islanders and Penguins looming at month’s end, each an appetizer to the Winter Classic, beating teams below them in the standings had become a must.
“Sometimes you have to grind it out, and tonight we did,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “Credit to the guys. A good response by them.”
Two aggressive forechecks gave Washington its two goals, Trotz’s latest point of emphasis in his quest to “not be easy to play against.” Early in the first period, Chimera’s presence was enough for defenseman Michael Jordan to lose the puck and create a foot race into the Hurricanes’ zone. Chimera’s initial shot bounced off goaltender Anton Khudobin’s glove and Jay Beagle slapped the rebound back into the net.
“That’s the key to any sport really,” Holtby said. “You score first or get points first, your odds of winning go way up. That early in the game, I think that’s something we really wanted to improve on, was our starts in the first 10 minutes. We got that early goal from our energy line. That does a lot for team morale, gets the blood pumping, gets everyone into the game.”
Fehr’s goal, with just over four minutes left in the game, unfolded in similar fashion. Center Riley Nash lost the puck just as Carolina entered its breakout, so Fehr took off in the opposite direction. He absorbed a slashing penalty that never altered his path. A simple wrist flick zoomed the puck into the top shelf.
“I definitely take a lot of pride in keeping pucks in the zone, knocking pucks away, this time it worked out where I was able to retrieve it and get a big goal,” Fehr said.
In between, Holtby and the Capitals withstood a strong night from Nash and Gerbe, both of whom finished with a Fenwick-for rate, which measures unblocked shot differential – at 70 percent of higher, blocked 28 total shots and had 13 takeaways. They survived a third-period goal from old teammate Alexander Semin, his first of the season, and Holtby’s save helped prevent Khudobin from getting his first win of 2014-15.
“That’s what you need on the road,” Chimera said.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

China could spoil India s FII party; like banks: Udayan08:00 am
It has been a year of stellar bull run for Indian equities. The long-term India growth story backed by the new government’s efforts to turnaround the economy is selling among foreign investors like hot cakes. According to CNBC-TV18’s Udayan Mukherjee, the inflow of foreign funds into the Indian market is likely to continue next year as well. While there is no evidence or cue in sight that FIIs will back out of India in a hurry, China could spoil the FII party for India, he cautioned.  
China's outperformance against peers is getting more pronounced now. Foreign investors have made money both in India and China, so a portfolio shift from India to China seems to be the only worry, he said. Start of the next year better would be a better time to analyse FII flows, but one should keep an eye on China, he added.
According to a HSBC report, foreign institutional investors pumped USD 5.3 billion in Asian equities in the month of November, out of which India attracted USD 1.4 billion. However, China reclaimed the top slot as the 'most loved' market, pushing India down to second position in the region.
Meanwhile, Mukherjee recommends traders to follow the market trend with caution. For investors, he suggests shuffling portfolios. The broader market is performing better. Stick to high quality stocks and buy on dips, he added.  Further, passive investors can consider index funds.
On sectors, he is bullish on banks and high quality consumer-driven stocks. These sectors have started outperforming the market in the past few trading sessions. Global investors always look to buy banks. One will rarely find a FII portfolio without banks, he added.
The ongoing fall in global crude oil price has triggered a rally in tyre, paints and other stocks that use this commodity as a raw material. According to Mukherjee, the tyre and paint stocks have run-up too much and large part of the rally is already in the price already. However, he sees some more juice in oil marketing companies (OMCs) from a valuation perspective.
As far as global cues are concerned, he is closely watching the developments in Europe.
For the complete analysis watch the accompanying video
RELATED NEWS

Sturdy U.S. payroll gains eyed  but wages still tepidU.S. housing starts fall, but trend points to recovery
By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters
Land Price
U.S. housing starts fell in November as groundbreaking for single-family homes declined after two hefty increases, in what appeared to be a brief pause in a gradual recovery trend.
Starts dropped 1.6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.028 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. October's starts were revised up to a 1.045 million-unit pace.
8
Despite November's fall, groundbreaking is up 7.7 percent compared to the first 11 months of 2013. Starts have averaged a 990,000-unit pace so far this year, up from an average 930,000-unit rate last year.
"It is hard to complain about the housing sector," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania. "The U.S. economy is on an accelerating growth path that should continue for quite some time. We don't need a robust housing market to drive growth."
Wall Street had forecast starts rising at a pace of 1.04 million units from October's previously reported pace of 1.01 million units.
@jhanzel thanks for pointing that out in the summer of recovery part 6
j blome
5
In a separate report, financial data firm Markit said its preliminary or "flash" U.S. Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index fell to 53.7 in December, the lowest reading in 11 months, from 54.8 in November.
While the survey hints at slowing factory activity, so-called hard data such as industrial production have painted a bullish picture of the manufacturing sector and showed little sign that a sputtering global economy and crude oil price rout were having an impact on American factories.
U.S. stocks were up sharply in volatile trading and prices for U.S. Treasury debt rose. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies.    Housing is being stymied by tepid wage growth, which has been far outpaced by home price increases. Higher mortgage rates are also a constraint, although they have declined from a peak reached in September 2013.
A very slow pace of household formation also is a challenge. High unemployment among young adults is forcing many to either continue living at home with their parents or share quarters with friends or relatives.
Household formation is currently running at about 500,000 a year, far below the more than 1 million mark that would signal a robust housing market.
But with job growth accelerating, wages are expected to pick up next year and pull in first-time buyers, especially young people, into the housing market, providing a tailwind for the economy. Housing has been a mild boost to growth so far in 2014.
"We believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provides a crucial second wind to the economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Single-family homes starts, the largest part of the market, fell 5.4 percent. Groundbreaking in the volatile multi-family homes segment rose 6.7 percent after October's 9.9 percent drop.
Permits for future home construction declined 5.2 percent, the biggest drop since January, to a 1.035 million-unit pace after two straight months of gains.
Permits, which lead starts by three to four months, have been above a 1 million-unit pace since July. Both single-family and multi-family permits fell.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Paul Simao)

GSPC Gas cuts PNG prices for second consecutive monthBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
GSPC Gas Company Ltd on Thursday reduced the price of natural gas being supplied to industrial units in Gujarat by one rupee per standard cubic meter or SCM.
This is the second consecutive month, when GSPC Gas — a subsidiary of state-run Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) has scaled down the prices of piped natural gas being supplied for industries. In November, the company had scaled down the prices by Rs 2 per SCM.
“The prices have been revised taking into account the international price of gas,” stated an official release. The latest revision will come into effect from December 16, 2014. After the revision, the prices per SCM of natural gas will stand at Rs 38.65 (without taxes).
GSPC Gas supplies 3.8-4 mmscmd (million metric standard cubic meter per day) of PNG to over 1900 industrial customers in Gujarat.
TAGS: GSPC Gas PNG Price
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

MCFL shares surge over 15% on Zuari open offerMCFL shares surge over 15 percent on Zuari open offer to buy 3 crore shares
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 13:21 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCFL) surged over 15 per cent on Friday after Zuari Group, led by industrialist Saroj Poddar, took the decision to spend up to Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in the United Breweries (UB) Group firm through a new open offer .
MCFL's shares surged 14.16 per cent to Rs 98.35 a piece on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), while at the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the scrip gained 15.62 per cent to Rs 99.90 a piece.
"ICICI Securities, manager to the open offer, has submitted to the BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals...," the company said in a stock exchange filing.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's Thursday closing price of Rs 86.15.
MCFL on Thursday also announced the appointment of Vijay Mallya 's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the fertiliser company with immediate effect, within days of liquor baron Mallya's resignation (on December 1) as MCFL director.
The MCFL scrip was trading at Rs 92.15 a piece, up 6 points (or 6.96 per cent) in afternoon trade on the BSE.
(Reuters)

Darren Lehmann hopeful for Michael Clarke  might feature in Adelaide TestBy: Reuters | Melbourne |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:06 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:07 pm
Australia captain Michael Clarke retains a chance of playing in next week’s first Test against India but must prove his fitness with a positive training session, coach Darren Lehmann said on Friday.
Clarke has struggled with a third hamstring injury in three months, with his latest rehabilitation disrupted by the tragic death of team mate Phillip Hughes .
Lehmann said Clarke would join the squad in Adelaide later on Friday, and would be back in training the following day.
“As long as he’s fine to do the running and can bat (he’ll play),” Lehmann told reporters in Adelaide.
“We’ll get him batting tomorrow(on Saturday) and see how he goes. It’ll be case of if he’s fine, he’ll play. We’ll just have to wait and see.
“We’ll be guided by medical staff, the captain himself, selectors. We’ll get together and assess what the plan is tomorrow(on Saturday).”
Following Hughes’ funeral in his home-town of Macksville , New South Wales on Wednesday, 33-year-old Clarke stayed with the family for a private cremation on Thursday.
Lehmann wrote in a newspaper column that grieving players would be granted leave to miss the first Test of the four-match series if they did not feel up to it.
He told reporters there were contingencies in place if anyone dropped out, but was tight-lipped about them.
“Only time will tell but I’m sure they will be fine,” he said. “They are looking forward to getting out there and playing cricket.”
Batsman Hughes died in hospital two days after being severely injured by a short-pitched delivery, prompting a debate about whether they should be banned or limited further.
Lehmann said he fully expected players in the first Test, starting on Tuesday, to face a bouncer at some stage.
“It is a case of getting back to what they want to do and that’s playing cricket,” he added.

Jacques Kallis to return to Kolkata Knight Riders  as mentorBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:26 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 3:24 pm
After four seasons as player, celebrated South African all-rounder Jacques Kallis will now be seen as a mentor and batting consultant for IPL franchise Kolkata Knight Riders.
“Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) announced on Friday that the legendary Jacques Kallis has decided to continue his association with the franchise in a different role as a Mentor and batting consultant,” the franchise said in statement.
Kallis has been with KKR for four years from 2011 and played a big role in KKR’s Success as IPL champions in 2012 and 2014 as well as runner-up in the Champions League T20, 2014.
“KKR has been my Indian family for the last four years. I have built fantastic relationships with the management and the players and have been very fortunate to assist KKR in winning two IPL Championships,” Kallis said.
“Over the past year I have had a chance to think about my future and when KKR approached me with this long-term offer, I jumped at it. KKR is a great brand and am really looking forward to assisting them in my new role as mentor &batting consultant.”
Kallis said he would continue playing in leagues outside.
“I had signed a two year contract with Sydney Thunder for 2014 and 2015 and have also committed to playing in The Caribbean Premier League next year. These commitments were made prior to concluding my new role with KKR,” he said.
Commenting on this development, Venky Mysore, CEO and MD of KKR said, “We are honored to start a long-term relationship with Jacques in a different role as mentor and batting consultant and benefit from everything he brings to KKR.”

Sensex  Nifty slip into red; IT  oil pharma laggardsDec 05, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty slip into red; IT, oil & pharma laggards
IT stocks TCS, Infosys and Wipro are down 1-2 percent each. Among other losers include Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC. Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, Tata Power and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty slip into red; IT, oil & pharma laggards
IT stocks TCS, Infosys and Wipro are down 1-2 percent each. Among other losers include Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC. Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, Tata Power and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm Price rise?  Bajaj Auto is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs. The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
"We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far," Bajaj Auto Ltd President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas told PTI.
The company has, however, not yet decided on the quantum of the price hike, he added. "We have'nt decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead," Vas said.
1:30 pm Interview: RK Jain, Group President Finance, Uflex in an interview to CNBC-TV18 said there will be no major impact on margins from crude derivatives. Neither does he expect exceptional jump in profits because there's being a pass through industry, both fall or rise in raw material costs is passed on to the consumers. So, this time too the benefits of crude derivatives will be passed on, says Jain.
However, only if there is too much volatility in the raw material costs then it becomes a bit difficult to pass though and causes problems in fixing the prices of products, he adds.
Jain says 85-90 percent of raw material costs for the company are on account of crude derivatives.
Don't miss: SAIL slips as OFS kicks off, Macquarie maintains underperform 
The market has slipped into red as IT stocks drag. The Sensex is down 61.06 points at 28501.76, and the Nifty is down 15.80 points at 8548.60. About 1391 shares have advanced, 1319 shares declined, and 123 shares are unchanged.
IT stocks TCS, Infosys and Wipro are down 1-2 percent each. Among other losers include Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC. Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, Tata Power and L&T are top gainers in the Sensex.
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a faster pace than China in November, even as emerging market output slipped for the second consecutive month to a six-month low, a HSBC survey said today. The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from PMI surveys, slipped for the second month running to 51.2, signalling the weakest rate of expansion since May. 
12:00

Bajaj Discover  Platina bikes may cost more from JanuaryBajaj Auto may hike prices of Discover, Platina models from January
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 14:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bajaj Auto may raise prices of its Platina and Discover models from January in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
Besides these two, the company also sells the Pulsar, Avenger and Ninja models.
"We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far," Bajaj Auto President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas told PTI. "We haven't decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One...the sales performance and second, excise duty structure going ahead," he added.
When asked about the reasons for the proposed hike in prices of the two models, Vas said: "Our vendors have taken a hit because of the minimum wages of workers that have gone up considerably... Power cost has also gone up considerably, affecting all of us."
He added that even the company's rivals in the domestic market have gone for price hikes across their product portfolios this year.
Bajaj Auto, which saw its motorcycle sales decline by 6 per cent at 2,61,948 units in November 2014, expects the industry to stay subdued in December as well.
"December is not going to be different from November in terms of sales. We expect December sales to witness a decline as compared to same period of last year," Vas said.
Pune-based Bajaj Auto had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.

State Bank of India cuts deposit rates by 0.25 per centIndian rupee slips past psychological $63 mark to hit 13-month low
Country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent, making it the third bank after private sector rivals, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, to reduce deposit rates this week.
The bank, which has already affected rate cuts in the short-term maturities of up to a year in two moves over the past few months, today reduced the rates for deposits of over one year.
Under the revised pricing applicable from Monday, a deposit in the bank for over one year but less than five years will fetch an interest of 8.50 per cent as against the earlier 8.75 per cent.
For deposits of five years and above, the rate has been reduced to 8.25 per cent as against the earlier 8.50 per cent, the bank said in a filing to the exchanges.
The review is for retail deposits of under Rs 1 crore, the bank said.
The move comes a day after two private sector banks announced cuts of up to 0.50 per cent in maturities of up to one year.
State-run IDBI Bank had also yesterday announced 0.50 per cent cut in deposit rates for maturities starting from 6 months to 20 years.
The moves are important as these are generally a precursor to a drop in borrowing rates.
It comes within days of Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan going public with his disappointment on banks for not transmitting the policy actions to the general public through lending rate cuts.
The Governor had said there has been a fall in rates in the money markets due to a variety of reasons, including an expectation that the RBI will become more accommodative in the future, but the banks’ rates are not reflecting the same.
SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya had said, “Banks get very little resources from the money market. For instance, SBI does not have a single CD (Certificate of Deposit) in the market and so to that extent the rates coming down in the money market won’t really impact us. Therefore, there is no question of transmission.”
TAGS: State Bank Of India
More from bankingampfinance

Bajaj Auto mulls price hike for Discover  Platina models from JanBMW, Mercedes shift gears
Bajaj Auto is looking to raise prices of its two models – Platina and Discover – from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
“We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far,” Bajaj Auto Ltd President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas said.
The company has, however, not yet decided on the quantum of the price hike, he added.
“We have’nt decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead,” Vas said.
When asked about the reasons for the proposed hike in prices of the two models, Vas said: “Our vendors have taken a hit because of the minimum wages of workers that have gone up considerably and secondly power cost has also gone up considerably, affecting all of us.”
He added that even the company’s rivals in the domestic market have gone for price hikes across their product portfolios this year.
The company, which saw its motorcycle sales decline by 6 per cent at 2,61,948 units in November 2014, expects the industry to stay subdued in December as well.
“December is not going to be different from November in terms of sales. We expect December sales to witness a decline as compared to same period of last year,” Vas said.
Besides, Platina and Discover, the company also sells models like Pulsar, Avenger and Ninja.
TAGS: Bajaj Auto
More from automobiles

Lawsuit: College used strippers to lure studentsprint
A for-profit Florida college used exotic dancers as admissions officers, falsified documents and coached students to lie on financial forms as it fraudulently obtained millions of dollars in federal money, according to a federal lawsuit filed in Miami.
On at least one of its seven campuses, FastTrain College "purposely hired attractive women and sometimes exotic dancers and encouraged them to dress provocatively while they recruited young men in neighborhoods to attend FastTrain," according to an ongoing civil lawsuit. The Florida attorney general and the US attorney in Miami announced Wednesday that they were joining the lawsuit against the now-defunct FastTrain and former owner Alejandro Amor, 56.
Amor was criminally indicted in October and faces pending charges of conspiracy and theft of government money. A telephone message left at a listing for Amor wasn't immediately returned.
The complaint says Miami-based FastTrain and Amor bilked the US department of education out of millions of dollars with falsified grant applications from at least January 2009 through June 2012, when the school closed after an FBI raid.
The school is accused of falsifying high school diplomas for students who didn't have them. Because they never graduated from high school, the lawsuit contends the students wouldn't have qualified for student aid.
To access taxpayer dollars, the school needed first-time students to attend class for at least 30 days. If they didn't, FastTrain falsified attendance records or backdated the enrollment so they could collect the money quicker, the lawsuit says.
The growth of for-profit colleges, which are governed by private organizations or corporations, has been explosive in Florida and across the country. As the schools have grown, numerous whistle-blower lawsuits have been filed against them by ex-employees.

Bajaj mulls price hike for Discover Platina models from JanDec 05, 2014, 03.39 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Bajaj mulls price hike for Discover,Platina models from Jan
The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bajaj mulls price hike for Discover,Platina models from Jan
The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
Post your opinion here
 
Bajaj Auto  is looking to raise prices of its two models - Platina and Discover - from next month in order to partially offset increase in input costs.
The Pune-based company had earlier raised prices of its Pulsar model range by Rs 1,000 at the end of festival season this year.
"We plan to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far," Bajaj Auto Ltd President (Motorcycle) Eric Vas told PTI. The company has, however, not yet decided on the quantum of the price hike, he added.
"We have'nt decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead," Vas said.
When asked about the reasons for the proposed hike in prices of the two models, Vas said: "Our vendors have taken a hit because of the minimum wages of workers that have gone up considerably and secondly power cost has also gone up considerably, affecting all of us."
He added that even the company's rivals in the domestic market have gone for price hikes across their product portfolios this year.
The company, which saw its motorcycle sales decline by 6 percent at 2,61,948 units in November 2014, expects the industry to stay subdued in December as well.
"December is not going to be different from November in terms of sales. We expect December sales to witness a decline as compared to same period of last year," Vas said. Besides, Platina and Discover, the company also sells models like Pulsar, Avenger and Ninja.
RELATED NEWS

Government maligning entire community in effort to defend an individual: MayawatiHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sensex falls 104.72 points to end at 28 458.10; Nifty closes at 8 538.30Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Six policemen injured in attack by dacoitsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Real estate: An industry built on black moneyHi Guest
Real estate: An industry built on black money
As real estate is about a tenth of the Indian economy, the extent of black money floating around in the sector is huge - many times more than what is said to be stashed away abroad, says Bhupesh Bhandari.  Photograph: Reuters   The Noida neighbourhood where I stay has finally made it to prime-time television.   People from Delhi and Gurgaon want to be shown around.   Friends and family from distant cities want to know if everything they have been watching on television and reading in ...

Sebi finds 22 PSUs violating norms; SBI files for settlementThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex  Nifty extend losses for 2nd dayThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jyoti is from a village  forgive her for hate speech: PM ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

Maharashtra: Fadnavis inducts 5 Shiv Sena cabinet ministersWeeks after squabbling over allocation of portfolios, the Shiv Sena on Friday formally joined the BJP government in Maharashtra led by chief minister Devendra Fadnavis. The decision on allocation of portfolios was not taken till late Friday night.
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis along with Shiv Sena ministers during their swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Ten Shiv Sena ministers, including five of cabinet rank and five of minister of state rank, took oath in the first expansion of the Fadnavis ministry on Friday. Ten BJP ministers - five of cabinet rank and five of minister of state rank - were also inducted.
This expansion took the total strength of the ministry to 30, including the chief minister. Fadnavis was sworn in at the head of a 10-member ministry October 31.
This is the second time after the 1995 that a Sena-BJP government will be ruling the state.
While the BJP focused on the regional and social balance while inducting new ministers, the Sena chose to offer Mumbai and Thane more representation in the senior ranks. The BJP has two members in the upper House and the Sena has three senior members and one- Subhash Desai- who is not a member of either Houses.
In the recent assembly polls, Desai had lost to BJP's Vidya Thakur, already an MoS in Fadnavis' team. Sena hopes to get him elected to the legislative council within six months.
Governor CV Rao administered the oath of office and secrecy to all the 20 ministers at a ceremony held on the lawns of the Maharashtra Legislature building in Nariman Point.
Prominent among those who took oath as ministers included Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's trusted aides Subhash Desai and Deepak Sawant. Senior BJP legislators Girish Bapat and Girish Mahajan also took oath on Friday.
Cabinet ministers who took the oath were: Girish Bapat (BJP), Girish Mahajan (BJP),  Chandrashekhar Bawankule (BJP), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Rajkumar Badole (BJP), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS) and Dr Deepak Sawant (SS).
Ministers of state sworn in were: Ram Shinde (BJP), Vijay Deshmukh (BJP), Raje Amrish Atram (BJP), Dr Ranjit Patil (BJP) and Pravin Pote (BJP), Dr. Ravindra Waikar (SS), Sanjay Rathod (Shiv Sena), Dada Bhuse (SS), Vijay Shivtare (SS) and Deepak Kesarkar (SS).
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray attended the swearing-in ceremony along with his family members and senior party leaders.
Earlier on Friday morning, Shiv Sena's Eknath Shinde tendered his resignation as Leader of Opposition as his party moved to the treasury benches.
Two more Sena ministers are expected to take oath during the next cabinet expansion, possibly after the winter session of the state legislature.
With the Sena joining the Fadnavis government, it will cross the majority mark of 145 seats in the assembly. The BJP has 121 MLAs and will get 63 seats from the Sena and the cross the magic figure comfortably.
However, BJP's allies- Republican Party of India (RPI), Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathana and Rashtriya Samaj Paksha - who had supported the party during the assembly elections, were unhappy for being left out of the government.
The BJP assured them that in the next few weeks there will be another cabinet expansion, in which about 8-10 legislators will be inducted in the government. "Smaller parties will be inducted in the next expansion that will take place soon," Fadnavis said after the oath ceremony on Friday.
Unlike their first government in 1995, this government does not have a deputy chief minister though the Sena, with 63 MLAs, had demanded the post in exchange of supporting the BJP's minority government. The BJP had rejected the demand and also refused to part with key portfolios to the Sena which has been sitting in the Opposition since November 10.
The Sena has been given lesser important departments such as public health, environment, industry, transport or excise and Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation, an undertaking of the PWD.
The Sena MOS, who took oath on Friday, will assist the ally's cabinet ministers. Fadnavis will split the clubbed portfolios kept with him and other ministers to the BJP's five newly inducted cabinet ministers.

Typhoon Hagupit set to lash Philippines  thousands flee homesTyphoon Hagupit to lash Philippines, thousands flee
Reuters
print
Tens of thousands of people fled coastal villages and landslide-prone areas in the central Philippines on Friday, as typhoon Hagupit bore down on eastern coasts of the island nation where thousands were killed in a devastating storm last year.
Ports were shut across the archipelago, leaving more than 2,000 travellers stranded in the capital Manila, the central Bicol region and Mindanao island in the south, after the coastguard suspended sea travel ahead of the typhoon.
Philippine Airlines and Cebu Pacific cancelled some of their flights to central and southern Philippines. Areas yet to recover from last year's category 5 "super typhoon" Haiyan, also known in the Philippines as Typhoon Yolanda, could be in the firing line again, the local weather bureau said.
"It's better to evacuate early... We don't want to experience what we went through during Yolanda," said Gigi Calne, a housewife seeking shelter with about 3,000 others at a school in Basey, in Samar province, in central Philippines. "It was difficult to save our family and ourselves because we moved too late."
Haiyan, one of the strongest typhoons ever to make landfall, left more than 7,000 dead or missing and more than 4 million homeless or with damaged houses when it tore through the central Philippines in November 2013.
Hagupit was churning slowly across the Pacific on Friday, with the eye of the storm around 435 km (270 miles) southeast of the Philippines, the weather bureau said, packing winds of up to 215 kph (130 mph) near the centre with gusts of up to 250 kph.
It was expected to slam into Eastern Samar or Northern Samar provinces in the central Philippines on Saturday afternoon, bringing torrential rain and 4- to 5-metre high storm surges, the weather bureau said.
About 10 million residents of the Bicol and Eastern Visayas regions of the central Philippines are at risk of flooding, storm surges and strong winds. AccuWeather Global Weather Center said more than 30 million people would feel the impact of the typhoon across the Philippines.
Eastern Samar and the island of Leyte were worst-hit by 250 kph winds and storm surges brought by Haiyan. About 25,000 people still live in tents, shelters and bunkhouses more than a year later.
In Tacloban City, Leyte, which accounted for about half of the death toll from Haiyan, about 19,000 people from coastal villages thronged into 26 evacuation centres, said Ildebrando Bernadas of the city's disaster office.
"We are expecting to double that once we implement forced evacuations," Bernadas said, adding about 95 percent of residents from coastal areas have been evacuated.
While the local weather bureau and the Japan Meteorological Agency predicted Hagupit making a direct hit on the central Philippines, Tropical Storm Risk, which tracks cyclones, and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center of the US Navy showed the storm veering north, closer to the capital Manila.
Mario Montejo, the Philippines Science and Technology Secretary, said the differences in the forecasting models were due to methodologies used, but said the actual track of the typhoon hews close to the local weather bureau's model.
Tropical Storm Risk downgraded the typhoon to a category 4 on Friday - a level below "super typhoon" but still a very powerful storm - and forecast it would have weakened to category 3 by the time it made landfall.
Video: Philippines residents flee homes ahead of Typhoon Hagupit

15 blinded after undergoing eye surgery in Punjab15 blinded after undergoing eye surgery in Punjab
Aseem Bassi , Hindustan Times  Amritsar, December 04, 2014
First Published: 22:10 IST(4/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:56 IST(5/12/2014)
A police investigation was ordered after 15 elderly patients from Amritsar lost their vision after undergoing an operation in an eye camp conducted by a non-government organisation in neighbouring Gurdaspur district last week.
A patient who lost her eyesight after undergoing surgery in the eye camp. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
“All 15 patients have gone completely blind and there is no chance of their eyesight getting restored,” Amritsar civil surgeon Rajiv Bhalla told Hindustan Times on Thursday night.
All the patients belong to Gagomahal village in Ajnala, about 40 km from Amritsar.
The Amritsar district administration came to know about the shocking incident on Wednesday when the patients were brought to deputy commissioner Ravi Bhagat by members of the Kisan Sangharash Samiti. On Friday, Bhagat asked the Gurdaspur district administration to file an FIR.
Most of the patients are residents of Gaggo Mahal village near Ajnala. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo) 
Bhagat referred the patients to the Government Medical College and Hospital in Amritsar, where tests by eye specialists revealed that all 15 had lost their vision due to a severe post-operation infection.
The camp was held in Ghuman village of Gurdaspur district by an NGO called Guru Nanak Foundation in the last week of November.
“We have no clue about the NGO that organised the eye camp as neither I nor my Gurdaspur counterpart gave any permission to hold this camp,” Dr Bhalla said.
The patients have now been admitted in Dr Ram Lal Eye and ENT Hospital at Majitha Road in Amritsar. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
While Bhagat has ordered an inquiry, he has written to the Gurdaspur district administration to register a first information report (FIR).
“We will act on the basis of the Amritsar civil surgeon’s probe,” the Gurdaspur deputy commissioner confirmed to HT.

Ajit Seth stays as cabinet secy for another 6 monthsAjit Seth stays as cabinet secy for 6 months more
Mahesh Langa , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, December 05, 2014
First Published: 13:04 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:41 IST(6/12/2014)
Cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth, the country’s top civil servant, will continue in the job for another six months, with the government Friday giving him an extension.
An auto-rickshaw drives past the country's seat of power North Block, in New Delhi. AP Photo/Manish Swarup
Seth, whose term was to end December 13, will now serve till June 13, 2015. This is the second time that the Modi government has asked the 63-year-old officer to stay on. The UPA government, too, had extended his tenure by a year.
“The PM cleared his extension for six months. The extension is meant to give continuity,” an official with the prime minister’s office told HT.
The decision makes finance secretary Rajiv Mehrishi, who was brought to Centre from Rajasthan, the frontrunner for the top position.
“The move to give extension to Seth will ensure senior bureaucrats like Madhav Lal, secretary micro, small and medium enterprises, and Alok Rawat, secretary, administrative reforms, are out of Mehrishi’s way,” a secretary in the government said.
Lal retires in June. Rawat, the senior-most officer after Seth, is expected to move to Sikkim soon as chief secretary. He steps down in July, sources said.
Power secretary PK Sinha, whose service ends the same month, too, has a shot at the post but Mehrishi remains the favourite. “The race is effectively between Sinha and Mehrishi. Another contender, petroleum secretary Saurabh Chandra, will also be out of contention as he retires in April,” the secretary said.
The government is to soon name the intelligence bureau (IB) director, sources said. Dineshwar Sharma, a special director with the internal spy agency, was the top contender, sources said.

How immigration reform is winning  even while its still losingBy Aaron Blake December 5 Follow @aaronblakewp
Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) listens to Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) as he speaks to the press about the need "To Defund the President's Executive, Unconstitutional Amnesty" on Capitol Hill in Washington, Dec. 3, 2014. King, Bachmann and Cruz say that President Obama has violated the U.S. Constitution by moving to shield some 4.7 million undocumented residents from deportation. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas (UNITED STATES - Tags: POLITICS BUSINESS SOCIETY IMMIGRATION)
We here are The Fix are pretty convinced that comprehensive immigration reform isn't happening any time soon . Republicans in Congress, quite simply, don't feel comfortable voting for a path to citizenship when much of their base -- a vocal majority, if not always an actual majority -- is dead-set against it.
But that isn't the only thing that matters. And in fact, there is reason to believe there is increasing impetus for doing something on immigration -- at least among the American people, if not Congress.
The Public Religion Research Institute has been asking people for years to rate this country's immigration system, on a scale from "completely broken" to "generally working." And for all the failures of comprehensive reform advocates of both parties, you can at least say this: They have convinced Americans that there is indeed a problem.
In March 2010, 54 percent of Americans said the immigration system was broken -- either "completely broken" or "broken but working in some areas."
Today, that number has steadily risen to a whopping 71 percent. And just 26 percent say the system can generally be characterized as "working," down from 41 percent in 2010.
Now, "broken" is a pretty broad statement. And just because you think the immigration system is broken doesn't mean you want a path to legal status or citizenship. We're guessing plenty of folks think it's broken because of insecure borders. (Though, we would point out that those borders were even more porous a few years back, before the recession, so that doesn't really explain the shift.)
If nothing else, this poll suggests that the issue is gaining recognition. Until that recognition turns into urgency, though, Republicans will continue to side with their base. For now, even many people who think the system is broken are far too casual about it to actually force Congress to act. It's just not a priority for them.
In other words, despite the overwhelming acknowledgment that the system is "broken," don't hold your breath.
Speaker of the House John Boehner urged passage of a bill to condemn President Obama's action on immigration during a news conference on Thursday. (AP)
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Karnataka sugarcane farmers to file contempt of court case against millsKarnataka sugarcane farmers to file contempt of court case against mills
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Dec 05, 2014 05:08 PM IST
Fed up with the delay in payment of cane arrears by sugar mills in Karnataka, despite High Court directing them, the sugarcane farmers’ body is contemplating to file a ‘contempt of court’ case in the state high court. Sugar mills have kept pending payment of cane arrears amounting to Rs 1,803 crore for 2013-14.
On November 6, the Karnataka High Court had ordered sugar mills to pay Rs 2,500 per tonne cane price for 2013-14 as fixed by the state government. However, even after a month, sugar mills have not paid arrears. Instead of paying farmers’ arrears, sugar mills have approached the state government to give them a financial package.
The state government, which intervened in the matter, has told mills to pay arrears in two installments of Rs 200 each (most of the mills had paid Rs 2,100 per tonne last year and kept arrears of Rs 400 per tonne). It had asked them to pay Rs 200 per tonne immediately and gave them a moratorium of two years for the balance Rs 200 per tonne.
However, mills claimed that their financial position was not sound and asked the government to give them a financial package for the first instalment as well.
“Mills have started crushing after the government assured to waive purchase tax and value added tax for three years without even consulting sugarcane farmers. We are totally against the government’s direction to mills for payment of arrears in two instalments. It is a clear case of contempt of court because the high court had told mills to pay at once,” said Kurubur Shanthkumar, President, Karnataka Sugarcane Growers’ Association (KSGA).
He said the farmers’ body would file a contempt of court case in the high court if mills fail to make the payment immediately.
“The government and mills talked to each other and arrived at a solution convenient to mills. If the government had announced Rs 2,500 per tonne cane price during the assembly session in Belagavi one year ago. Now the government is holding session again in Belagavi next week. Farmers will lay siege to the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha (state secretariat) at Belagavi and protest,” Shanthkumar said.
He said the government also allowed mills to pay cane price for the current season on ex-mill basis, which is against the state advisory price (SAP) Act. Last year, out of 60 mills, 46 had paid ex-field price and had agreed to pay this year as well. “Farmers will not accept change in this formula and fight for payment of ex-field cane price,” he said.
It is expected that thousands of farmers will gather in front of the Vidhana Soudha in Belagavi and protest against the government’s changed policy stance, which is against the interests of farmers, Shanthkumar added.
Meanwhile, all 60 sugar mills have started crushing cane for the year 2014-15.

ICICI Bank: Return on equity set to improve to 18% by FY18ICICI Bank: Return on equity set to improve to 18% by FY18
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 10:26 PM IST
The best way to ride the economic growth cycle: Own banks. Even as public-sector lenders struggle with capital issues and stressed assets, private ones are ready to ride the expected pickup in investments. Armed with capital and low-cost deposits, private banks are set to service credit demand. Expecting growth and a rate cut, private lenders have returned 16 per cent over three months versus five per cent by the Sensex.
While most private banks command premium valuations, ICICI Bank, India's largest private bank, has been trading at a 30 per cent discount to peers on a price/book basis, due to its return on equity (RoE) profile. But the bank could report an upturn in its profile, analysts say, leading to an earnings upgrade. Its return on assets (RoA) continues lower than some peers and this has affected its RoE. Since the Lehman Brothers crisis, ICICI Bank has worked to cut costs and improve profits, Morgan Stanley says, yet its core RoA and RoE (15 per cent) are still weak. This stems from lower RoA and less capacity to lever the balance sheet. The brokerage expects the RoE to rise 18 per cent by FY18, driving a re-rating as macroeconomic conditions and liability franchise improve.
If the bank manages its capital better and RoE increases to 20 per cent, the returns could be better. Its RoA was 1.73 per cent in FY14, a rise from FY10’s 1.08 per cent. But HDFC Bank's RoA continues better than ICICI’s 1.90 per cent. RoE was 14.02 per cent for ICICI in FY14 compared to HDFC's 21.28 per cent. Deutsche Bank Market Research expects ICICI’s RoE to improve to 18 per cent by FY20 from 15 per cent.
Analysts are concerned about the bank's stressed assets. The bank expects the coming year to be better for assets on improving macroeconomic conditions.
Sharekhan said the bank expected the stressed loan formation lesser in FY15 vs FY14, and the credit cost limited to 90 basis points in FY15.
Any recovery in the economy or policy initiatives by the government will result in an improvement in the asset quality by FY16. The brokerage has revised its estimates and valuation multiple upwards (2.1x FY17 book value for ICICI stand-alone) on increasing visibility on the interest rates and a likely pickup in the economy.

Brent retreats near to $69 as price rout ext...Brent retreats near to $69 as price rout extends
By Reuters | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.43PM IST
Brent crude slipped towards $69 a barrel on Friday, on track to finish the week below $70 a barrel for the first time since 2010.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude slipped towards $69 a barrel on Friday, on track to finish the week below $70 a barrel for the first time since 2010, as cuts to official selling prices from Saudi Arabia helped hold oil near five-year lows.
Prices have tumbled by roughly 40 per cent since June, hitting their lowest in five years earlier this week, as the market grapples with oversupply as a result of the US shale boom and the recent decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries not to cut production.
Some analysts said the Saudi cuts to monthly prices for crude it sells to the United States and Asia show it is stepping up its battle for market share.
"It's been weighing on the market, showing that OPEC is not ready to end its price war," said Commerzbank analyst Eugen Weinberg. "The lower the better seems to be the new paradigm for OPEC."
The January Brent crude contract fell by 64 cents to $69 a barrel by 1146 GMT, on track for the ninth weekly loss in 10 weeks. US crude was down 54 cents at $66.27.
Investors are looking ahead to the US government's non-farm payrolls report for November, due at 1330 GMT. Expectations are that the US economy created 230,000 jobs last month.
US strength contrasts with the eurozone, where Germany's Bundesbank this week halved its 2015 growth forecasts for Europe's largest economy to 1 per cent.
At the same time, oversupply could rise next year when Iraq starts to export more oil as a result of an agreement between Baghdad and the Kurdish regional government.
Libya is also set to restart its largest oilfield, El Sharara, once a pipeline blockage is cleared.
The combined pressure is preventing Brent from rebounding from a near 13-per cent plunge last week.
The fall may put global oil and gas exploration projects worth more than $150 billion on hold next year, potentially curbing supply by the end of the decade.
Fatih Birol, chief economist with the International Energy Agency, said on Friday he sees oil prices rising to near $100 a barrel in the coming years. Analysts also expect oil prices to rebound in the next two years, averaging $82.50 a barrel in 2015, a Reuters poll showed.
But some said OPEC's recent decision not to cut production was still filtering through the market.
"If you look at prices over the last few days, oil is on a downward trajectory, it's almost a straight line," said Gareth Lewis-Davies, senior energy strategist at BNP Paribas, adding that the market is "still trying to get to grips with OPEC's decision not to cut oil production."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ensure high ethics  political neutrality: Govt tells employeesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The Lunchbox director Ritesh Batra sets his next in MumbaiagainBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:08 pm
After the success of his bittersweet love story ‘The Lunchbox’, director Ritesh Batra is writing his next film which is again set in Mumbai.
‘Lunchbox’, starring Irrfan, Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Nimrat Kaur, garnered much critical acclaim both in India and abroad, except for the controversy over it being overlooked as the Oscar entry from the country last year.
Batra has put the disappointment behind him as he feels film bodies and old guard in India will take time to understand how global cinema world works.
The director says his entire focus is now in telling stories that are rooted in India but are universal in their appeal. “I am writing my next film. No matter how big your last success was, the writing does not get easier. This process is really important for me. I want to begin shooting my film by next year, probably mid-2015. It is going to be a drama that is set in Mumbai,” Batra told PTI.
The director does not want to divulge the cast but says he would love to work with his ‘Lunchbox’ team again.
“One of the reasons why the film worked was the wonderful collaboration between these three actors. I would love to have any excuse to work with them again. But I am writing so I can’t say much about the cast,” he says.
Actress Nimrat Kaur bagged American TV drama ‘Homeland’ after playing the role of a lonely wife in Batra’s film. The director thinks she is one of the best parts of the espionage drama.
“I think she is the best thing about ‘Homeland’, she is really great in it. She is a tremendous talent and she gave so much to the part. It was just a matter of time before she got noticed for her talent. I am glad that it was through my film.”
As far as ‘Lunchbox’ is concerned, Batra says the film has been a blessing for everyone involved.
“The movie continues to travel to different places even now. It’s a lesson for me on how a good film speaks for itself. It was a blessing for all of us. ‘Lunchbox’ will live years from now. It is a gift for our careers,” he says.
The director, who is now a father, is not worried that his next film will be compared to ‘Lunchbox’.
“In arts, anything you do, comes from you. The three main characters in ‘Lunchbox’ are me in different ways. I am a different person now, I am a father and I care for different things. As a person you keep changing and so do your stories. You have to steal from your own life to write and make a movie so you have to care enough for it,” he says.

Amitabh Bachchan wraps up PikuPosted: December 5, 2014 6:06 pm
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has completed filming Shoojit Sircar’s directorial ‘Piku’.
“Confetti and cheers … applause and thank you pictures… crew photo opps and some emotions!! ‘PIKU’ shoot for me is done!,” Amitabh tweeted Friday.
Irrfan took to Twitter and shared a photograph in which he is seen hugging Big B and giving him a kiss on the cheek.
“@SrBachchan’s last day of the shoot for #PIKU# couldn’t resist, I had to kiss him,” Irrfan shared.
The movie, which also stars Deepika Padukone, will hit the screens April 30, 2015.

Award for Rohtak sisters put on holdUpdated: December 5, 2014 02:18 IST
Award for Rohtak sisters put on hold
Gaurav Vivek Bhatnagar
Photo shows two sisters beating up eve-teasers with a belt in a moving bus in Rohtak.
VIDEO
Haryana
Haryana government on Thursday decided to put on hold the award announced for the Rohtak sisters, who hogged limelight for thrashing three youth in a bus for allegedly molesting them, pending an inquiry.
In a major development, six women have come forward as witnesses to the November 29 incident and claimed before the police that it was not eve-teasing but a dispute over giving a seat to a woman that led to the incident. These women also got their statements recorded through affidavits with the Deputy Superintendent of Police Yashpal Khatana.
One of the witnesses had claimed in an affidavit that she had asked Kuldeep, one of the accused, to buy a ticket for an unwell woman from the counter when the bus was parked at Rohtak bus stand. "The two girls were already sitting on seat No. 8 which was allotted to the ill woman. He requested the girls to vacate the seat for the sick woman and even showed the ticket to them. Then, he told the sick woman to sit on some other seat but the girls became abusive," she claimed in the affidavit.
Earlier on Tuesday, another woman passenger claimed that the boys were not at fault.
Senior Superintendent of Police, Rohtak, Shashank Anand said the statement of all the women who have come forward has been recorded and the police also has with it the complaint of the sisters and the counter-complaint by the family of the three accused – Mohit, Kuldeep and Deepak. “We are investigating the matter and would proceed in accordance with law,” he said. The accused, who were nabbed on Sunday, were subsequently released on bail.
In the meantime, the Haryana Roadways staff at Sonepat and Gohana proceeded on a flash strike on Thursday to demand immediate revocation of the suspension of the driver and conductor of the bus in which the incident had taken place.
With questions being raised about the circumstances in which the sisters beat up the three accused boys in the bus, and a video also surfacing of their being involved in another recorded assault on alleged eve-teasers in a park a couple of months ago, the State Government has toned down its stand on the issue.

J&K: Terrorists who attacked Army fortification in Uri were heavily armed1
0
Srinagar: The group of six foreign terrorists who attacked an Army fortification in Uri sector of Jammu & Kashmir early on Friday morning were well equipped and heavily armed.
After a gun battle that killed all the six terrorists, the Army seized six AK rifles with 55 Magazines, two shotguns, two night vision binoculars, four radio sets, 32 unused grenades, one Medical Kit and a large quantity of miscellaneous warlike stores.
In the encounter, Army lost seven of its jawans and one officer. Three constables of Jammu & Kashmir Police too lost their lives in the attack. The Army is continuing the operation in surrounding areas to search out any terrorists who may still be hiding or attempting to escape.
Jammu & Kashmir which is holding five-phased Assembly elections witnessed heavy bloodshed on Friday when terrorists carried out four serial attacks in the state in less than 12 hours.
Jammu & Kashmir which is holding five-phased Assembly elections witnessed heavy bloodshed on Friday when terrorists carried out four serial attacks in the state in less than 12 hours.
0

Rupee bounces back 15 paise to end at 2-week high of 61.77Hi Guest
Rupee bounces back 15 paise to end at 2-week high of 61.77
The rupee had ended one paisa down at 61.92 against the Greenback on Thursday. After two days of listless trade, the Indian rupee on Friday rebounded 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the Greenback following dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid signs of fund inflows. Dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee's rise, forex dealers said. At the Interbank Foreign Exchange market, the ...

Approval for more than 60 ANDAs pending: DRL08:30 pm
Pharma company  Dr Reddy’s Laboratories is facing hurdles due to lack of regulatory issues. The company’s API plant in Vizag has received nine 483s from the USFDA. However, in the previous week when the company finished another dosage for an adjacent facility in Vizag with zero 483, media failed to report the issue, says the President and CFO Saumen Chakraborty. 
According to him, approval for more than 60 abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) is still pending.
“Over the last few months there have been 5 or 6 audits. Since we have invested quite significantly in terms of the cultural transformation in quality area, we actually got some of the places zero 483 which is again uncommon,” he concludes.
Dr Reddys Labs stock price
On December 10, 2014, Dr Reddys Laboratories closed at Rs 3142.05, down Rs 212.1, or 6.32 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3662.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 2250.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 125.08 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.12. The latest book value of the company is Rs 547.59 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.74.
RELATED NEWS

Vishal Sikka eyes acquisitions to push growth plansVishal Sikka eyes acquisitions to push growth plans
PTI
Change agent Vishal Sikka, CEO and MD, Infosys. (file photo).
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Software services firm Infosys is focusing on entering new segments and acquiring small innovative companies as the company looks to get its industry bellwether status back.
Speaking at analysts meet, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said the company will look at firms working on “technologies of tomorrow” like artificial intelligence (AI) and automation for acquisition.
“Of course our key focus is our own organic growth, our renewal from within, but we believe that it is necessary to complement this with an active inorganic strategy as well,” Sikka said.
For acquisition, Infosys is looking at companies working on technologies like AI, automation, Internet of Things (IoT) as well as collaboration and design technologies.
Sikka, who took over as Infosys CEO in August, said the IT company is focusing on renewing its core business as well as building new capabilities like design thinking, which will help the 33-year old firm regain industry bellwether status.
“We are also looking at underpenetrated segments as well as some geographic regions but not only from the perspective of just buying services companies in those areas but looking at innovation that can be brought with that focus,” he said.
He added that the company would continue its global engagement with the start-up ecosystem.
“Start ups are great young ones and we have been working with start up companies to bring them to our clients, to invest in them and to extend their capabilities with our own engineering and other operational services,” Sikka said.
“There is this duality of renew and new. The duality that we see is renewing of core business...In parallel to that renewal is each of the businesses are looking at new areas, new ways of reaching customers and markets (and using new technologies),” Sikka said.
He said Infosys is building new kinds of capabilities with design thinking being one of them.
“Transformation like the one we are on will take time. For sure, it will not happen in a short time ... All these steps that we have talked about, we at Infosys again can aspire to become leading bellwether IT company that we used to be over the long term,” he added.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Tamil Nadu close to achieving Jan Dhan targetTamil Nadu close to achieving Jan Dhan target
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 5:  
At least 87 per cent of households in Tamil Nadu have at least one bank account on its members, making the state closer to achieve 100 per cent target of Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) soon.
As per data available till November 15 this year, 87 per cent households in Tamil Nadu have at least one bank account, an official release said.
All over the country 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme, in which 5.32 crore account holders has received their RuPay cards, it said.
So far, 97.45 per cent survey work has been completed, it said, adding as per survey results, 85.20 per cent household coverage has been achieved in the country.
Goa, Kerala and Tripura, Union Territories of Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep and 19 districts of Gujarat, which had already covered all households with at least one bank account.
Launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in August this year, PMJDY is a scheme for comprehensive financial inclusion, which ensures any citizen can open a bank account in few minutes with any identity card which includes Aadhaar card and Voter ID.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/124YMIJWho could have predicted that? After an explosion of subprime auto lending, car loans delinquent 60 days increased 27% in the third quarter from a year ago.
Sears lost less money than Wall Street expected in the third quarter. The retailer lost $548 million, instead of the $590 million and $630 million it had estimated.
Vladimir Putin has slammed currency traders for the ruble’s woes . The Russian currency has fallen about 40% against the dollar since the start of the year.
Despite the sluggish housing market, home prices increased 6.1% in October from a year earlier . Low-priced homes gained 8.1%.
Want to know the top 10 sectors since the oil peak? Here you go.
A trader bragged on his resume that he knew how to game the electric markets. JPMorgan Chase rushed to hire him.

http://usat.ly/1vTupQ2LISTEN: Is Sprint's half-price offer too good to be true?
Wireless carrier says it can save Verizon and AT&T customers money
Post to Facebook
LISTEN: Is Sprint's half-price offer too good to be true? Wireless carrier says it can save Verizon and AT&T customers money Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CKXZO1
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
32
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
LISTEN: Is Sprint's half-price offer too good to be true?
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 1:05 a.m. EST December 5, 2014
Sprint's ad promising to cut your bill in half
(Photo: Sprint)
154 CONNECT 173 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 32 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES - Struggling wireless carrier has tried seemingly everything to wean customers from Verizon and AT&T. Friday it begins its latest attempt to reel in switchers with huge savings off wireless plans.
Fellow USA TODAY tech columnist Ed Baig and I weigh in on Sprint's latest salvo in an audio podcast. Listen below.
Consumers, be sure to read the fine print very carefully. Because already, Sprint's CFO said at a conference this week that folks would actually only save a net of 20%.
The half-rate advertised is only for wireless service--you'll still have to pay or lease your phone. You'll also have to trade in your old phone to Sprint--which you could sell to any number of trade-in sites like Gazelle or NextWorth for anywhere from $50 to $300.
Another thing to factor in: Sprint's service. In many areas, it has inferior coverage to AT&T and Verizon. As I note on the audio, if you sign up, ask to bring the phone home and try it out during the trial period to make sure you get decent coverage there.
Happy shopping everyone!
154 CONNECT 173 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 32 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CKXZO1
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

How Discovery IQ will impact India s cancer burdenArticle |  December 08, 2014, 2.59 PM IST
How Discovery IQ can improve outcomes for cancer patients
Terri Bresenham, President & CEO, GE Healthcare, South Asia, talks about how the company co-created the Discovery IQ PET/CT with the help of leading Indian academic centres and oncologists. Discovery IQ PET/CT is a patient-centric and scalable technology that is relevant to India. She also speaks about how this PET/CT lives up to the Prime Minister's 'Make in India' vision.
Video of the Week
How Discovery IQ can improve outcomes for cancer patients
Terri Bresenham, President & CEO, GE Healthcare,
Frugal innovations: The next big thing in healthcare
Given how crucial cancer screening is, the
GE's Discovery IQ PET/CT with its advanced features promises to be a landmark in cancer detection and...
Do you intend to upgrade to LED Lighting in the next 3-6 months?
Yes
Submit
About GE StepAhead
GE StepAhead is a platform that takes a look at issues that affect us and our future generations. From healthcare to energy, power to aviation and water management to oil and gas. In ways small and big, all these sectors impact our lives. And not to forget, each one of these sectors contributes not just to economic growth, but is also a measure of social progress. So itâ€™s crucial to look at key challenges and opportunities in these sectors and build on them.

Lower oil pressures Draghi
Wages up pathakha too. tml will rock. usa economu going gang busters.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

321k jobs created. revisions to previous months. pathaka numbersCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear guest..80 still is not high level for medium to long term investo...Platinum Member
106 Followers
Dear guest..80 still is not high level for medium to long term investor..still lot of juiceful steamy rally left in NCC..trusted analyst like mayuresh joshi.& prakash diwan have recommended today....this stock certainly for short termer might not appeal too much..
In reply to : Guest message
7.02 PM Dec 5th

Expect another solid uptick next week - my target for clutch auto is r...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Industry concerned over Sebi s proposed dividend policy
Going Dutch for brandingTweet
The Indian financial services sector could take a few lessons of branding and design from Europe
Going Dutch need not be about splitting the bill in a club or a restaurant. At least, in the BFSI (banking, financial services and insurance) sector, the customer usually pays, both for his fault and that of his service provider.
But a group of Dutch designers and branding consultants aim to change that. On a busy weekday evening, a few mid-level Indian finance professionals took off to the Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC) in Mumbai. Their agenda was to pick up branding and design lessons for the BFSI sector. Imparting these lessons were a team of three from an assortment of Dutch agencies such as Fabrique, a multi-disciplinary agency with an online focus, Globrands, a naming and strategy agency and Yellow Dress Retail, a retail design specialist. Their combined experience in the banking arena was from working with European clients on the lines of ABN-Amro, ING, Rabobank, AEGON and SNS REAAL.
Beyond the pause button
The location for such an event could not have been better. The BKC houses the headquarters of large private banks such as ICICI Bank and the Indian head offices for global financial giants like Citibank and Standard Chartered Bank. “Branding and design for the BFSI sector in India has always been business-centric. Whether it is the layout of a bank branch or a website, you cannot communicate your core values if you can’t make your customers feel relaxed and comfortable. Good branding and design can address these fear and trust issues and help build your brand,” says Willem Woudenberg, CEO, Brand Dialogue, the umbrella organisation for the branding and design agencies.
For starters, the BFSI sector, in India and abroad, has its own share of key challenges. Fewer customers are walking into the brick-and-mortar branches. However, they expect personal service even while they transact online. The other part is, most services offered by all players are replicated in no time, leaving little scope for differentiation. Pause.
The online experience
That’s where the men from The Netherlands claim they can make a difference. Matthijs Klinkert, strategist and partner, Fabrique, explains that in the past people looked at “safety of money” and the “rate of interest” offered as the big reasons while choosing a bank. Now, the online banking experience is among the top three reasons for customers to choose a bank, he says. In 2005, Europeans checked their bank balance once a month through the paper slips. Now, they check their balance every day on their smart-phones. “Many people in urban India have graduated to conducting their financial activities online. Just like in Europe, we will see more and more people banking online or on their mobile phones. Which is why it is important that we un-clutter and simplify the online platforms,” explains Klinkert.
He adds that across the world, customers prefer clean interfaces on the home-page of the bank’s website, whereas in India the prevalent practice is to push in as much information as possible. Before it re-launched its online platform, ING in Europe tested different web-interfaces with several sets of customers. Obviously, the most popular one was rolled out.
Click-and-brick
But many people in India still prefer the personal touch of face-to-face branch banking. Hence it’s necessary for the online banking site to complement the physical outlets. Sometimes, small innovations make a difference. One financial services provider, for instance, lets its customer choose their own personal banker. The profiles of all its personal bankers are shown on its website.
Jack van Dijk, layout and design expert from Yellow Dress Retail, explains that in one case, the agency created a branch for a financial services client with three zones for fast, medium and slow service.
“The human touch is what brings customers to a branch. Therefore, the layout, the communication and signage, the furniture, the counters and the behaviour of the employees should come together to make the in-branch experience friendly, simple and smooth. Correct design can not only help retain existing customers, it can even attract the attention of someone casually passing by.”
If the mention of a bank conjured up images of a dull, drab, claustrophobic room where one is engaged in complicated, tedious and confusing activities, there are many who are brightening up the space.
But one tip that came out bright and clear from an evening in Mumbai — a clean online interface works the best across the world. Perhaps it’s time for the BFSI sector to clean up its act. In more ways than one.
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related

Wait a minute  did you get what I saidWait a minute, did you get what I said?
Sravanthi Challapalli
Lost in translation: Have you ever felt like the person on the other end is hearing but not listening to you, well, the writer has.
A round-up of customer service calls and everyday interactions gone wrong. To baffle and delight you...
Ever thought you were playing a role in the theatre of the absurd? Not the literary one, of course, just wacky real-life exchanges involving you, salespeople and customer service agents. This week, sample some of the scenes this writer featured in, as comic relief. Surely you will empathise.
Eager to please?
Customer Service Rep: Hello Ma’am, we are calling from (big consumer durables store). You have signed an AMC with us for your AC and a clean-up is due. When can we send the technician?
Me: At 12 tomorrow?
Her: Okay, Ma’am, I will send him at 12, Ma’am
Me: They should finish by 1, I have to get to work after that.
Me: Okay Ma’am, I will send him by 12.45.
Me: Miss, I just told you I need them to finish by 1 pm, how can they if they come at 12.45?
Her: Oh, yes, yes, correct Ma’am, they will be there by 12.
(A week later, they had still not arrived.)
Let me have my say!
Customer Service Rep: Very good afternoon, Madam, am I speaking to Saravandi Sallapilli?
Me: Sravanthi, yes.
Rep: We are calling from (credit card company). Based on your usage of the credit card, …
Me: Sorry, I’m too busy, and I don’t need a loan or insurance …
Rep: (In injured voice) How can you just cut me off like that without even listening to what I have to say?
Me: (Sounding slightly apologetic) Okay, okay, what is it?
Rep: We have some interest-free loans, Ma’am, I want to explain about them.
Me: I just told you I don’t need any, thanks, bye!
T&C don’t apply?
Customer Service Rep: Hello Ma’am, we are calling from (credit card company). We want to give you (some benefit)
Me: What was that?
Rep: (Indistinct reply)
Me: I can’t hear you.
(She disconnects and rings again, tells me it’s an insurance scheme with a cashback guarantee.)
Me: Okay, what do I have to do for it?
Me: What do you mean? It’s free.
Me: But I have to do something for it, don’t I? I mean, I have to spend some amount, fulfil some conditions or something....
Me: What do you mean? It’s free.
Me: Why are you giving it to me? Why is it free?
(She bangs the phone down.)
Look your beast
Salon personnel: Only a haircut, Ma’am? What about hair colour? Manicure, pedicure?
Me: Only haircut.
Salon personnel: (After haircut) Why don’t you do aroma facial, Ma’am? Upper lip, chin?
Me: No, it’s okay.
Salon personnel: Do it, Ma’am, you will look better. It’s good for pimples also.
Me: (In a louder voice) No. (Pays for haircut and leaves, seething, won’t come back.)
Have you been in similar situations yourself? We would like to know. Mail us at cat.a.lyst@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related

It ends with the userIt ends with the user
Sravanthi Challapalli
Tweet
SHUTTERSTOCK.COM People matter Technology is all about the value it creates
In a new wave of advertising, companies focus on how their technology touches the end-consumer: the people who are going to use it
Have you heard of smart diapers? Chances are you can guess what they are even if you haven’t come across them. Yes, they analyse the baby’s poop and tell the adults that the child may be dehydrated or having a urinary tract infection, or more. They work through a QR code on the diaper that can be read on an app on the mobile phone. Or have you heard of Cute Circuit, a London-based fashion brand of wearable technology — clothes that display tweets, make phone calls and even relay warm hugs sent by a mobile phone?
These are just two instances that telecom infrastructure major Ericsson has cited in its current TV commercial, Capturing the Networked Society. It attempts to show how technology is altering the way people collaborate and communicate, how mobility and the Internet are being used to make an impact.
Transformation
This is part of a wave of advertising in which companies that are really business-to-business (B2B) firms focus on how their technology touches the end-consumer rather than on their own customers — the firms that would buy their technology. HCL and IBM are the two other companies that have launched such campaigns in recent times.
Why would B2B companies look at advertising with a business to consumer (B2C) eye, spending millions on mass media? The companies say their technology is all about the value it creates for end users and hence the campaigns aim to communicate that.
Ruchika Batra, Vice-President (Communications), Ericsson, says, “As a company we are transforming ourselves to become an Information and Communication Technology (ICT) player from a pure-play communications company. We need to become a trusted partner to our partners/customers, and we need to strengthen our brand’s presence.”
Sundararajan M, Chief Marketing Officer, HCL, says the company had taken the B2C approach in its advertising for the last nine years. The customer can view the company from other perspectives and not just from the salesperson’s; besides, it talks to a variety of audiences that interact with the brand — customers, retailers, employees, influencers.
“It gives the brand some softness as B2B discussions tend to be cold and hard. Consumers are becoming aware, you can shoot off a mail to the CEO if something doesn’t work right. Barriers are breaking down, and the decision-makers who buy our technology need to hear good things about us.” This year, the 38-year-old HCL has diversified into healthcare, skill development and talent care business and hence the new campaign was launched.
Jessie Paul, CEO of Paul Writer Strategic Advisory, a marketing advisory firm, says the real reason lies elsewhere. Earlier, B2B was marked by person-to-person sales but the business has grown much bigger. The buyer or customer is not relying on the seller for information but resorting to the Internet for information and reviews about the product. There are many small and start-up firms that can provide the same services, so a TV campaign is the best way to overcome the competition, which cannot afford the same scale of advertising. “Tiny firms can now enter the mindspace but don’t have the reputation. The only way an Ericsson can beat a start-up is through credibility,” she explains.
Being seen on TV
Moreover, the actual customer size itself — the Government, major software firms, small and medium businesses — is big enough to warrant a mass media presence, she says. Buyers and influencers want to buy technologies from big and influential companies and in India, that means being seen on TV.
Marketers seek to build their brands with all stakeholders — customers, prospects, influencers, policy-makers, employees, and so on.  So a brand campaign may not be targeted only at clients, but also at some of these other stakeholders.  
In the case of B2B, particularly IT services, even a large firm may have less than 1,000 customers, making it unnecessary to use mass media but they may have lakhs of employees, and in order to attract future hires it would be viable to use mass media.  “For example, UST Global, a multinational IT services firm, is a sponsor of Chennai Super Kings. It provides them with a unique engagement opportunity with customers but also greatly boosts their brand energy with employees,” says Paul.
(This article was published on November 27, 2014)
Related

Uber forced to stop operating in NevadaUber forced to stop operating in Nevada
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/20e37a96-7661-11e4-a704-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman clients offered debt in UberGoldman Sachs clients offered debt in Uber
Tom Braithwaite in New York and Richard Waters and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b43ff8e2-7994-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Silicon Valley culture helped shape SA Ignite s CEO as a leaderHow Silicon Valley culture helped shape SA Ignite's CEO as a leader
Tom Lee
SA Ignite CEO Tom Lee
SA Ignite CEO Tom Lee (Paul Audia photo)
By Kate MacArthur, Special to Blue Sky
What Tom Lee of SA Ignite says he learned from California
Tom Lee’s early career at Silicon Valley startups stuck with him when he founded Chicago-based software firm SA Ignite in 2009. Launched as a business-grade equivalent of TurboTax to help health care providers comply with electronic health records reporting, the company is expanding its scope to simplify other reporting needs. CEO Lee explains how the Valley culture and his experiences at California-based Symyx Technologies before it became Accelrys and elsewhere shaped him as a leader.
Q. What does your company do?
A. Both government and private insurance companies are massively changing their models to pay doctors based on the quality, not volume, of procedures. That creates new administrative complexity like how the Internal Revenue Service changes the tax code on us all the time. Our company automates a lot of that paperwork and reporting burden so physicians and their organizations can continually improve but also get paid what they should. 
Q. How are you expanding?
0
A. We’ve got over 60 clients with 8,000 physicians now coming to us and saying, “we’ve got these other programs that would benefit from having a ‘TurboTax,’” because the administrative burden is becoming too great for them. It hasn’t been reflected on our website, but it will in the first half of next year.
Q. What differences do you see between Chicago and Silicon Valley?
A. The biggest one is cultural. In the Valley, for people who have been through a failed startup or two, it’s like a badge of honor, like you’re out there making a difference. And failure or losing is part of ultimately winning.
The other area where there’s been a difference but the gap is starting to close a bit is in the Valley you have a lot more entrepreneurs that have made it and feel an obligation to give back to the community of entrepreneurs. They either do it through their pocketbooks, advice or contacts. In Chicago, you’re seeing more people who have been through one or two successful companies, and they now have the wherewithal and the time and the experience to give back.
Q. What did you learn from California?
A. Most entrepreneurs think that if they’re trying to find money they have to be very guarded about what their weaknesses are. But anyone who you would want to invest in your company would see right through that. You’re much better off being honest, even with early investors. Just being up front shows a lot of maturity as an entrepreneur as well as ability to be coached. You have to be able to balance coachability with megalomania. You also can’t let naysayers diminish the self-confidence or megalomania side that’s giving you the energy to do it, but you’ve got to balance the two.
Q. How are you fostering that kind of transparency?
A. Early in our history, one of our engineers came across a critical software error that he was responsible for. It could have cost a number of our clients big dollars. He was the one to say, “I screwed up. I’ll understand if I get a pink slip tomorrow.” He put the mission ahead of himself with the hope that regardless of what happened to him, that the learnings would make sure it would never happen again. I think he was stunned at the outpouring of support that he got. We proactively reached out to those clients. They’re still clients. So how do you propagate that behavior? For me, it was telling that story to people. When people know, you can get through those things and they’re painful but not fatal, it opens up a lot of possibilities.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

CNNs S.E. Cupp welcomes baby boyCNN’s S.E. Cupp is a new mom. (Andre Chung/For The Washington Post)
It’s a boy for CNN commentator S.E. Cupp and her PR rep husband John Goodwin.
The couple welcomed their first child, John Davies Goodwin III, on Wednesday at Virginia Hospital Center, a rep for the network said. “Contrary to some expectations, he arrived sporting neither his mother’s trademark glasses nor his father’s impressive beard,” she added.
Read more Reliable Source: 

US oil reserves at highest since 1975US oil reserves at highest since 1975
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc2683b4-7bd6-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eagle Ford Shale Yields Billionth BarrelIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Arab autocrats are not going back to the futureComments
By Steven Heydemann December 4
Protesters display a large Jordanian flag as they demonstrate to demand political reforms, in Amman, Oct. 5, 2012.  (Muhammad Hamed/Reuters)
During the Arab uprisings of late 2010 and 2011, it seemed that the strategies Arab leaders had adopted to keep themselves in power had left them vulnerable to an uncontrollable surge of mass mobilization. Yet by late 2014, even as Arab regimes struggled to manage the aftershocks of mass protests and, in some cases, respond to sustained popular mobilization that has continued, it is clear that authoritarian regimes in the Arab world not only survived the uprisings but adapted their tactics and practices to address the specific challenges associated with the resurgence of mass politics and sustain their hold on power.
The events of the past four years are not merely a back to the future moment in authoritarian governance in the Arab world. This reassertion of authoritarianism since 2012 did not come about simply because authoritarian elites in the Middle East held fast to established political routines. In responding to the resurgence of mass politics – processes of mobilization that were in large part caused by popular discontent with failures of authoritarian governance – authoritarian elites have been compelled to adapt. In some cases, regime adaptations drew on but modified established practices. In others, adaptations seem to signal more fundamental changes in elite perceptions about the nature of the threats they face and the changes that would be required to ensure regime survival. In these cases, regime elites seem to have made important, and in some cases potentially transformative, changes in their policies and tactics to control and contain newly mobilized societies.
Regime survival should not be taken to minimize the magnitude of the threat that the Arab uprisings posed. Those mass protests confronted regimes with the most significant challenge they had ever faced. The threat of politics from below was all the more potent because it emerged in systems of rule that were explicitly designed to prevent oppositional forms of collective action and spontaneous political mobilization.
That the regimes did nonetheless almost universally survive should underscore two important features of arguments about resilient authoritarianism that are often overlooked. First, theories about resilient authoritarianism, and the adaptive capacity of authoritarian regimes in the Arab world, have never taken the position that current systems of rule are permanent or invulnerable. The appropriate metaphor is of earthquake resistant, not earthquake proof, regimes. Second, these theories do not assume that adaptive processes are always limited and constrained by past practices: Path dependence matters, but at moments of crisis in particular, regime adaptations can and do move governance beyond the boundaries of current practices. I view the post-uprising period of the Arab Thermidor as representing one such period.
What seem to be emerging as these adaptations take hold are two distinctive modes of authoritarian governance, both of which have troubling implications for the political future of the Middle East. In one set of cases, including Jordan and Morocco, Algeria, and much of the Arab Gulf, shifts in governance are best defined as the extension and deepening of strategies of authoritarian upgrading, reframed in response to the specific challenges posed by the resurgence of mass politics.
In a second set of cases, however, including Syria and Egypt, changes in authoritarian governance appear to be more profound. The regimes that are emerging from the most threatening encounters with mass politics are making a sharp, perhaps decisive break with the populist, inclusionary strategies of contained mobilization through which they governed for many decades. What is emerging instead are narrowly-nationalist and exclusionary-repressive modes of authoritarian governance.
In both modes, reconfigured authoritarian practices are consistent with the inability of Arab regimes either to sustain redistribution and guarantees of economic security as the basis of state-society relations and conceptions of citizenship, or to establish viable, market-oriented political economies capable of addressing massive, systemic employment crises and ameliorating chronic conditions of economic insecurity that are especially acute among youth.
To understand why this most recent cycle of adaptations by authoritarian incumbents marks a decisive shift in governance, and to appreciate its potentially transformative effects, it is useful to assess the broader context in which regime elites are acting today and how it compares to the environment that shaped the systems of rule over which they presided until 2011.
In the era in which most post-colonial Arab states were established, newly empowered elites who inherited weak and sharply contested political and economic institutions drew heavily on contemporary understandings about how best to organize a state, manage a national economy, and structure relations between states and societies. At the time, Arab leaders were encouraged by then nascent international financial institutions, such as the newly-established International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, to build large, powerful public sectors as a way to compensate for the weakness of private sectors. They embraced import substitution industrialization, the dominant development strategy for developing economies in the post-WWII era, to promote industrialization and the commercialization of agriculture. To exploit but simultaneously manage and channel the high levels of mass mobilization that had emerged in the course of anti-colonial struggles, the first generation of populist-authoritarian leaders – Gamal Abdel Nasser, Adib Shishakli, Habib Bourguiba, Ahmed Ben Bella, Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr – embraced pan-Arabism, formed mass-based ruling parties, and promoted state-corporatist frameworks of interest representation. They adopted redistributive social policies, consolidating patterns of state-society relations anchored in “authoritarian bargains” that guaranteed economic security in exchange for political quiescence. For almost 30 years, this formula produced extraordinary improvements in social conditions across the Arab world.
By the mid-1980s, these populist-redistributive systems of rule had become increasingly difficult for regime elites to sustain. Economic crises and the fiscal burden of welfare, subsidy programs, and service provision forced authoritarian incumbents to adapt. Beginning in the 1980s, but with growing momentum in the 1990s, incumbents responded – as they had in the 1950s and 1960s – by appropriating, adapting and applying elements drawn from a global repertoire of models of governance and social policy. Mimicking versions of 1980s-era neo-liberal developmental strategies, in form if rarely in content, they introduced selective strategies of economic and political liberalization that gradually moved Middle East and North Africa political economies toward what the Syrian regime later labeled social market development frameworks.
Precursors of the upgrading strategies of the late-1990s and 2000s, these frameworks combined liberalization of select economic sectors, typically determined on the basis of political, regime maintenance criteria, with weakened systems of redistribution. They were designed to generate the resources required to maintain patronage networks, provide opportunities for predatory rent seeking by increasingly narrow circles of regime insiders, and mitigate the broad social effects of reductions in public expenditure. During these years, the organizational “containers” that had earlier served to manage and channel mass politics decayed. Ruling parties and corporatized associational sectors retained some importance as pathways for patronage, positions and a declining share of economic privilege, but could no longer provide any meaningful sense of political or economic inclusion. In their place, regimes relied more heavily on the institutions of the mukhabarat, intelligence or secret police, to maintain internal security and repress autonomous forms of political mobilization and oppositional collective action. In effect, the authoritarian bargain of the post-independence era had become an authoritarian compromise, the costs of which were borne by the urban middle class, rural clientalist networks, public sector workers and residents of peripheral cities, the social groups that provided the backbone of the Arab uprisings.
This potted macro-sociological history of Arab regime formation and reform underscores the importance of the contemporary regional and global context, and its effects on the strategic choices of incumbents, in assessing the dynamics of authoritarian reassertion during the so-called Arab Thermidor. Upgrading strategies that served as an effective response to the challenges regimes confronted in the 1990s and 2000s carried social costs that they could not contain indefinitely. Having confronted these costs during the peak of the Arab uprisings, the principal challenge faced by authoritarian incumbents today is how to manage the enduring, systemic threat of mass politics under conditions of poor capitalism. With ineffectual economic institutions and deep, systemic employment gaps that regimes are unable to close, how can they prevent persistent high levels of anti-regime mass political mobilization?
To contend with mobilized publics and to preserve the selective benefits associated with social market strategies of economic governance, regime elites today have a very different set of models on which to draw. The statist, inclusionary and redistributive models of controlled mass mobilization that prevailed in the post-independence era – with all they implied about republicanism, egalitarian conceptions of citizenship, and a moral economy relationship between states and citizens – are simply no longer available as viable options for regime elites. Similarly, with implications that have yet to be fully explored for MENA political economies, the condition that economist Dani Rodrik has recently characterized as premature deindustrialization further constrains the developmental options available to authoritarian incumbents in the Arab world, and further reduces the strategies they can use to close the massive employment gaps they confront, generate highly-skilled industrial employment, and enjoy the large spill-over benefits for other sectors that accompany industrialization. To the extent that MENA political economies are defined by premature deindustrialization, the pathways out of poor capitalism will be very hard to find. The likely outcome is a massive semi-permanent class of underemployed and unemployed whom the state will view as a persistent threat to stability, necessitating repressive-exclusionary modes of governance.
Even if MENA countries can escape the trap of premature deindustrialization the alternatives to authoritarianism face strong headwinds. Democratization has been discredited by its association with the presidency of Mohamed Morsi in Egypt, as well as the Libyan and Yemeni experiences. It has been further undermined by public disillusionment with Western liberalism, and by the declining leverage of Western democracies over regional actors who no longer depend on the West for foreign investment and foreign assistance. Nor can the transnational ideologies that legitimated (and tested) Arab regimes, including various versions of politicized Islam, serve that purpose any longer.
In contrast, market-oriented models of authoritarian governance are seen as viable alternatives. Reflecting regional trends toward sectarian polarization, regime elites in Syria, Egypt, Bahrain and Libya have sought to reframe mechanisms for containing and channeling mass politics – much of which continues to revolve around demands for economic inclusion, voice, and distributive justice – around combinations of exclusionary, xenophobic, ethno-sectarian, and tribal conceptions of state-society relations and citizenship, policed by newly reinvigorated post-uprising internal security agencies.
Thus, even while emergent models of authoritarian governance in the Arab world exhibit a wide range of continuities, they are moving beyond the authoritarian bargains and the authoritarian compromises of earlier eras, toward repressive-exclusionary systems of rule organized in response to the threat of mass politics under conditions of poor capitalism. These emergent models will generate stresses that will test their capacity and their resilience. In their current incarnation, however, the trajectories of authoritarian governance in the Arab world seem to offer little basis for optimism among those who have long hoped that prosperity and democracy would find a firm foothold in the Middle East.
Steven Heydemann is the vice president of Applied Research on Conflict at the United States Institute of Peace. The views expressed in this article are his own and not those of the U.S. Institute of Peace. This essay is part of a Project on Middle East Studies and London School of Economics and Political Science collection on “ The Arab Thermidor: The Resurgence of the Security State .”

Bobby Rahal sells Lincoln Park mansionBobby Rahal sells Lincoln Park mansion
Bobby Rahal
Indianapolis 500
Race car driver Bobby Rahal says he's staying in Chicago.
Retired professional race car driver Bobby Rahal, who won the 1986 Indianapolis 500, sold his five-bedroom, 6,600-square-foot Lincoln Park mansion Wednesday for $3.4 million.
A Glen Ellyn native, Rahal, 61, told Elite Street he is staying in Chicago. "We've already found another house and we're in the process of moving," he said Thursday.
Didn't know he lived here. Cool. Indy's not as good as Formula but much, much better than NASCAR.
Joe South

Activist says Cramer critique misconstruedActivist says Jim Cramer critique was misconstrued
Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10e48086-7c06-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hillary Clinton backs probes of chokehold  Ferguson deathsUpdated: December 5, 2014 12:26 IST
Hillary Clinton backs probes of chokehold, Ferguson deaths
PTI
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
TOPICS
laws
Hillary Rodham Clinton has said the U.S. criminal justice system is “out of balance” and she supports federal reviews of police-involved deaths of unarmed black men in Ferguson, Missouri, and New York City.
Ms. Clinton said the two cases, which have stirred a national conversation on race and law enforcement, show the need for federal funds to be used for best practices, “rather than weapons of war”.
The former first lady is the leading Democratic contender to succeed President Barack Obama should she seek the presidency again. Mr. Obama is the nation’s first black President, and the two cases could shape how Ms. Clinton talks about civil rights and seeks to maintain support among African-American voters, a key Democratic constituency.
Ms. Clinton’s remarks on Thursday at a women’s conference in Boston were the first time she’s spoken about the two cases in the aftermath of findings by grand juries and racially charged protests around the nation.
Civil rights leaders have criticised the grand jury decisions not to charge a white police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner in New York and a separate decision not to charge a white officer who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown in Missouri.
Ms. Clinton, a former secretary of state, said the families and communities deserved a “full and fair accounting” and the deaths had forced the nation to “grapple with some hard truths about race and justice in America”. She noted that black men are more likely to be stopped and searched by police, charged with crimes and sentenced to longer prison terms.
“We have allowed our criminal justice system to get out of balance,” Ms. Clinton said. “And I personally hope that these tragedies give us the opportunity to come together as a nation to find our balance again,” she added.
At the Massachusetts Conference for Women, Ms. Clinton expressed support for reviews by the Justice Department and Mr. Obama’s recent announcement of a task force on policing.

Mangalore Chemicals Soars 15% on Zuari Open OfferYou are here: Home Market
Mangalore Chemicals Soars 15% on Zuari Open Offer
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 11:42 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCFL) soared over 15 per cent on the NSE to Rs 99.9 after Zuari group announced a voluntary open offer.
The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to Mangalore Chemicals' Thursday closing price of Rs 86.40.
Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group will spend up to Rs 282.19 crore to buy over 3 crore shares in UB Group firm MCFL through a new open offer. This constitutes 25.90 per cent of the MCFL's fully diluted voting equity share capital.
This open offer again sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which has been a target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers.
In the battle for control of MCFL, UB Group has sided with Zuari group and they had earlier launched a counter offer after Deepak Fertilizers came out with an open offer.
After open offers of both Deepak and rival Zuari-UB Group closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers' stake in MCFL increased by about 6 per cent to about 32 per cent and inched closer towards the rival Zuari-UB group's combined stake of 38.4 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
Mangalore Chemicals on Thursday announced appointment of UB group chairman Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
At 11:21 am, Mangalore Chemicals shares were up 7.5 per cent to Rs 92.95.
(With Agency Inputs)

Why JBF Industries Shares Are Up 60% in 10 Trading SessionsYou are here: Home Market
Why JBF Industries Shares Are Up 60% in 10 Trading Sessions
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 16:14 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
Shares in JBF Industries surged 20 per cent to a 52-week high of Rs 275.70 on Friday. JBF Industries is into the business of producing polyester-based products.
Its shares have rallied nearly over 61 per cent in since November 21 after one of its promoter, Bhagirath Arya, purchased 90,000 shares (0.14 per cent stake) in the company through open market. Earlier, Mr Arya had bought 50,000 shares (0.07 per cent stake) in the company on November 19.
Domestic brokerage Nirmal Bang has recommended the stock with an 'accumulate' rating. The brokerage says the fall in crude oil prices will boost the margins of JBF Industries. Global crude prices have slumped nearly 40 per cent slump since June this year.
"With the fall in crude oil prices, its working capital requirement will reduce significantly, which will ease the high debt/equity ratio and also reduce interest costs to that extent," the brokerage said in a note.
Nirmal Bang says raw materials, which are linked to crude oil prices, account for around 78 per cent of net sale of JBF Industries.
The brokerage expects the benefits of lower crude prices will get reflected in financials of JBF Industries from the third quarter.
Shares in JBF Industries closed 18.48 per cent higher at Rs 272.20 apiece, outperforming the Nifty which ended 0.30 per cent lower on Friday.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:14 (IST)

Broader markets in focus; IT  pharma scrips weakBroader markets in focus; IT, pharma scrips weak
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 02:47 PM IST
Markets continue to trade flat in noon deals as weakness in IT, pharma heavyweights were balanced by the gains in L&T, M&M and ITC. At 1425 hrs, the Sensex was down 21 points at  28,542 and the Nifty was down four points at 8,560.
Meanwhile, the broader markets were resilient gains of atleast 0.4%. The smallcap index was up 0.8% and the midcap index added 0.4%, both outperforming the BSE benchmark index which was down nearly 0.1%.
On the sectoral front, IT and Teck indices were off over 1% each along with Health Care index which was down 0.6%. Oil & Gas was flat with a negative bias.
Among the gainers were Realty, FMCG and Consumer Durables indices up 0.8-2.5%.
The ones leading gains in real estate space were DLF, Indiabulls Real Estate, HDIL and Unitech up 3-5%.
Among the losers in IT space were Tech Mahindra, TCS, Wipro, HCL Tech and Infosys down 1-2%.
Today is the fourth consecutive day for Infosys in red. The stock has been on a weak trend since it turned ex-bonus on Tuesday, December 2.
Apart from IT names, Dr Reddys, Sun Pharma, Hero MotoCorp, ONGC and Hindlaco down 1-2% were the other notable losers.
The gainers of the hour were Sesa Sterlite, M&M, ITC, L&T, RIL and Tata Steel up 0.5-3%.
Gains in RIL is on account of news that the company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Mexican state owned company, Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), for assessment of potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico and jointly evaluate value added opportunities in international markets.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1483 stocks advanced while 1297 stocks declined.
Asian Markets
Shares drifted while the dollar marked time on Friday ahead of the key U.S. jobs report later in the session that could help it retake ground lost to the euro overnight.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS was down 0.1%, on track for a weekly loss of 0.8%. Japan's Nikkei stock average slipped 0.2%, but was on track for a weekly gain of more than 2%.

Redington Surges to Record on Apple s India Push ReportRedington India jumped 12.2 per cent today on reports that Apple plans a big push in India. It marked an all-time high of Rs 147.75.
Apple plans big push in India and plans to open 500 stores, a newspaper reported today.
A franchise model is likely to be adopted and could be spearheaded by Redington, the report added.
Apple currently operates in India through two key distributors - Redington and Ingram. Redington was up 93.5 per cent YTD compared to 35.8 per cent of Nifty.
The stock traded at 13.94x F12M earnings compared to 15.5x for rivals, showed Reuters data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Trades at 61.8/Dollar; Eye on US Jobs DataYou are here: Home Market
Rupee Trades at 61.8/Dollar; Eye on US Jobs Data
Reuters | Updated On: December 05, 2014 14:59 (IST)
The rupee traded at 61.8625/8675 versus Thursday's close of 61.9250/9350.
Most Asian currencies were stronger compared to dollar.
The USD/INR pair wastuck in a narrow band as market awaits US non-farm payrolls data.
The rupee is seen in 61.80 to 62.00 range until close.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Reliance Comm signs USD 1 bn managed services deal with EricssonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RBI to bring out Charter on consumer rightsReserve Bank of India to bring out Charter on consumer rights
PTI     Chennai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 15:33 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working towards bringing out a charter on consumer rights to curb instances of ponzi and online lottery schemes , a senior bank official said in Chennai on Friday.
There have been several instances of online lottery scam asking people to pay service charge in order to release a large sum. Unfortunately, quite a few consumers do fall prey to it, RBI Executive Director, Umashankar Paliwal, said.
Paliwal was speaking at a two-day conference on Consumer Product Safety, organised by Consumer Association of India, in the Tamil Nadu capital.
The executive said a large number of people who were victims of such scams had sought the central bank's action against such companies.
Appealing to people not to fall prey to such schemes, he said RBI was working on a Charter on Consumer Rights.
Basically, this Charter covers issues such as Right to Fair Treatment, Right to Transparency, Fair and honest dealing, Right to Suitability, Right to Privacy, Right to Grievance Redress and Compensation to the consumers, he said.
Boards of banks would be passing the charter and the RBI would be monitoring it, Paliwal said.

Rafale jet deal to wrap up in months  says French ministerRafale jet deal to wrap up in months, says French minister
Alexandria Sage     Paris   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 16:21 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A deal between France and the government to sell 126 Rafale fighter jets to India in a deal worth an estimated US $15 billion will need more negotiations over several months, French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Friday.
Le Drian's comments came after the Defence Ministry said this week it had agreed with the French Defence Ministry to fast-track negotiations and seek to overcome differences in talks that have been ongoing since January 2012.
"We are in a positive process, I hope it will come to a successful conclusion. It has progressed well," Le Drian told BFM-TV.
However, Le Drian said it would not happen before the end of 2014.
"It's not three weeks... It's several months, we'll see. But I'm optimistic."
In November, the CEO of Dassault Aviation told Reuters a contract by the end of March was a 'reasonable goal'.
France's Dassault has been trying to clinch a deal to sell its Rafale jets to India since the government chose the company over other foreign plane manufacturers in 2012.
Apart from disagreements over cost and work-sharing, elections in the country slowed talks.
Under the deal, which would provide a major boost to French domestic defence manufacturing, the first 18 planes will be made in France and shipped to India, while the remaining 108 will be produced by state-run Hindustan Aeronautics (HAL).
(Reuters)

Sensex Falls Over 100 Points  IT Stocks WeighYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex Falls Over 100 Points, IT Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 16:12 (IST)
Oil Slumps Near $59 for First Time Since 2009 on Oversupply
The BSE Sensex and Nifty ended lower on Friday after sharp losses in IT and healthcare stocks. The Sensex fell 104 points to 28,458 while Nifty ended at 8,538, down 26 points.
Market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava said as long as Nifty holds the 8450-8500 range, it could move up to 8,800 levels. But if it falls below 8368 levels, the selling pressure could accelerate, he added.
Traders attributed the selloff in IT and pharma stocks to the cross-currency impact, following the dollar's surge against major global currencies. Besides, seasonally the third quarter is a seasonally weak quarter for Indian outsourcers. The BSE IT index fell 1.8 per cent while the healthcare index fell 1.4 per cent.
Among IT stocks, Infosys and HCL Tech fell nearly 1.5 per cent while Wipro and TCS declined over 2 per cent. Among pharma stocks, Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's fell between 1.8 per cent and 2.3 per cent.
Buying in select banking stocks and ITC helped cap the losses for Sensex. PNB, Bank of Baroda and Kotak Mahindra Bank rose between 1.5-2 per cent. Banking stocks have outperformed in the recent rally on continued hope of rate cuts.
Shares in ITC were up 2 per cent, adding to Wednesday's 5.5 per cent surge on a likely hold on loose cigarette ban. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:12 (IST)

Street Smart: What to do in Cabin JohnComments
By Ann Cochran December 5
Sandwiched between Glen Echo and Potomac in Montgomery County, Cabin John has only one square mile of land and about 850 households, but on weekends, its small stretch of MacArthur Boulevard resembles a Tour de France route. Cabin John preserves small-town charm with parades, creek cleanup and holiday gatherings in the community center.
Cabin John Creek. Photo by Curt Seiss
Cabin John Creek
Was Cabin John named for Captain John Smith, the first man to map the Potomac River, who explored the area in 1608? That's one theory, but the name might honor a hermit named John who lived in a cabin along the creek before the Union Arch Bridge was built between 1857 and 1863. No matter, few people know about the challenging hike along Cabin John Creek. The 1.2-mile trail has lovely views and a few easy stretches, but it's rocky with short, steep climbs.
Fish Taco restaurant in MacArthur Plaza. Photo by Curt Seiss
MacArthur Plaza
7945 MacArthur Blvd.
For a strip mall just 170 feet long, MacArthur Plaza has an unusual wealth of dining options. Stephanie and Damian Salvatore started it all in January 2011, when they opened Wild Tomato . Its success begat Fish Taco two years later. With both places crowded on weeknights as well as weekends, the Salvatores decided to add an Asian fusion restaurant, Indigo House.
Bethesda Co-op. Photo by Curt Seiss
6500 Seven Locks Rd.
Manager Helen Atkocius says, "We're quirky, like Cabin John, but modern and upscale, too." Along with a vast bulk section on the back wall, local craft beers and organic wines, this nearly 40-year-old co-op also stocks biodynamic wines, which are considered representative of their place of origin. Biodynamic principles set forth in the 1920s incorporate spiritual practices and alignment with the forces of the universe, and have odd compost ingredients (flower-filled animal organs) and mystical elements.
Salon Jean & Day Spa. Photo by Curt Seiss
7945 MacArthur Blvd.
After a long bike ride, a massage is in order. Hiking and pedicures are a good pairing, too. When owner Jean Bae opened her salon, she knew there would always be a charity component. Love for all dogs, including her 20-year-old, 2-year-old and a 5-year-old blind dog inspired a fundraising calendar supporting pet adoption. Other fundraising efforts have benefited House of Ruth and childhood-cancer organizations.
Lock House 10. Photo by Curt Seiss
Clara Barton Parkway
Step back in time by eating off 1930s china, putting groceries in the 1930s fridge, reading vintage Life magazines and sleeping under an Army blanket. The two-floor, two-bedroom quarters, rentable for $150 a night, was built in 1830 for lockkeepers and restored to a 1930s aesthetic: no TV, no WiFi. Rock away stress on the screened-in porch.
 
For stories, features such as Date Lab, Gene Weingarten and more, visit  WP Magazine.
Follow the Magazine on  Twitter .
Like us on  Facebook .

VIP lift in Kerala Assembly  with Ministers inside  collapsesUpdated: December 5, 2014 10:17 IST
VIP lift in Kerala Assembly, with Ministers inside, collapses
S. Anil Radhakrishnan
Kerala Legislative Assembly, Thiruvananthapuram. File Photo: C. Ratheesh Kumar
TOPICS
emergency incident
The VIP lift in the Legislative Assembly complex on Friday morning collapsed when three Ministers were going to their offices.
The incident occurred around 8.40 a.m. after the House disbursed for the day as mark of respect to former Supreme Court judge, V.R. Krishna Iyer who passed away on Thursday in Kochi.
Minister for Industries P.K. Kunhalikutty, Minister for Public Works V.K. Ebrahim Kunju and Minister for Food and Civil Supplies Anoop Jacob were proceeding from the first level, where the House is located, to their offices in the second floor. The personal staff of the Ministers were also in the lift at the time of the incident.
“The lift crashed all of a sudden and came down. We had a narrow escape. Mr. Anoop suffered injuries in the knee. It seems the steel rope gave away”, Mr. Kunju told The Hindu. The lift used solely for the movement of VIPs in the Assembly complex had earlier also developed snags.

Centre to mitigate deficiencies in arms and ...Centre to mitigate deficiencies in arms and ammunition
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.32PM IST
Parrikar also said a roadmap for procurement of ammunition has been approved which envisages procurement to build up adequate targeted stocks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Government has taken note of the deficiencies in some of the critical arms and ammunition and steps have been taken to mitigate the shortage, the Lok Sabha was informed today.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar , in a written reply, told the Lok Sabha that the government "has taken note of the deficiencies in some of the critical arms and ammunition and has taken steps to mitigate the deficiencies."
Parrikar also said a roadmap for procurement of ammunition has been approved which envisages procurement to build up adequate targeted stocks.
He said the proposal for acquisition of weapons and equipment flow from the defence procurement planning process comprises 15 years long-term integrated perspective plan, five year services capital acquisition plan and annual acquisition plan.
"Mismatches between requirements and availability are continually addressed through procurement from various indigenous as well as foreign vendors," he said.
He also cautioned that disclosing further details in this regard on the floor of the House may "not be in the interest" of national security.
Responding to another written question, he said government has so far issued 222 letters of intent or industrial licences covering 131 companies till October, 2014 for manufacturing a wide range of defence items to public and private companies.
He said 46 licenced companies covering 72 licences have so far reported commencement of production. Parrikar informed that no specific budgetary allocation has been made under 'Make in India' initiative.
The Defence Minister said that the government has accorded priority to buy Indian, buy and make Indian and 'make' categories of defence acquisition over buy global category to promote domestic manufacturing.

GoPro could take drones mainstreamBy Dominic Basulto December 5 Follow @dominicbasulto
GoPro cameras are already being used in incredibly innovative ways. So why not GoPro consumer drones? (GoPro/AP)
In order for any consumer technology to go mainstream, it needs one tech giant to emerge as its innovation champion. In search, it’s Google. In social networking, it’s Facebook. In digital music, it’s Apple. In e-commerce, it’s Amazon. And now the consumer drone market might one day have GoPro, the wildly popular action camera maker that just went public in June.
According to a credible report from the Wall Street Journal , GoPro is considering the launch of its own line of multirotor consumer drones priced between $500 and $1,000 by late 2015. While GoPro hasn’t officially confirmed or denied the report, they have joined a Washington-based drone-lobbying group, the Small UAV Coalition . And moving into consumer drones would be a likely next step for them, given the popularity of aerial photography for GoPro users.
Almost overnight, GoPro would become the odds-on favorite to become the leader and champion of the fast-growing consumer drone market. According to Teal Group, an aerospace research firm, the worldwide UAV (unmanned aerial vehicles) market – including both military and civilian drones – is expected to nearly double in size over the next ten years, from $6.4 billion to $11.5 billion.
Right now, military drones account for 89 percent of that total , so the total worldwide civil UAV market is relatively tiny, approximately $700 million. The consumer drone market (i.e. the market for personal, hobbyist drones and not the market for mapping or search-and-rescue drones) is even tinier, estimated by the Consumer Electronics Association to be $130 million in 2015 . To put that number into context, GoPro’s sales through the first nine months of 2014 — $763 million — is almost six times the size of the personal drone category and bigger than the size of the entire worldwide civil UAV market.
So whom would GoPro have to knock off in order to become the undisputed champion of the consumer drone market?
There are three consumer drone manufacturers that are considered the industry leaders – China’s DJI Innovations, France’s Parrot and California’s 3D Robotics (founded by former Wired editor-in-chief Chris Anderson). According to industry estimates, DJI posted $131 million in annual sales in 2013 . The next closest competitor is France’s Parrot, with $53.35 million in sales in fiscal 2013 .
There’s not a single U.S. tech giant in the consumer drone market. in other words, there’s no Apple waiting in the wings with an Apple Drone to take on GoPro. While both Facebook and Google acquired drone companies in 2014, and Amazon seems to be embracing drones for commercial deliveries via Amazon Prime Air, none of them has created a drone that consumers can walk in and buy at a retail store. And even market leader DJI could be ripe for the picking, given that the company only launched its Phantom quadcopters in 2013 – hardly enough time to gain true brand equity in the marketplace.
At the end of the day, if American consumers had the chance to choose between “designed in the USA” (GoPro) and “designed in China” (DJI), which one do you think they’re going to pick?
Right now, we don’t know exactly what GoPro is going to create with its consumer drones . Company spokesmen are keeping things close to the vest, only noting that the company’s users are creating “jaw-dropping GoPro footage recorded from quadcopters.” So there’s reason to expect more from GoPro in this direction — it’s a natural brand extension, given that the company already provides cameras for drones.
There are two basic options for GoPro – either the company creates a new standalone consumer drone with an internal GoPro camera, or it essentially adapts a drone model already in the marketplace, equips it with a sophisticated mount, and lets users hook on an existing GoPro camera. You can see immediately see which of these two options is more valuable for GoPro – they’ve got to build the drone with the internal camera because there are already a handful of companies that already offer the “drone plus mount” option for aerial photography. Why would you bother buying a new GoPro drone if you can just buy another drone and mount a GoPro on it?
Another big question is how the FAA is going to rule on drones. That matters a lot, since the civil UAV market is expected to explode in popularity if the FAA gives the green light for commercial drones. Right now, civil drones are essentially limited to hobbyists, they cannot be flown above 400 feet in the air and they cannot be flown close to airports.
Yet, even with those restrictions in place, there are signs of drone mania taking off . It’s not just aerial photography, which is far and away the biggest drone hobbyist use so far. Filmmaking could be next, now that Hollywood has received the green light to use them for filmmaking. We may even see more creative uses unveiled at January’s CES tech trade show in Las Vegas, which for the first time ever, is going to have an Unmanned Systems Marketplace .
For now, though, all eyes are Washington and not on Vegas. It seems like we’ve been expecting an FAA ruling forever. And now even the White House has been pushing for more guidance. There’s a lot of regulatory risk here, especially given all the concern about airplane-drone accidents. In fact, perhaps based on all those concerns, the latest reports are that the FAA will go ultra-strict on its commercial drone ruling , perhaps even limiting consumer drone use to daylight hours and requiring all commercial drone operators to get a pilot’s license.
Regulatory risk obviously plays a big role here. But GoPro already has jumped through U.S. regulatory hoops for its IPO filing and understands what it means to be a highly-visible public company subject to regulatory control – something smaller, VC-backed drone companies in Silicon Valley may not yet fully grasp. And, most importantly, GoPro has also joined the Washington-based Small UAV Coalition , giving it a voice together with other consumer drone champions.
There are a lot of factors that go into a company being able to become a market leader: Network effects. First-mover advantage. Barriers to entry. If GoPro hopes to become the consumer drone market champion the way it did with the action camera category, it will need to do more than just “get big fast” by converting a large share of its GoPro action camera users into GoPro drone users. It will have to make sure these users are part of a networked ecosystem that makes it almost impossible for other competitors to catch up. If any company can make consumer drones mainstream, it’s GoPro.
Dominic Basulto is a futurist and blogger based in New York City.

Will ensure 24x7 power to all by March 2019: GoyalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAIL share offer subscribed more than two-timesUpdate: SAIL share offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1,715 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Steel Authority of India's (SAIL) share sale was subscribed more than two times, fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore and kicking-off the government's ambitious disinvestment drive.
The first disinvestment offering in the ongoing financial year saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the state-run steel major to meet market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) listing norms.
The government has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sales in various PSU firms during the 2014-15 fiscal in a bid to plug the fiscal deficit.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green-shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to data released by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"Retail investors category was... Hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the finance ministry statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year.
The government has lined up a host of state-run firms to pare holdings - including a 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India (CIL) and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which domestic bourses are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 a piece , which is 2.75 per cent less than the scrip's closing price on Thursday.

Reliance Industries tops fourth day placement in IIT MadrasReliance Industries tops fourth day placement in IIT Madras
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 05, 2014 05:20 PM IST
Reliance Industries emerged as the top recruiter on the fourth day of placement in the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT-M) with 12 offers. The day witnessed a total offer of 79, issued in the morning and afternoon sessions. The placement season this time had witnessed e-commerce companies like Flipkart and Urban Ladder dominating recruitment on the second and third days while Goldman Sachs emerged as the top recruiter on the first day. 
A total of 577 offers were issued in the four days of the placement event in the institution, as compared to 383 during the previous year. 524 students were placed till the fourth day, as compared to 333 students placed in the first four days of placement, last year. A total of 119 companies participated in the four days this year, as compared to the participation of 84 companies last year.
Some of the other major companies who recruited during the day include Target Corporation India (issued 10 offer letters), General Motors Technical Centre India Pvt Ltd (9), Alstom Transport India Ltd (9), Vodafone India Ltd (5), Unmetric Technologies Pvt Ltd (4), Walter P Moore Engineering India Pvt Ltd (3), Amada Soft India Pvt Ltd (3), ITS Planners and Engineers Pvt Ltd (3) and Systemantics India Pvt Ltd (3).
 

US Navy revokes Bill Cosbys honorarytitleBy: Press Trust of India | New York |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:42 pm
The US Navy has revoked Bill Cosby’s honorary title following allegations that the comedian sexually assaulted a string of women over decades.
Navy Secretary Ray Mabus and Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy (AW/NAC) Mike Stevens rescinded the honorary chief title conferred in 2011, the Navy said in a press release, according to NBC.
“The Navy is taking this action because allegations against Mr Cosby are very serious and are in conflict with the Navy’s core values of honour, courage and commitment,” Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus said in a statement.
Cosby, now 77, served in the Navy from 1956 to 1960, when he was honourably discharged. He rose to the rank of hospital corpsman third class and served in naval hospitals, where he helped Marines recover from Korean War injuries. He also deployed aboard dock landing ship Fort Mandan.
After winning the prestigious Lone Sailor Award, given to Navy and Marine vets for lifetime accomplishments, in 2010, he credited his naval service for sowing the seeds of his later success.

Sydney Cricket Grounds pitch seven retired to honour PhillipHughesBy: Press Trust of India | Sydney |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:36 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:58 pm
Sydney Cricket Ground’s Pitch No.7, the 22-yard strip on which Phillip Hughes fell after being fatally struck by a bouncer on head, has been retired.
The wicket square at the SCG has 10 pitches. Hughes received his fatal blow on pitch No 7 and fell face-forward.
He succumbed to the blow in the hospital a few days later, leaving the cricketing world in shock.
Curator Tom Parker told ‘The Australian’ that particular pitch on which Hughes was struck by a Sean Abbott bouncer
would be getting the cold shoulder for a while.
No batsman could be expected to ply his trade on it. No curator could be expected to prepare it. Parker will give it
another chance at next year’s World Cup.
“Pitch No 7 has been retired,” Parker said, as 3000 people converged on the SCG to watch the coverage of Hughes’s
funeral on the big screen on Wednesday.
New South Wales play a Sheffield Shield match at the SCG next week. It will probably start on Tuesday.
“It breaks my heart, what’s happened. This is the people’s ground. It really is. Look at everyone here. I never thought I’d see someone die out here. I love this place. I love what it means to people,” Parker said.
“This old place has given us a lot of good memories. I’m shocked by what’s happened. My staff are shocked. We won’t be using that particular pitch for a long time,” he said.
NSW next week will make their first Sheffield Shield appearance since the on-field tragedy. They will be playing on pitch No 2. It is about as far as Parker can get from the site of last week’s accident.
“I don’t want to touch it for now,” he said.
Hughes’s funeral service was shown on the SCG’s big screen.
CA XI bowlers to share insights into Indian team
Five bowlers of the Cricket Australia XI, against whom India played a couple of two-day games as a warm-up to the Test series, will stay here to assist the national side and provide insights into the visiting team.
The second practice match finished in an inevitable draw on Friday, but CA XI captain Ashton Turner is among five bowlers from the team that will remain here to assist the national team in the nets.
“Players would probably be talking about what they saw and did, which will be passed onto other players,” CA XI coach Troy Cooley was quoted as saying by Australian news agency AAP.

Arsenal ponder resting Alexis Sanchez  Theo Walcott yet torecoverBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:39 pm
With a hectic Christmas fixture list looming, Arsenal manager faces a dilemma over prize asset Alexis Sanchez.
The Chilean forward, a marquee summer signing from Barcelona, has been a shining light during Arsenal’s disappointing start to the season, scoring 14 goals in 22 appearances for the north London club.
Loathed to rest the 25-year-old as Arsenal continue to play catch-up in the Premier League, Wenger is also wary of burning out a player who has almost single-handedly kept his side in touching distance of the top four.
Arsenal face Stoke City on Saturday, a physically testing away fixture they have struggled in over the years, and assuming he is selected Sanchez will be playing his 28th game of the season for club and country.
“He is in the red zone, you can see that when he plays, but he can dig deep,” Wenger told reporters on Friday.
“I think he played his 27th game on Wednesday since the start of the season, if you consider the international games and the travelling on top of that.
“Unfortunately you never know how far you can push a player. We are not scientific enough to predict that completely, but he has a great recovery potential. He recovers very quickly, is always sharp and wants to play.”
Sanchez has already made himself a firm favourite with the Arsenal faithful and his late winner against Southampton on Wednesday underlined his importance to the club.
While full of praise for Sanchez, Wenger does not accept that Arsenal are a one-man show.
“On the goalscoring record, you can say (Alexis) is dominant, but in the game of course not. But in goalscoring, he is the dominant figure,” he said.
“He has a huge desire, no complex, and has a fighting attitude that means even when he misses something it doesn’t affect him. He’s very mobile, very determined and he has the sense to be in the right place in the box.”
Sanchez’s work ethic has impressed his team mates too.
“In training he doesn’t even want to do recovery days,” Theo Walcott said in the Daily Telegraph.
“That’s how much he loves football. All the guys have told him he needs to chill out because, at Christmas when all the fixtures come along, it’s going to catch up with you.
“He doesn’t care, he just wants to play and win. He’s a good leader, and something that we haven’t had in the Arsenal team before. He’s a dream to play with.”
Arsenal missing Walcott too
They be without Theo Walcott for Saturday’s Premier League trip to Stoke City as the England forward is still recovering from a thigh injury.
Walcott, who returned to make two brief substitute appearances in November after nearly a year out with a serious knee injury, hurt his thigh while on international duty.
“He has an injection today so he will not play. Galatasaray (in the Champions League) is continued…

This Is Where I Leave You review: Anything can happen. Anything happens all thetimeWritten by Shalini Langer | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:22 pm
A recently departed father, an unstoppable mother, four middlingly successful children, their neighbourhood past flings and one week at the family home. We all know where this is headed. Still Levy, working with a novel and screenplay by Jonathan Tropper, had a good thing going with the cast he brought together. However, a film is not just the sum of its parts, even if many of those parts have to do with sexual anatomy.
So, a running joke in This is Where I Leave You is Hillary’s (Fonda) breast implants. She stuns with them at her husband’s funeral, when hugging her children, and particularly when bent down laying the bed for her son. Another matter of endless humour is eldest son Paul’s (Stoll) efforts to have a child with wife (a wasted Hahn). Wendy’s (Fey) 3-year-old son carries his potty around and shows what he has done inside, while Judd (Jason) walks in on his wife cheating on him with his boss. The fourth and youngest child, Philip (Driver), is an endless flirt.
The four sons and their mother go through the usual cycle of recrimination, remembrance, remorse and rediscovery. If Bateman and Fonda emerge most successfully from it, you can come away with this one line told by Penny (Byrne) to old flame Judd — “Anything can happen. Anything happens all the time.”

Sean Abbott not ready to return to cricketyetBy: Reuters | Sydney |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:19 pm
Sean Abbott might have started his net sessions after overcoming the shock of bowling the fateful bouncer that took Phillip Hughes’ life but the medium-pacer is not yet ready to return to competitive cricket, opting out of this weekends fixtures of Sydney grade competition.
The 22-year-old, who rolled his arm over in the SCG nets at a New South Wales optional training session early this
week, will not play in his club’s clash with Northern Districts, according to Fairfax Media.
Sydney University are preparing for Abbott’s absence but are leaving the option open if he does want to play come
Saturday morning.
Last weekend, all grade cricket was called off to mourn the loss of Hughes, but many clubs believe it is time to get
back out there and dig in.
The East Torrens Cricket Club, Hughes’ Adelaide grade club, is holding a special tribute before their match against
Sturt.
An East Torrens official said no players had asked to sit out this week, including Hughes’ state teammate Adam Zampa, who was playing in the Sheffield Shield match when Hughes was hit.
“Our club has had no one ask to sit out this week,” an official was quoted as saying on ‘Sydney Morning Herald’.
“Players will always remember Phillip Hughes and playing in his memory is important for the club. Along the lines of
Michael Clarke, our players players are ready to dig in and fight on to tea.”
All grade cricket teams are preparing to honour Hughes with 63-second silences, black armbands and painting his baggy green number 408 on the field.

Chuck Todd talks Nationals and compares relative scrutiny of RGIII and Obama in D.C.By Scott Allen December 5 Follow @ScottSAllen
(AP Photo by/NBC, William B. Plowman, File)
NBC’s “Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd was a guest on Comcast SportsNet’s “Sports Talk Live” on Wednesday. In addition to explaining how he became a Packers fan while growing up in Miami and declaring Aaron Rodgers the best quarterback in the NFL, Todd was asked who he thinks faces more scrutiny in D.C. — Robert Griffin III or Barack Obama?
“Well, right now it’s definitely RGIII, come on,” Todd said, laughing along with Sports Talk Live co-hosts Julie Donaldson and Brian Mitchell. “I learned that the hard way. Twenty-five years ago, I remember, I was so excited to come to Washington, D.C., for college and all this stuff. [Todd graduated from GW.] It’s unbelievable to me that the front page of The Washington Post every Monday morning — it didn’t matter what happened, there could be war that was declared — whatever happened about the Redskins was front page news. I definitely think it’s tougher being the quarterback for the Washington Redskins than it is being president of the United States in this town.”
Which would mean there’s an enormous amount of pressure on Colt McCoy these days.
Congrats Redskins, Washington's political gridlock and dysfunction is being used as a punchline on NFL pregame shows for the team and RGIII
At the White House Easter Egg Roll in April, Comcast SportsNet’s Tarik El-Bashir asked Griffin whether the quarterback’s job or Obama’s job was tougher . Griffin sided with POTUS.
“I mean, he’s got to control the whole world basically,” Griffin said. “So there’s a lot of things that come at the president that don’t come at me as a football player. And then there’s other things, like 350-pound linemen, that come at me that don’t come at the president. Each job is hard in its own right, but I’d like to think that being the president of the United States is a little bit harder than being a quarterback in the NFL.”
Todd also talked some Nationals baseball Wednesday, telling Sports Talk Live he’s confident manager Matt Williams “got his mistakes out of the way this year” and that there’s no reason the Nats shouldn’t win 90-plus games again in 2015. Earlier in the day, Todd joined Mike Ferrin and Jim Duquette on SiriusXM’s MLB Network Radio and touched on a variety of topics, including Major League Baseball’s stated desire to speed up the pace of games.
“I think baseball’s overreacting,” said Todd, who shielded his 7-year-old son from Anthony Rendon’s offhand comment during the all-star break that baseball is too long and boring. “They’re so worried about the casual fan, you don’t want to alienate your base. Once you lose your base, whether it’s in politics, or business, or sports, you lose everything.”
On a related note, Todd is generally pro-instant replay, but suggested the ballpark experience during replay reviews could be improved.
“I hate it at the ballpark,” Todd said. “I love it, you want it, when you’re watching on television. I think the problem I have at the ballpark is there’s still a hesitance by clubs to show the replay over and over again the way you get it on television. You get it on television, you get the six angles. That’s something. I do think the ballpark experience needs work. I think, on instant replay, look, I’m generally for it. You have the technology. You can do it fairly quickly. There should be a time limit on the amount of time, or whatever. … The experience as a fan, I want to see it eight different ways on the big scoreboard. What’s the point of having it?”
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

U.S. Adds 321 000 Jobs In November; Unemployment Rate Remains At 5.8%U.S. Adds 321,000 Jobs In November; Unemployment Rate Remains At 5.8%
AP/HuffPost
Updated:
12/05/2014  9:59 am EST
Job seekers, including a woman with a baby, right, fill out paperwork to apply for monthly unemployment insurance benefits. | Bloomberg via Getty Images
The U.S. economy added 321,000 jobs in November, as the unemployment rate remained at 5.8 percent, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Friday.
More from the Associated Press:
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers added a whopping 321,000 jobs in November, the biggest burst of hiring in nearly three years and the latest sign that the United States is outperforming other economies throughout the developed world.
The Labor Department also said Friday that 44,000 more jobs were added in September and October combined than the government had previously estimated. Job gains have averaged 241,000 a month this year, putting 2014 on track to be the strongest year for hiring since 1999.
The unemployment rate remained at a six-year low of 5.8 percent last month.
The robust job gains come after the economy expanded from April through September at its fastest pace in 11 years. The additional jobs should support steady growth in coming months.
Average hourly wages rose 9 cents to $24.66 last month, the biggest gain in 17 months. Yet in the past 12 months, hourly pay is up just 2.1 percent, barely ahead of the 1.7 percent inflation rate.
The job gains were fueled in part by strong hiring in retail, temporary services and transportation and warehousing. Those increases likely reflect seasonal hiring for the winter holidays. Shipping companies have announced ambitious plans: UPS has said it expects to add up to 95,000 seasonal workers, up from 85,000 last year. FedEx plans to hire 50,000, up from 40,000.
But the hiring also extended across many other parts of the economy. Manufacturers added 28,000 jobs, the most in a year. Education and health services added 38,000. And professional and business services, a category that includes temps but also higher-paying jobs in fields such as accounting and engineering, gained the most in four years.
The data could raise pressure on the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates early next year. Many economists have forecast that they won't do so until around June of 2015. The Fed has kept rates near a record low of nearly zero for six years, in an effort to lift borrowing and spending.
"As Fed officials keep stressing, the decision is data dependent and these data are pretty conclusive: Labor market conditions are improving at breakneck speed," said Paul Ashworth, an economist at Capital Economics.
The improving U.S. job market contrasts with weakness elsewhere around the globe. Growth among the 18 European nations in the euro alliance is barely positive, and the eurozone's unemployment rate is 11.5 percent. Japan is in recession.
China's growth has slowed as it seeks to rein in excessive lending tied to real estate development. Other large developing countries, including Russia and Brazil, are also straining to grow.
Most economists say the United States will likely continue to strengthen despite the sluggishness overseas. The U.S. economy is much less dependent on exports than are Germany, China and Japan. U.S. growth is fueled more by its large domestic market and free-spending consumers, who account for about 70 percent of the economy.
That trend helps support the steady U.S. job growth. Most of the industries that have enjoyed the strongest job gains depend on the U.S. market rather than on overseas demand. Retailers, restaurants and hotels, and education and health care, for example, have been among the most consistent sources of healthy hiring since the recession officially ended in 2009.
Manufacturing, which is more exposed to overseas ups and downs, has added jobs for most of the recovery but in smaller numbers. That is a likely reason why pay growth has been tepid since the recession ended. Companies and industries that are more exposed to international competition typically pay higher salaries.
Most recent figures on the economy have been encouraging. Americans are buying more cars, which will likely keep factories busy in coming months. Auto sales last month rose to their second-fastest pace this year. Car sales are on track to rise 6 percent this year from 2013.
And a survey by the Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, showed that services firms expanded at nearly the fastest pace in eight years last month. Retailers, hotels, construction firms and other service companies added jobs, the survey found, though more slowly than in October.
The ISM's separate survey of manufacturing firms showed that factories are expanding at a brisk pace. New orders and order backlogs rose, pointing to steady growth in coming months.
There have been some signs of moderating growth. Consumer spending rose only modestly in October. And businesses ordered fewer big-ticket manufactured goods that month, excluding the volatile aircraft category. That indicates that companies are holding back on investment.
As a result, most economists have forecast that the economy will slow in the final three months of the year to an annual pace of 2.5 percent. That would be down from a 4.3 percent pace from April to September, the fastest six-month pace since 2003.
More:

Govt to constitute committee to outline roadmap for Air IndiaGovt to set up expert panel for Air India revival plan
Sharmistha Mukherjee & Aneesh Phadnis | New Delhi/Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:23 AM IST
By the end of this month, the government will constitute an expert committee, comprising senior personnel with experience in the aviation industry, to set a road map for the cash-strapped public-sector carrier, Air India.
The committee of four or five experts will be asked to give by March-April a report outlining measures to help the carrier realise its full potential.
Separately, Air India is seeking a mid-term review of its turnaround plan, after several of the initial estimates regarding fuel price, exchange rate and market growth turned out to be wrong.
“We are examining options of inducting former civil aviation secretaries and former Air India chairmen-cum-managing directors in the committee. Former Air India managing director Michael Mascarenhas would be a good person to have on board,” said a senior civil aviation ministry official.
Veterans with extensive knowledge of the transport infrastructure sector, such as former Delhi Metro Rail Corporation chairman E Sreedharan, could also be approached. However, the priority is inducting professionals from civil aviation background.
The panel is being constituted according to objectives outlined in the draft civil aviation policy, unveiled by minister Pusapati Ashok Gajapati Raju last month. While privatisation of Air India will not take place immediately, the minister had said he did not rule out the option for the state carrier in future.
“An expert committee would be set up soon to develop a road map for Air India. All these suggestions have emerged. We don’t want to open a Pandora’s Box. We will have to take a conscious decision, as it is a delicate matter,” Raju had said.
Raju and Minister of State for Civil Aviation Mahesh Sharma are set to meet Air India Chairman & Managing Director Rohit Nandan on Saturday to review the airline's financial and operational performance.
In 2012, the central government had approved a financial restructuring and turnaround plan for the carrier, promising equity support, loan guarantees and cash infusion. The equity infusion was to take place if Air India showed improvement in its performance.
The airline has improved occupancy, yields, punctuality and fleet utilisation and cut down on loss-making routes, but it has slipped on financial parameters.
Air India's losses widened to Rs 5,389 crore in 2013-14, primarily due to high operational costs. It also missed the target of Rs 1,040 crore in operational profit. The net loss was Rs 5,100 crore in 2012-13 and Rs 7,100 crore in 2011-12.
The September quarter of 2013-14 was the worst for the airline; it missed its revenue target by Rs 700 crore because of lower passenger load and a local fare war, said sources. Air India, however, hit the 2013-14 revenue target of Rs 19,300 crore.
"The turnaround plan was finalised on certain assumptions regarding global crude oil prices and the exchange rate. While the crude oil price is falling now and is obviously beneficial to us, it crossed $110 a barrel last year and impacted the airline. Similarly, market and demand growth have not been to expectation. The government needs to conduct a mid-term review of the turnaround plan," said an Air India source.
"Intensifying competition and the government's move to give traffic rights to Gulf carriers have impacted us more," the source added.
On asset monetisation, too, Air India's assumptions were wrong. The airline had factored in Rs 1,200 crore in asset monetisation last year but was unable to conclude land deals.

US smashes forecast with 321 000 jobs in NovemberAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Over-subscribed 2 times  SAIL disinvestment offer bags Rs 1 725 crComments
The government’s plan to raise capital by disinvesting its stake in various public sector undertakings (PSUs) got off to a flying start on Friday with its offer-for-sale of 5% stake in public steel sector firm Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) getting oversubscribed by over two times, mopping up Rs. 1,715 crore for the national exchequer.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
A shortfall in revenues may prompt the government to raise indirect taxes — it has already done it twice in petrol and diesel in the last two months — hurting prices.
The high demand for shares of SAIL, both with retail investors (oversubscribed 2.6 times) and non-retail sector (oversubscribed 1.8 times), could pave the way for speedier disinvestment in various other PSUs.
“In order to facilitate retail investors, a 5% price discount was offered to them,” a finance ministry statement said.
In September, the government had approved share sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Ltd (CIL), NHPC and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) — that can potentially earn the exchequer about Rs. 44,000 crore.
There are, however, a few roadblocks that the government may have to overcome. Upstream firms such as ONGC sell crude to domestic oil retailers at a discount linked to global crude prices.
The discount rate rising over the years and the fall in the crude prices recently has had a bearing on ONGC’s bottomlines. The company wants this issue to be resolved before divesting the government stake.
Labour unions, on the other hand, are opposed to stake sale in CIL, which could upset disinvestment plans and have threatened to go on strike if the government goes ahead with the stake sale.
The government has budgeted to earn Rs. 43,425 crore target by selling shares in public sector companies in 2014-15. Besides, it also hopes to earn another Rs. 15,000 crore by selling minority stakes in non-government firms such as ITC, L&T and Axis Bank.
India has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years. Last year, it could raise only Rs. 16,027 crore, against the budgeted Rs. 40,000 crore.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has made it mandatory for listed PSUs to pare government shareholding to 75% within the next three years.

Jyoti is from a village  forgive her: PM ModiComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

Infy focuses on small acquisitions  entering new segmentsDec 05, 2014, 07.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Infy focuses on small acquisitions, entering new segments
For acquisition, Infosys is looking at companies working on technologies like AI, automation, Internet of Things (IoT) as well as collaboration and design technologies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infy focuses on small acquisitions, entering new segments
For acquisition, Infosys is looking at companies working on technologies like AI, automation, Internet of Things (IoT) as well as collaboration and design technologies.
Post your opinion here
 
Country's second largest software services firm  Infosys is focusing on entering new segments and acquiring small innovative companies as the company looks to get its industry bellwether status back.
Speaking at analysts meet, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said the company will look at firms working on "technologies of tomorrow" like artificial intelligence (AI) and automation for acquisition. "Of course our key focus is our own organic growth, our renewal from within, but we believe that it is necessary to complement this with an active inorganic strategy as well," Sikka said.
For acquisition, Infosys is looking at companies working on technologies like AI, automation, Internet of Things (IoT) as well as collaboration and design technologies.
Sikka, who took over as Infosys CEO in August, said the IT company is focusing on renewing its core business as well as building new capabilities like design thinking, which will help the 33-year old firm regain industry bellwether status. "We are also looking at underpenetrated segments as well as some geographic regions but not only from the perspective of just buying services companies in those areas but looking at innovation that can be brought with that focus," he said.
He added that the Bangalore-based firm would continue its global engagement with the start-up ecosystem. "Start ups are great young ones and we have been working with start up companies to bring them to our clients, to invest in them and to extend their capabilities with our own engineering and other operational services," Sikka said.
Following a laggard financial performance, Infosys had brought its co-founder NR Narayana Murthy back from retirement to head the firm. He was put in charge to put Infosys back on a high-growth trajectory at a time when peers like  TCS and  HCL Tech were out-performing Infosys.
However, in the last few quarters, Infosys also witnessed an exodus of senior level executives. "There is this duality of renew and new. The duality that we see is renewing of core business...In parallel to that renewal is each of the businesses are looking at new areas, new ways of reaching customers and markets (and using new technologies)," Sikka said.
He said Infosys is building new kinds of capabilities with design thinking being one of them. "Transformation like the one we are on will take time. For sure, it will not happen in a short time ... All these steps that we have talked about, we at Infosys again can aspire to become leading bellwether IT company that we used to be over the long term," he added.
Infosys stock price
On December 10, 2014, Infosys closed at Rs 1937.65, up Rs 13.35, or 0.69 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4401.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1447.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 101.90 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 366.51 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.29.
RELATED NEWS

Eric Garner Protests223 Arrested as Protesters, Police Clash in New York City Over Eric Garner Decision
Dec 5, 2014, 8:05 AM ET
By ABC NEWS via Good Morning America
Police make arrests after protesters rallying against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner attempted to block traffic at the intersection of 42nd Street and Seventh Avenue near Times Square, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York.
Jason DeCrow/AP Photo
Share
Copy
New York City Police arrested 223 people in overnight protests, the second consecutive night of demonstrations in opposition to a grand jury’s decision not to indict officers in the choke hold death of Staten Island man Eric Garner.
Many of the arrests involved charges for disorderly conduct or refusal to clear the streets, authorities told ABC News.
John Minchillo/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protestor Rayyan Ali cries as her protest group occupies Herald Square Dec. 4, 2014, in New York, in response to a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.
The protesters gathered in downtown Manhattan's Foley Square and chanted "I can't breathe" and "No justice, no peace" before marching across the Brooklyn Bridge, carrying replicas of coffins. Another group started in Harlem. The marchers also disrupted traffic near the Holland Tunnel, the Manhattan Bridge and on the West Side Highway.
A brief clash was reported between protesters and police in Times Square, but the situation was brought under control.
Jason DeCrow/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protesters rally against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner in Foley Square, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York.
Some of the protesters voice their feelings using attire.
John Minchillo/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protesters occupy Herald Square during march, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York, against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.
The grand jury’s vote not to bring an indictment in Garner’s death – along with a similar outcome to the August police shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri – has brought national unrest, with demonstrations in cities such as Washington, D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Detroit and Denver.
Jason DeCrow/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protesters rally against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner in Foley Square, Dec. 4, 2014, in New York.
Civil rights leaders are hopeful about a forthcoming federal investigation into Garner’s death, but said reform is needed. At a news conference in New York after a night of protests led to 83 arrests, the Rev. Al Sharpton called the state-level grand jury system "broken" when it comes to police brutality cases and urged federal authorities to fix it.
"The federal government must do in the 21st century what it did in the mid-20th century," he said. "Federal intervention must come now and protect people from state grand juries."
John Minchillo/AP Photo
PHOTO: Protestors occupy Herald Square during march Dec. 4, 2014, in New York, against a grand jury's decision not to indict the police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.
Politicians and others talked about the need for better police training, body cameras and changes in the grand jury process to restore faith in the legal system.
"A whole generation of officers will be trained in a new way," New York Mayor Bill de Blasio vowed as he and his police commissioner outlined previously announced plans to teach officers how to communicate better with people on the street.
President Obama also weighed in, saying one of the chief issues at stake is "making sure that people have confidence that police and law enforcement and prosecutors are serving everybody equally."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Economy adds 321 000 jobs in November
Jon Stewart talks Eric Garner (again). And bashes Rand Paul.Get More: Daily Show Full Episodes , The Daily Show on Facebook , Daily Show Video Archive
On Thursday night, Jon Stewart apologized for his Daily Show segment from the previous night, where he said he "didn't know what to say" about the lack of an indictment after the death of Eric Garner. He was wrong, a shooter did get indicted. The shooter of the video of the death.
The night before, Jon Stewart began his show discussing the grand jury decision in the Eric Garner case, saying, "I honestly don't know what to say. If comedy is tragedy plus time, I need more (expletive) time."
The district attorney in San Bernandino County, Mike Ramos, took issue with  a previous Stewart segment that aired Monday , saying “they had their facts all wrong."
Outside of the studio, mass protests were shutting down streets in Manhattan, as well as in many other cities across the county.
Correction: A previous version of this post said that Mike Ramos objected to a Daily Show clip from Wednesday. The segment aired on Monday.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

U.S. added 321 000 jobs in November; jobless rate held at 5.8%By Chico Harlan December 5 Follow @chicoharlan
A months-long hiring spree has pushed the U.S. labor market closer to full health, providing workers with their best chance since the financial crisis to find higher-paying jobs or enjoy see long-awaited wage increases.
On Friday, the government announced that the U.S. economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the best figure in nearly three years, keeping the country on track for the strongest annual job growth since the late 1990s. That performance, coming even as other advanced economies slump, has lifted hopes among economists and U.S. officials that a slow, six-year recovery is beginning to yield substantial benefits for ordinary workers.
Workers are not only reentering the labor force from the sidelines, data show, but also growing increasingly likely to have the to confidence to quit their jobs and move to better ones that pay more or more closely match their skills.  
“We are kind of hitting that point where the tide is turning, and the labor market is more in favor of the worker than it has been in many years,” said Tara Sinclair, chief economist at Indeed.com, a job search Web site.
For several years, the U.S. recovery has felt stubbornly incomplete: Jobs have come back while wages have stagnated. But the latest numbers came with nascent signs of wage growth, the result of qualified individuals reentering the workforce, putting pressure on companies to retain their best employees or bid for new applicants.
According to Labor Department data Friday, average hourly wages spiked 0.37 percent from October to November, the sharpest month-to-month change in more than a year.
If salaries continue to grow, economists say, Americans will be taking home more money even as they spend less as the pump, due to falling oil and gasoline prices. The potent combination wouldboost the amount of money Americans have to spend and provide a broader lift to the economy.
 Still, economists said it was far too early to declare that a robust wage recovery had begun. Over the course of a year, hourly earnings are still up only 2.1 percent, just a tick above the inflation rate, but weekly earnings provide a more encouraging sign. The average American last month took home $853.24 per month — a 2.4 percent increase from the $833.18 figure of a year earlier — partly because of working longer hours.
“One month does not make a trend, but I am encouraged,” Department of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez said Friday in an interview. “One of the best ways to lift wages is to pick up the pace of job creation, which is exactly what we’re doing. Because job creation will trigger more upward pressure on wages.”
Some economists said that November’s data has put the American economy in its best position in years. The unemployment rate remains at 5.8 percent, a post-recession low point. So far this year, the United States has added some 2.65 million jobs, an average of about 241,000 a month. For 10 straight months now, the economy has added at least 200,000 jobs. That hasn’t happened since 1994.
President Obama said on Friday that the United States has added more jobs over the last four years than Europe, Japan, and all other advanced countries combined. Other U.S. officials noted that job growth in November was driven by traditionally blue-collar or higher-skill sectors, a contrast to the low-wage boom earlier in the recovery.
In November, the business and professional services sector — accountants, engineers, administrators — added 86,000 jobs, tops among all industries. This year, the country has added about 15,000 manufacturing jobs per month, more than double the pace from 2013. Construction has added about 21,000 per month this year, compared with 13,000 per month in 2013.
“The labor market is healing faster than almost any analysts expected just a few months ago,” Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West, said Friday.
In one sign of labor market confidence, workers have grown more likely to quit their jobs, meaning they’ve either received new employment offers or feel confident they will. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, the “quit rate,” as it is known, now stands at 2.2 percent among private workers. From July 2008 to July 2014 the rate never surpassed 2 percent.
People grow likelier to leave their jobs when the broader economy is functioning well, and in recent months, some have taken positions they couldn’t find earlier in the recovery. Others have left jobs they disliked and reentered the hunt.
Some, like Daniel Ovalles, 25, have found new jobs they never even expected.
Ovalles, who has an engineering degree from Texas A&M, has the kind of story that would have sounded jarring a few years earlier: An opportunity literally landed in his LinkedIn inbox.
At the time he received the note, Ovalles was working a terrific job that was also a major grind. He spent his time in the remote Texas oilfields as a field engineer for Schlumberger, an oil services company.
Ovalles made $150,000 annually, but he was on the road so often that he didn’t even have an apartment. He’d bounce from job to job — Midland, Tex.; Laredo; Victoria — working 12-hour shifts, spending his down time in a mobile trailer he shared with three other employees.
The e-mail came from Murray Resources, a Houston-based staffing and recruiting agency that has doubled its own staff in the last year to keep pace with increased demand —  likely the result of a stronger overall economy combined with a domestic energy boom.
Murray contacted Ovalles on behalf of BC Johnson, a risk management consulting firm that specializes in the energy industry. Murray noticed Ovalles’ LinkedIn profile — his oil field work; his fluency in Spanish — and thought he’d be a good fit.
Ovalles, at first, didn’t pay the inquiry any attention. Then he spent three more weeks in the field.
“That’s when you start going crazy,” he said. “So I looked at it again.”
He put in his two-weeks’ notice and thanked Schlumberger for the opportunity.
Now, in his new job, which he started in October, Ovalles works from 8 a.m. until 4 p.m. He has a 15-minute commute from his apartment. His salary is slightly reduced, but he feels he traded up, taking an opportunity that might not have been available several years earlier.
“You have to have that life balance,” he said, “and in my old job I didn’t.”
 

U.S. monthly job gains largest in three years; wages riseJobless claims fall; continuing claims up
US Adds 321k Jobs, Jobless Rate Stays 5.8 Pct.
U.S. employers hired at the strongest pace in nearly three years in November, adding 321,000 jobs, the latest sign the United States is outperforming other major economies by growing steadily and generating consistently healthy job gains. (Dec. 5)
U.S. employers hired at the strongest pace in nearly three years in November, adding 321,000 jobs, the latest sign the United States is outperforming other major economies by growing steadily and generating consistently healthy job gains. (Dec. 5)
Reuters
November marked the 10th straight month that job growth has exceeded 200,000
There are signs the strengthening labor market conditions are starting to spur faster wage growth
Unemployment rate holds steady at a 6-year low of 5.8 percent
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell last week, pointing to a strengthening labor market.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped by 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 294,000 for the week ended Dec. 6, the Labor Department said on Thursday. The prior week's data was unrevised.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims falling to 295,000 last week.
More than 200 employees of Banco Popular in Rosemont will lose their jobs at the end of the year as the bank closes its back-office operations after selling its branches to First Midwest Bancorp earlier this year. ( Ameet Sachdev )
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, ticked up by 250 to 299,250, holding below the 300,000 mark for the 13th straight month.
A Labor Department analyst said there were no special factors influencing last week's claims data. There is little doubt that the labor market is gathering steam.
Job gains in November were the largest in nearly three years and marked the 10th straight month of increases above 200,000, the longest such stretch since 1994.
The claims report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid increased by 142,000 to 2.51 million in the week ended Nov. 29.

Futures drift higher ahead of key jobs reportWall Street dips in volatile trade; oil prices fall further
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
0
The S&P 500 energy index <.SPNY> bounced between positive and negative territory but ended down 0.7 percent after U.S. crude  settled off 3.3 percent at $55.91, hitting fresh 5-1/2 year lows. Both U.S. crude and Brent have fallen roughly 50 percent from highs in June.
"The question of lower global demand ... and how that translates into global economic growth, is a worry for investors," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Utility and financial shares were also among the day's biggest losers, with shares of JPMorgan Chase  down 1.5 percent at $59.16.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 99.99 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,180.84, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.7 points, or 0.63 percent, to 1,989.63 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 48.44 points, or 1.04 percent, to 4,605.16.
The S&P 500 ended below its 50-day moving average in a sign of possible further selling.
Shares of pet supply retailer PetSmart  rose 4.2 percent to $80.97 after it agreed to be bought by a private equity consortium led by BC Partners Ltd for $8.7 billion, in the largest leveraged buyout of the year.
Among the day's economic numbers, U.S. manufacturing output recorded its largest increase in nine months in November as production expanded across the board, pointing to underlying strength in the economy. However, the New York Federal Reserve's gauge of manufacturing turned negative in December for the first time in almost two years.
About 8.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 7.4 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancers 2,354 to 749, for a 3.14-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,962 issues fell and 790 advanced for a 2.48-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 34 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 40 new highs and 179 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Why more investors are rushing to mutual fund housesHi Guest
Why more investors are rushing to mutual fund houses
Driven by addition in equity fund folios, mutual fund houses have registered a rise of over 3.5 lakh investor accounts in the first eight months of the ongoing 2014-15 fiscal. The addition comes after fund houses lost about 33 lakh investor accounts in the entire previous fiscal. Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts, though one investor can have multiple folios. According to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) data on total investor accounts with 45 fund ...

Kiran bhau tu purush nahi mahapurush aaheCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear vishal potty son  bharti cmp is 367  i m asking buy at 363-365 ...Reposted about 8 hrs 27 min 52 sec ago by New Boarder
dear at 8580 i told tukka 9060 will nt come in this series.
but he never accept gud advise.
but i accepted his gud advise on bharti , i earned in bharti long n short both side.

Ha bhau refrigerator madhil pani thand aheCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Kya ho gaya kiran ji why u r laughing like thatCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

SIX Swiss Exchange woos Indian companies to get them listedSIX Swiss Exchange woos Indian companies to make them listed
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec 5:  
Leading European bourse SIX Swiss Exchange is wooing Indian industrial and life sciences companies to get listed on its platform.
A three-member team is visiting the city to target companies including players in automobile and auto ancillary, pharmaceutical, biotech and medtech, the exchange said in a release.
It said the Swiss financial centre and SIX Swiss Exchange hold strong appeal for industrial and life sciences companies.
The exchange with over $1,335 billion of free float market capitalisation, representing over 40 per cent of the European market capitalisation of listed life sciences companies and with P/E ratios for industrials (as measured for the year to June 2014) averaging above 18x, has many advantages to offer.
Stating that Switzerland has longstanding tradition in the life science sector, it said Switzerland has the world’s highest number per capita of biotech and medtech companies, and it gives listing companies wanting to diversify their investor base the unique advantage of access to the huge Swiss capital market.
“With nearly 60 Industrial companies listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the industrial sector together with the Financial and Life Sciences industry, is one of the most important industries on our exchange,” said Marco Estermann, Head Issuer Relations, SIX Swiss Exchange.
“The Life Sciences industry accounts for approximately one-third of the total market capitalisation of SIX Swiss Exchange. With approximately 43 per cent of the European life sciences market capitalisation, we are the leading European exchange in this sector,” he added.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Uber  taxi driver© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1a49e1ee-7bdd-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar  yields jump after sturdy jobs reportStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hiring falls short of expectations in November  report findsBusiness Breaking Business
Hiring falls short of expectations in November, report finds
People speak with job recruiters at the Nassau County Mega Job Fair at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York
Shannon Stapleton Reuters,
Moody's Corporation
U.S. private employers added 208,000 jobs in November, falling short of economists' expectations, a report by a payrolls processor showed on Wednesday.
Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report would show a gain of 221,000 jobs.
October's private payrolls were revised up to 233,000 from the previously reported 230,000.
Private employers have now added jobs for 57 straight months at an average rate of about 186,000 per month.
The report is jointly developed with Moody's Analytics.
0
"The labor market continues to make steady progress," Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and head of the ADP Research Institute, said on a conference call following the data's release.
The ADP figures come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive nonfarm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private sector employment.
Economists polled by Reuters are looking for total U.S. employment to have grown by 230,000 jobs in November, up from 214,000 in October, with private-sector hiring seen at 218,000 compared with 209,000 the month before. The unemployment rate is seen holding steady at 5.8 percent, its lowest since July 2008.
Breaking the data down by business size and type, growth was led by small companies with fewer than 50 employees and by firms in the services sector.
Small employers added 101,000 jobs compared with about 103,000 in October. Medium firms, with between 50 and 499 workers, expanded their payrolls by 65,000, down from 122,000 the previous month, which had seen the briskest hiring by that sector since February 2007.
The strong pace of small-business hiring, in particular, is "another sign of an economy that is returning to health," Yildirmaz said.
Meanwhile, large firms, with 500 or more workers, added 42,000 after having hired just 7,500 in October, which had been the weakest hiring pace among big companies since January 2013.
Service-providing employers added 176,000 jobs last month compared with about 187,000 in October.
Meanwhile, goods-producing companies added 32,000, down from 46,000 the month before.
And manufacturers hired 11,000 new workers after growing their payrolls by about 13,000 in October.
(Reporting by Dan Burns; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)

Baker Hughes and Shell to trial AIBaker Hughes and Shell to trial artificial intelligence software
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56b9320e-7af4-11e4-8646-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The year of the political strongmanThis is the year of the political strongman
Philip Stephens
They are busy retelling history as a way of rekindling past glories and reviving old grievances
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79059a84-7a25-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weve reached a tipping point when Charles Krauthammer is more outspoken on police abuses than Barack ObamaBy Emily Badger December 4 Follow @emilymbadger
Protestors shout at Times Square after it was announced that the New York City police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner is not being indicted, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014, in New York. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)
It's a common condolence for politicians to urge angry communities to "have their voices heard" in response to signs of systemic injustice. Barack Obama has used the phrase since Ferguson. So has Eric Holder , and even St. Louis County prosecutor Robert McCulloch , the night he announced that a grand jury would not indict the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown.
The idea, of course, is that a voice is a potent tool for creating change, particularly for people who possess little other power. But the more accurate reality is that change starts to feel imminent not when the likely voices grow louder, but when the unlikely ones start to speak up. This is why it's a big deal — if an awkward commentary on whose words matter most — that conservatives seem appalled, too, by Wednesday's news that a New York Police Department officer won't be indicted in the death of Eric Garner .
Michael Steele, the former chairman of the Republican National Committee, said this on MSNBC in response to the latest grand jury announcement: "They tell us, at least, a prosecutor can indict a ham sandwich. Well clearly a black man's life is not worth a ham sandwich when you put these stories together."
Here is Senator Rand Paul, a potential Republican presidential candidate, saying that it's hard to watch the video of Garner's death and "not be horrified by it":
And here is conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer, on Fox News, calling the latest grand jury decision "totally incomprehensible" :
For reasons that Aaron Blake points out over at The Fix , the politics around Eric Garner's death have been different from those around Michael Brown's.
In the New York case, caught on tape, there are fewer details to dispute, leaving bare some painful points of consensus: An unarmed black man died after an NYPD officer apparently wrapped an arm around his neck, deploying a tactic banned by his department. The man's alleged crime was selling illegal cigarettes. He repeatedly cried that he couldn't breathe as he was dying.
That this story has drawn bipartisan condemnation is what makes it feel like a tipping point. The fact that Michael Steele has been more blunt than Barack Obama thus far makes it seem as if liberals and conservatives are finally watching the same event, staring down the same problem, not opposing versions of it .
This isn't to say that the voices of protesters aren't meaningful, too. But protest is largely the expression of people who knew that police bias and excessive force were problems before Michael Brown and Eric Garner died. When partisans who haven't said much about these issues before start to speak up, too, that's a sign that a larger swathe of America may be waking up to that reality, too.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Unilever: I cant believe its not a spin-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/364e3394-7bcf-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Recap: 2014 s red carpet blazersBigg Boss 8
2014's Hottest Red Carpet looks
With the awards season in full swing we give you our pick of the best dressed divas to hit the red carpet in 2014.
Stylefactor CelebStyle  Photo by Getty Images Wed 26 Feb, 2014 2:30 AM IST
Trending now
Prev Next
Kareena Kapoor lived up to her name as the current high priestess of Bollywood fashion in this Namrata Joshipura sequined gown.
Kareena Kapoor lived up to her name as the current high priestess of Bollywood fashion in this Namrata Joshipura sequined gown.

New York police union official blames media over Eric Garner caseBy Erik Wemple December 4 Follow @ErikWemple
Visitors gather at a memorial in Staten Island where Eric Garner died during an arrest in July. (Eduardo Munoz/Reuters) 
MSNBC host Tamron Hall this morning interviewed Ed Mullins, president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association, in an enlightening conversation about the case of 43-year-old Eric Garner, who died in July after a New York police department officer put him in a chokehold. The news yesterday that a Staten Island grand jury didn’t indict the officer, Daniel Pantaleo, has ignited protests and fresh questions about policing in American cities.
Mullins told Hall that the current conversation over the case is missing something: “What’s not being discussed anywhere across the board is the totality of what’s involved in policing,” said the police union official. After discussing how the chokehold is banned under NYPD rules and other legal permutations of the case, Mullins said, “Unfortunately — this conversation you and I are having is covering a lot of ground related to the law — and a lot of media is not educating everyone as to what the law is, and what the duties of a police officer are. … Not to put any blame on any one individual, but in accordance with law, he was given a lawful order that he didn’t comply with.”
Please, no media-bashing on the Eric Garner case. The only piece of media that matters here is the videotape that shows a white officer (Pantaleo) taking down an unarmed black man (Garner) over some petty offense (selling “loosie” cigarettes) in what should have been a routine and innocuous interaction.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Huge shakeup at The New Republic showcases an old tensionBy Erik Wemple December 4 Follow @ErikWemple
Sean Eldridge, president, Hudson River Ventures, and Chris Hughes, editor in chief and publisher of The New Republic and a founder of Facebook, attend the Paris Review Spring Revel in New York, U.S., on Tuesday, April 3, 2012. The benefit celebrated the literary magazine’s 200th issue. (Amanda Gordon/Bloomberg)
There was a telling moment at the New Republic’s centennial celebration last month in the stately Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium. New  CEO Guy Vidra , recently appointed by owner (and Facebook co-founder) Chris Hughes, took the podium to discuss the magazine’s challenges and opportunities in a digital age, just as any modern-day media mogul would do. When he referenced the name of The New Republic’s top editor, however, he mispronounced it: “Frank FOY-er,” he said.
“That’s indicative of his familiarity and interest in Frank’s impact on the magazine, on the website,” says a TNR editorial staffer familiar with the disconnect between the magazine’s new leadership and Foer himself, who has served as editor since 2012, his second stint in the position.
This afternoon, a shower of memos sprung from New Republic e-mail accounts, announcing a significant shakeup, as first reported by Politico’s Dylan Byers : Foer was out as editor-in-chief, to be replaced by Gabriel Snyder of Bloomberg Media, and formerly editor of Atlantic Wire and Gawker . In his memo, Vidra wrote of his new top editor, “He is committed – as am I – to The New Republic’s mission of impact, influence and persuasion, but understands that fulfilling that mission in today’s media landscape requires new forms,” reads the memo. “He truly reflects the ‘straddle generation’ of journalists and editors who remain deeply rooted in the qualities of traditional journalism – having worked with brands such as the New York Observer and The Atlantic – but also understands what it takes to create content that will travel across all platforms. We believe he is the right person to help us to maintain the core DNA of The New Republic, while propelling us forward to the 21st century.”
In that same missive, Vidra announced that the frequency of the New Republic’s print edition would drop from 20 to 10 issues a year. In conjunction with the print reduction, Vidra promises something chilling: “[W]e will also be making some changes to staff structure. This is not a decision we make lightly, but we believe this restructuring is critical to the long-term success of the company.”
Are layoffs coming? Nobody knows. According to one internal source, there was chatter in the office of a mass departure, in large part because the staff was loyal to Foer. “Everyone loves Frank,” says the internal source. Staffers say that Foer found out about his ouster not from Hughes and Vidra but rather through the grapevine, as word of Snyder’s hiring seeped into his socio-professional network.
More big news in the memo: The New Republic’s New York arm is moving to “a newly re-designed, expanded office in New York’s Union Square. New York was the original home of The New Republic, and we’re thrilled to further expand our presence here.” (The D.C. office will remain put). And in case you haven’t heard, famed literary editor Leon Wieseltier is out in the purge.
A newish, tech-oriented New Republic in a sleek New York office won’t surprise staffers who’ve interacted with Vidra, a former general manager of Yahoo News and former head of business development at The Washington Post, since his announcement as the New Republic’s CEO in September. According to an informed source, Vidra introduced himself to the staff in a meeting where he spoke grandly of the digital imperatives of the magazine. What was absent from the session was any nod to the work of Foer. “There was no deference to Frank,” says a source.
Vidra’s insertion comes after some strategic shifting at the New Republic. In 2012, multimillionaire Hughes bought a majority stake in the magazine and determinedly set out to pound Washington with its relevance. He doubled the editorial staff of 15; he hired Foer; he opened a New York office; and he talked big: “I want everyone from Michael Bloomberg to Zadie Smith to Sheryl Sandberg to read The New Republic,” he told the New York Times .
Though Hughes had come from the world of technology, his magazine’s initial strategy came from the world of media. The staff build-out created separate and unequal fiefdoms of youngsters who toiled away primarily on NewRepublic.com and more experienced writers who did good, big pieces for the print edition (and which also did well on NewRepublic.com). The websters didn’t stick around: Lydia DePillis left the New Republic for the Washington Post’s Wonkblog; Noreen Malone left for New York Magazine; Molly Redden left for Mother Jones ; Marc Tracy eventually left for the New York Times.
According to three sources, the Hughes regime realized in mid-2013 that it couldn’t sustain a great print magazine and a great web project at the same time. Its efforts to boost print subscriptions weren’t producing the dividends it needed, nor was it pulling in enough print advertising. So it started to pivot toward a more web-trafficky approach. For this tack, it grabbed the prolific Brian Beutler from Salon.com as well as Danny Vinik and Rebecca Leber, from ThinkProgress . As part of the turn towards webbiness, the New Republic started imitating others last June, launching QED , a boutique-y version of Wonkblog-Vox.com, FiveThirtyEight, The Upshot — you know, smart people explaining stuff with a bit of opinion thrown in.
The push toward a digital emphasis hit a new level with Vidra’s hiring. In a recent New York Times interview , Vidra touted a focus on storytelling approaches that “travel well” on the Internet. Seeking a bit more explanation on that topic, the Erik Wemple Blog last month received this explanation from Vidra:
Our aim is to find forms of storytelling that resonate with online audiences, not just to drive traffic, but to have readers engage deeply with The New Republic. Our long form journalism is one form of storytelling that readers consistently flock to. Pieces that challenge, provoke, and elevate the discourse perform extremely well online. For example, William Deresiewicz’s cover story on the Ivy League (our most read story of all time), Noam Scheiber’s cover story on Valerie Jarrett, and Franklin Foer’s cover story on Amazon are some of our most read articles this past month. A very relevant example of extending our storytelling into new formats that travel well online is our 100 Thinkers project. We brought 100 Thinkers to life on the web earlier this week after having our developers, designers and writers work collaboratively from ideation to execution. The results have been very positive with readers engaging deeply, spending a significant amount of time navigating through the microsite and sharing it broadly on Facebook and Twitter. While not a 5,000 word essay, it challenges our readers’ assumptions about the world and we’ll continue to experiment with storytelling forms like this.
Those are telling words, in hindsight. For one, Vidra cites as aspirational the work of a guy whose firing he just effected ( Foer’s Amazon piece , that is). And for another, he lauds Scheiber’s excellent piece on Jarrett , titled “The Obama Whisperer: No one has understood Valerie Jarrett’s role, until now.” Had he cared to include other examples of that New Republic genre, he might have cited Alec MacGillis’s stunning September 2013 investigation of Bill Clinton aide Doug Band ; MacGillis’s in-depth profile of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ; Jonathan Cohn’s investigation into “ the barely regulated, unsafe business of looking after our children “; and a whole lot of Julia Ioffe reporting on Russia .
Those, and others like them, are the hallmarks of Foer’s second go-round at the New Republic. At the centennial gala, Foer and others, including Wieseltier, waxed grandiose about the New Republic’s history as a journal of ideas, of great debates, of concepts and “blah blah blah.” The celebration, the costs of which the New Republic wouldn’t divulge, offered as party gifts a large tome of great New Republic essays going back to its beginnings. The Erik Wemple Blog spent Thanksgiving break with the book and enjoyed the thinking of Walter Lippmann, Margaret Talbot, Wieseltier and many others. Indeed, the featured works align with the notion of an idea-centric New Republic.
Yet Foer in recent years has tacked away from pure thinkiness with his idea-investigative pieces — pieces that have clothed the publication in recent glory. The Jarrett piece, for instance, hopped all around social media, leaving the Erik Wemple Blog absolutely no choice but to open it up. Similar surges of interest around other deeply reported stuff had to delight Hughes. Wasn’t this precisely the stuff that a status-conscious vanity publisher wanted to generate? Yes, says one staffer: “He was totally into it. He was basking in the prestige he was getting from it. This is why it seemed like things were going to be fine.”
Now there’s concern that under this staff restructuring and continuing web pivot, such stories won’t be coming out too often: “It’s mystifying that he’s doing something that’s about to make him look deeply unserious,” says the staffer.
Perhaps Vidra and Snyder can thread “straddling” operation. We’ll have to wait and see. As they go about their business, they’ll be doing it without the guidance of Wieseltier, who by his own admission isn’t the most webby guy:
Leon says he doesn’t do Twitter but he loves you all.
— Julia Ioffe (@juliaioffe) December 4, 2014
Whether you call him the magazine’s conscience, its guiding light, its curmudgeon or much, much worse, one thing is clear: Wieseltier has been a constant at the New Republic, having served as literary editor since 1983 . Upon Hughes’s accession as publisher, Wieseltier struck a tone of conciliation, sounding very hopeful of holding on to his longtime perch: “He has no interest in blogging, which, I have to say, sounded like Mozart to me,” said Wieseltier of Hughes to the New Yorker back in 2012 . “In acquiring a new owner, the thing you worry about, it’s the continuities and the discontinuities—what will be continuous and what will be discontinuous. It’s pretty clear that the continuities here are going to be the essential ones. I’m really confident that that includes our politics.”
Those continuities held on Wieseltier on staff for a couple of years. Despite all the chatter about web vs. print and “thinky” vs. investigative, his departure is the big story here. After all, regular old editors commonly get tossed from their New Republic offices, while Wieseltier kept on writing, thinking, lecturing. And then a tech upstart booted a Washington institution.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

The problem with the U.S. policy of no ransoms Rescues are very  very difficult.By Adam Taylor December 4 Follow @mradamtaylor
A Black Hawk helicopter prepares to land in the Pachir Wa Agam district of Nangarhar province, Afghanistan, in April 2013. (Noorullah Shirzada/AFP/Getty Images)
Last week, U.S. Special Operation forces headed to a cave in Hagr al-Saiaar , a remote area of Yemen for a rare on-the-ground intervention in the Middle Eastern nation. They were taking part in a rescue mission and hoped to free a number of hostages chained up in the cage and kept prisoner by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), a particularly feared al Qaeda offshoot.
The rescue mission was not a success. While eight hostages were freed after a firefight that left all the kidnappers dead, five hostages who were expected to be in the cave were not there. According to a a member of Yemen's anti-terrorism force quoted on a Web site connected to Yemen's defense ministry, these five hostages included an American and a Briton.
Less than a week later,  AQAP released a video that appeared to show the American hostage, a 33-year-old freelance photographer named Luke Somers. Sommers was filmed pleading for his life, while an al-Qaeda official said that Somers will meet his “inevitable fate” unless demands are met by the U.S. government.
The White House admitted on Thursday that a hostage rescue mission last month in Yemen failed to liberate American Luke Somers because he was not present at the targeted location. (AP)
While it's unclear what the demands are, it's unlikely they will be met. The United States has a policy of refusing to pay ransoms to terrorists and rarely negotiates with them. Rescue missions like last week's are one of the few options left for the U.S. government when dealing with Americans being held hostage abroad. The big problem is that these rescues can be very difficult to pull off.
Another recent failed rescue sounds remarkably similar to the case in Yemen. As  Adam Goldman and Karen DeYoung reported for The Washington Post back in August, several dozen U.S. commandos were sent to Syria last summer to try to rescue American hostages being held by the Islamic State. It was the first known U.S. ground operation in Syria since the country’s civil war started. An official told The Post that the effort “was not ultimately successful because the hostages were not present . . . at the site of the operation.” The operation was only revealed after video was released of the killing of James Foley, one of the Americans who was being held.
Both the rescue operation in Yemen and the one in Syria apparently failed due to problems with the intelligence used to plan the raids, a recurring issue for rescue teams in hostile foreign environments. Another big problem is that it can be hard to protect the hostages while fighting their captors: Linda Norgrove, a Scottish aid worker kidnapped by the Taliban in 2010, was killed during the U.S. operation to rescue her. A joint investigation between the United Kingdom and the United States later concluded that a grenade thrown by a member of the rescue team had killed Norgrove. Even in successful raids, the rescuers may well end up dead themselves .
These rescue missions may well cost more than many ransom demands. "In terms of cost, this is almost going to be an impossible figure," Brian Michael Jenkins, a Senior Adviser to the Rand Corporation President and terrorism expert told The Post. "It will depend on exactly how you want to do the accounting." Jenkins said that estimates could range between hundreds of thousands in the minimum to tens of millions of dollars, though he cautioned that cost wasn't the issue. "It is not a matter of cost effectiveness," Jenkins says.
The United States is far from alone in finding hostage rescue attempts extremely difficult. In 2013, French commandos failed to rescue intelligence agent Denis Allex from his Somalian captors, and Allex was executed in response. A 2012 attempt to rescue a Briton and his Italian colleague from Nigeria's Boko Haram failed when their captors killed the hostages. Ultimately, hostage rescues are always going to be difficult. "There's a lot of luck involved in this," Peter Ahearn, a former FBI agent, said of the failed attempt to rescue Foley last summer . "But you'd rather be lucky than good in some of these things."
In popular culture, however, the successful hostage rescues are the ones that are well-known. Israelis are proud of the daring 1976 Operation Entebbe, which saw 102 hostages rescued in a Ugandan air field. The British love to talk about 1980s Iranian Embassy Siege in London, which saw all but one of the hostages being held rescued in front of live television cameras. Two of the biggest American films of the past few years, "Captain Philips" and "Argo," dealt with successful U.S. hostage rescues.
History is filled with failed attempts, too, however. The events depicted in "Argo" were quickly followed by one of the most notorious hostage rescue attempts ever: 1980's Operation Eagle Claw, a failed attempt to rescue diplomats being held in the U.S. Embassy in Tehran that ended in a helicopter crash in the desert that left eight troops dead. That was the first mission by the  U.S. military’s Joint Special Operations Command , or JSOC, which often deals with hostages held by terror groups.
Tactics have surely improved since then. Jenkins of Rand Corporation says that in 1980, almost 80 percent of U.S. hostage rescues resulted in at least one hostage dying. In the past few years, a little more than half of U.S. attempts were successful. That's still a high number, but given that the United States refuses to negotiate with terrorists, and that most Americans support that policy , there may be no better option.
"If a country is going to adopt a no ransom policy," Jenkins says, it must be willing to "take every reasonable effort to bring about their release without making concessions, and that includes, when feasible, a rescue attempt."
Correction: This article originally stated that Operation Eagle Claw preceded the events shown in the film "Argo." It has been corrected.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Hackers may have stolen Bebe Stores  payment card data: KrebsOnSecurity0
An East Coast bank said it bought several of its customers' card credentials from an online cybercrime shop at $10-$27 per card, security reporter Krebs said in the blog.
It is not clear if the apparent breach at Bebe Stores is ongoing or extends to the company's online store, the report said.
The online cybercrime shop was selling data copied from the magnetic stripe on the cards, which could be encoded on to counterfeit cards to make transactions, KrebsOnSecurity said.
Customer information in the United States has been compromised at unprecedented levels of late, starting with a massive breach at Target Corp last year.
A number of other U.S. companies have faced threats from hackers since then, including the theft of a vast amount of customer data from Home Depot Inc, which came to light in September and was first reported by KrebsOnSecurity.
Reuters

Timesaving Technology Toolsreddit
With so many gadgets, applications, software and devices available to us today, it's hard to know which ones are truly timesavers, and which ones are a waste of time (technology toys versus tools). Since I'm frequently asked what the Productivity Pro recommends to save time, I wanted to share a few timesaving technology tools for you to explore:
1. Decrease keystrokes with shortkeys. ShortKeys is a Windows text replacement utility designed to help you type faster and more accurately. You basically create abbreviations for words, phrases and paragraphs you use frequently, and the software types them out automatically. I'd estimate it saves me 15 minutes a day! To use it, you define a "shortkey" in place of a longer text string, such as TVM for Thank you very much. Now instead of typing Thank you very much, just type ##tvm anywhere (email, Word, LinkedIn, etc.), and ShortKeys will do the rest, instantly replacing the shortkey abbreviation with the longer text string. So ##sig is my signature, and ##l is my email address. I have over 100 shortkeys saved and memorized (you can print out a cheat sheet until you get it down).
2. Do more with Xerox's Digital Alternatives. Now save time completing the most common tasks with a single application uniting your multiple devices, applications and file formats. For example, take notes on any document during a meeting, highlight key points and then take advantage of the integrated share capability. Instead of printing a contract for signature to be signed, scanned, saved , and sent, use the sign and share capability. Imagine the difference when you're on the road! With Digital Alternatives, you are always one step ahead -- and with automatic synchronization, you always have your latest work, whether you're in the office on your PC or in transit with your tablet.
3. Auto-fill websites and passwords with RoboForm. I've always had a difficult time remembering my login IDs and passwords, especially when some sites require you to change them continually! Copying and pasting them into a Word document or Outlook Note isn't secure. Instead, using a master password with your browser, RoboForm remembers all your logins and passwords, even when you change them. When you login to a site, RoboForm knows where you are, and you simply click one button to fill in and submit to the site. Better yet, we can synchronize across all approved computers and devices with everyone in the office, so our team can keep track of each other's logins as well. This saves me tremendous time and frustration!
4. Print smarter with Xerox's Print Awareness Tool. Many people tell me they want to reduce their footprint on the environment, but they don't know how to do it. One way is with Xerox's Print Awareness Tool , an ingenious solution that provides easy, fun ways to print smarter. This desktop widget is like a Fitbit® for printing -- it monitors your behaviors and provides tips on changing bad print habits. With less paper, you'll have less waste, less cost, less to file, less to handle and less clutter -- which is great for the environment -- and a real win for you and your company. Plus you can add some team fun by competing against other departments!
5. Schedule Meetings Online with Doodle. When you want to schedule a meeting with multiple people outside of your organization, it's tricky since you can't see their calendars. People generally resort to listing available dates and times in an email and manually attempting to find a good time for everyone. Instead, set up a Doodle poll online! Recipients receive a single email with a link to an online poll, where they "vote" on good days and times for the meeting. After all attendees have voted, you can easily see the most popular slot and send the final result to the group.
6. Access travel itineraries on your phone with TripIt. I use the TripIt app to access my trip details right from my phone: no more printing and schlepping hardcopies! My team simply forwards confirmation emails I receive from airlines, hotels and ground transportation to plans@tripit.com from my account, and the app automatically populates my itineraries. You can add location and map data and other logistics to your trips and access all your information either online or from any mobile device.
And there you have it: six of my favorite technology tools. Give them a whirl and see how much time you can save! I'd love to hear about your favorite technology tool as well. Please let us know in the Comments below.
Laura Stack, aka The Productivity Pro®, is America's Premier Expert in Productivity™. For over 20 years, her speeches have helped professionals, leaders and teams improve output, lower stress and save time at work. Her company, The Productivity Pro, Inc., provides time management workshops around the globe to help attendees achieve Maximum Results in Minimum Time®. Widely regarded as one of the leading experts in the field of human performance and workplace issues, Laura writes for the Huffington Post, The Business Journal and Success Magazine, and she has been featured by the CBS Early Show, CNN, USA Today and the New York Times. Laura Stack is the author of six books, most recently Execution IS the Strategy. Note: Laura Stack is a paid contributor to Xerox.
Follow Laura Stack on Twitter: www.twitter.com/laurastack
More:

DoJ report deepens US policing debateDoJ stirs US police debate as Eric Garner protests continue
Neil Munshi in Chicago and Reuters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b52778e0-7c03-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Hiring Was Likely Solid for 10th Straight MonthIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

HDFC Bank to cut lending rate: Puri | Sharp rise in bad loans: GovtSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country's second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, a top official said today.
"Now I've reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see by March or so base rate will come down," the bank's Managing Director Aditya Puri told PTI after launching a blood donation drive.
Puri said base rate or the minimum rate of lending is computed on the cost of deposits and the bank cannot cut its lending rate unless the deposit rate comes down.
Once the cost of deposits come down, following the December 1 cut in short-term deposits of up to one year maturities, the bank will pass on the benefit to borrowers, he added.
The bank's base rate currently stands at 10 per cent and the last movement in it was in November last year, when it was hiked by 0.20 per cent.
The bank cut the deposit rates by 0.25 to 0.50 per cent in various buckets ranging from 49 days to less than a year deposits, attributing it to low credit pick-up, drop in money market rates and competitor's moves.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had rued the fact that banks are not passing the benefits of the declining rates environment to the borrowers, saying the policy measures are not getting transmitted as desired.
Puri today said that policy transmission has happened as the banks have cut rates in different offerings like car loans where banks have reduced their spreads, but added that it does not reflect in the base rate due to deposit rates.
"Already interest rates have gone down in the market, whether it is car loans or term loans. Monetary transmission with or without reduction in policy rates has already happened," he said.
Puri said Rajan's stance has been dovish, which comforts the banking system and added that the RBI Governor should unleash 0.50 per cent cut in the next policy.
"His statement is also dovish, saying that once he can see stability in the benignness of the inflation, you can expect a cut. Let's hope that the cut is a meaningful one at 50 basis points since he didn't do it this time," Puri said.
HDFC Bank today started a single-day blood donation drive at 2,000 locations across the country simultaneously. Last year, it had collected 67,000 units of blood in a similar drive and is targeting the same to go up to 1 lakh this year, Puri said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Europe rallies ahead of US jobs dataStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emerging market growth at six-month low in November: HSBCThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will ensure 24x7 power to all Indians by March 2019: GoyalWill ensure 24x7 power to all Indians by March 2019: Goyal
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 03:50 PM IST
Reiterating the promise of 24x7 electricity to all by 2019, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today said use of information technology will help in achieving the target.
"IT-enabled smart grids can have tremendous impact on the energy sector in India - right from power generation to power consumption. We will ensure that all Indians have 24x7 electricity by March 2019," Goyal said while addressing the inaugural session of Digital India Conclave 2014.
The minister said the government is committed to preventing widespread coal thefts by use of CCTV cameras.
Goyal had earlier said the government has initiated speedy environmental clearances, steps to protect environment, renewed thrust to wind power capacity addition besides clearing the long-pending transmission projects worth Rs 12,272 crore.
The minister had stated that these steps would be the government's vision for providing 24x7 consistent power.
The government has also approved Rs 43,033-crore rural electrification scheme, Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana.
The scheme will replace the existing Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY).
The scheme includes strengthening and augmentation of sub transmission and distribution infrastructure in rural areas, including metering of distribution transformers and feeders.

Canary Wharf owner spurns increased offerCanary Wharf owner Songbird spurns Qatari raised bid
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0349dd3c-7c55-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nutreco backs SHVs 3bn approachNutreco backs SHV’s €3bn takeover approach
Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/172c9764-7c63-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Narendra Modi named Asian of the Year by Singapore dailyBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was today named “Asian of the Year” for being development-focused leader of India by editors of Singapore’s leading daily, The Straits Times.
“Despite being relatively new to the job, he has already made a mark on Asia, reaching out to neighbours and receiving national leaders including Xi Jinping of ChinaÂ and Tony Abbott of Australia,” said the Singapore Press Holdings Limited, publisher of the daily.
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
“Mr Modi has got India and the world excited about his country’s prospects again. He has given his people a renewed sense of direction and purpose, and there are hopeful signs that he is minded to using his strong mandate to good effect in one of Asia’s major powers. We wish him and India every success,” Warren Fernandez, editor of the daily said.
On the economy, Modi’s call for a Make in India campaign, if pursued to its logical conclusion with a friendlier investment climate and less rigid labour norms, could help fire up the growth engines of the USD 2 trillion economy and provide welcome ballast to the region when the top Asian economy China is slowing, and Japan is in recession.
“Economists project that as early as next year, India could pick up the growth baton from China. Given its huge market, its travellers who fill up hotel rooms and cruise ship cabins from Singapore to Sydney, its hunger for capital goods and commodities, a resurgent India will be a boon for the region and the world,” the editors said in their citation.
Politically and socially, Modi has energised India with his stirring calls for a development focus. In January, he will receive US President Barack Obama, the first time that a US leader will be the chief guest at the annual Republic Day celebrations in India, the citation said.
“We look forward to presenting the award to Mr Modi in person at his convenience,” Ravi Velloor, Straits Times foreign editor, said.
The editors’ choice was based on several factors. Modi was picked for being development-focused Prime Minister of India who fashioned an impressive victory for BJP in the polls.
In every December, editors of the Singapore daily pick an Asian whose actions have significantly impacted his own society or the wider Asian continent in the 12 months past.
Last year, the award was shared by Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The inaugural award, in 2012, went to President Thein Sein of Myanmar.
TAGS: Narendra Modi
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Bodo Ramelow  Germany s first state governor from ex-communist party  assumes officePrint
A man holds a poster which shows Bodo Ramelow during a demonstration against the election of first state governor from the party 'Die Linke' (The Left), Bodo Ramelow, in Thuringia in front of the parliament building in Erfurt, central Germany, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (Source:AP)
By: Associated Press | Berlin |
Posted: December 5, 2014 4:30 pm
Germany’s first state governor from a party with communist roots has taken office, following lengthy coalition negotiations tinged by concerns over his party’s past.
The eastern state of Thuringia’s regional legislature elected the Left Party’s Bodo Ramelow as governor Friday at the head of a three-party coalition with a single-seat majority. Ramelow’s ascent follows an indecisive state election in September and ends a 24-year reign over the state by Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservative party.
Ramelow himself wasn’t a communist but his party is descended partly from East Germany’s communist rulers. President Joachim Gauck, a former East German pro-democracy activist, has signaled unease about it leading a state government.
A coalition agreement with two center-left parties sought to address those concerns by stating that East Germany was a country of “injustice.”

Troubled times for SpiceJet; seeks six weeks time from AAI to find investorTroubled times for SpiceJet; seeks six weeks time from AAI to find strategic investor
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.26PM IST
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Low-cost carrier SpiceJet has sought six weeks' time from the Aviation Ministry to stay afloat and find a strategic investor for the airline, reported ET Now.
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor. "They (SpiceJet management) have sought help of Aviation Ministry in getting moratorium period extended from the different agencies like Airport Authority of India," ET Now said.
"Airport Authority of India (AAI), that runs most of the airports in the country, has put SpiceJet on cash and carry model. This means that SpiceJet must pay first and fly. AAI is now ready to help SpiceJet by giving them one week of moratorium period provided they give bank guarantee," ET Now reported.
ET Now also said that DGCA , the aviation regulator , is monitoring SpiceJet on a day-to-day basis. "DGCA wants to ensure that the problem of funds should not compromise with the safety of passengers," ET Now said.
SpiceJet has not been able to finalise any investor name so far.
SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Despite financial hurdles, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route earlier in the month of December for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Telecom commission to meet on Dec 8 on spectrum auctionTelecom Commission to meet on Dec 8 on spectrum auction
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 05:20 PM IST
Telecom Commission, the highest decision making body within the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) is scheduled to meet on December 8 to deliberate on the next round of spectrum auction proposed to be held in February.
The Government has estimated to garner about Rs 9,355 crore by auctioning 800, 900 and 1800MHz spectrum, while an addition Rs 5,000 crore is estimated to come from sale of 2100MHz band of airwaves.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) has already submitted its revised recommendations on the pricing of 800, 900 and 1800MHz bands, and the consultation for pricing and valuation of the 2100MHz band is underway.
The telecom regulator has reiterated its recommendations for 900 and 1800MHz bands while it has increased the base price by 15 per cent for 800MHz band.
The Telecom Commission will discuss the recommendations to take a call on the reserve price and other details regarding the auction.
Most of the spectrum which is proposed to be put up for sale is being used by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications (RCom). These companies will need to renew their licences to continue operations in areas where their licences are expiring in 2015-16.

Planning 5-fold increase in clean energy: Ja...Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said the country won't act to curb carbon emissions because it first must pursue economic growth to eradicate poverty.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India today refused to announce a timeline to cap its emissions, notwithstanding China, which is a BASIC partner in UN climate negotiations, committing to a 2030 deadline in a surprise deal with the US recently.
"Peaking year is not an issue to be discussed in Lima," Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar told a press conference just ahead of leaving for Peruvian capital Lima to participate in the high-level ministerial segment of the UN climate conference where nations are discussing steps for a new deal in Paris to replace the Kyoto Protocol on global warming.
He was asked about the deal announced last month between the US and China, which is part of BASIC bloc comprising India, Brazil and South Africa that had been raising concerns of developing countries in the global climate negotiations.
Under the deal, both countries agreed to cut greenhouse gas emissions by close to a third over the next two decades. China would peak its carbon emissions no later than 2030.
At present, China's carbon emissions are 9,000 million tonnes and it is expected to grow in between 18,000-20,000 million tonnes in 2030, which is about 12-13 tonnes per capita.
Javadekar noted India's per capital carbon dioxide emission is much lesser than that of China.
"China is low on ambition... If somebody is happy with number, then you can yourself reach on that basis when India will reach that 12 tonnes per capita....we are not saying anything about (peaking year),"" the Minister quipped while listing the aggressive steps taken by the Indian government to deal with the climate challenge through local actions.
The Minister said India will announce its Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) "during the course of year" and "here also the peaking year is not the benchmark."
"The benchmark is what will be our contribution. That we will definitely give which will much much more than people expect," he said.
The Minister said India will continue its cooperation with BASIC nations, G-77+ China and Least Developed countries.
Javadekar said Lima conference is going to be a milestone conference.
"It should build trust and foundation for the 2015 global climate agreement. This can be achieved by constructing credibility of existing mechanism by comprehensive treatment of all issues under the UNFCCC processes," he said.
"We don't work under any pressure (in Lima)," he said adding that India expects clear, transparent and coherent articulation of processes.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jaitley s remarks contrary to historical facts of Kashmir dispute  far from reality  alleges HurriyatAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 05, 2014 at 05:25pm IST
Srinagar: Questioning Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's statement that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and borders cannot be redrawn, both the factions of Hurriyat Conference said that that his remarks are contrary to political and historical facts of Kashmir dispute and far from reality.
Alleging that 'stubbornness' of India is the main hurdle in resolution the Kashmir dispute, hardliner Hurriyat Conference chairman Syed Ali Shah Geelani said that Jaitley is distorting the historical facts about the issue.
"Indian leaders had promised to resolve Kashmir issue according to their aspirations, however on ground the situation has not changed," he said.
Questioning Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's statement that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and borders cannot be redrawn, both the factions of Hurriyat Conference said that that his remarks are contrary to political and historical facts of Kashmir dispute and far from reality.
Meanwhile, moderate Hurriyat Conference chairman Mirwaiz Omar Farooq said Jaitley needs to look into the history of Kashmir dispute before making such remarks.
Rejecting the electoral process being exercised in the state, Mirwaiz, "The so called polls have no bearing on Kashmir issue as after conducting elections for many decades, neither the issue has been diluted nor has it rendered the UN resolutions regarding the dispute ineffective."
Mirwaiz stated that the pending UN resolutions on Kashmir make it clear that it was a disputed territory. "Those people who think elections could prevail upon the disputed status of Kashmir are grossly mistaken," he said.
"Such people are living in a fool's paradise if they believe that Kashmiris have given up the right to self determination by casting votes to resolve their local administrative issues," he alleged.
(Abid Soffi is the Managing Editor 'Kashmir Pioneer'. He lives in Srinagar.)
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Brussels puts 3.3bn into unified airspaceBrussels puts €3.3bn into unified airspace effort
Peggy Hollinger, Industry Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2208fe74-7c69-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Only Peoples Democratic Party can stop the rise of BJP in J&K:SayeedBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:44 pm
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed on Friday said it was the only party which could stop the rise of the BJP in Jammu and Kashmir and defeat its “divisive” agenda.
“The collapse of National Conference and Congress in the state as major political forces has pitted the PDP directly against the BJP,” Sayeed claimed while addressing public meetings in south Kashmir Pulwama district.
“The BJP’s divisive agenda to seek a majority in the assembly is detrimental to the interests of the state and the country,” he said, adding that his party with the support of the people would defeat the designs to dilute the distinct identity of J&K.
He added that the people of Jammu and Kashmir want a solution to their political problems through democratic process and that is the reason for their increasing participating in the polls.
The special status granted by the Constitution to the state was neither a “concession” nor was it “subservient to the ideology of any political party”, the PDP patron said.
“The special status of Jammu and Kashmir was a historical necessity in view of the circumstances and realties of the situation that led to the partition of the country…,” he said.
He said the inclusive and pluralistic composition of the state with a special status within the Union should be a source of pride for the entire country.
“But it is unfortunate that the BJP, which is now ruling the country with a huge mandate, is trying to undermine this asset of our democracy,” he added.

Mizoram strict on implementation of new alcohollawAizwal |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:04 pm
Mizoram Home Minister R Lalzirliana on Friday refuted pointed criticism of the state’s new alcohol law saying the government is not interested in liquor revenue and that if it was, it would not put in place a permit system for consumers.
The Home Minister, who also holds the Excise portfolio under which Mizoram’s new law to allow the sale and consumption (albeit under strict regulation) of liquor after 18 years of total prohibition, also warned department officials of potentially strict disciplinary actions in case of any lapses in enforcing the new law, expected to come into full force in a few months.
“If we did covet alcohol tax as some critics are claiming, we would not have included provisions in the law that would make it necessary for consumers to first obtain permits. We would have allowed it for anyone to buy liquor and not set an age limit,” R Lalzirliana said.
One of the reasons for allowing the sale of alcohol in spite of strong opposition from the powerful Church and NGOs, he claimed, was because Mizos in general end up drinking uncontrollably once they are outside the state and in places where prohibition is not in force.
He claimed that many youngsters who travelled outside the state to compete even for positions in central security agencies end up ineligible because they drink too much once outside the state. He maintained that the state government’s move to invite recruiters for such bodies to conduct tests within Mizoram has yielded some success in that many youngsters get to make the cut since they are not enamoured by the lure of alcohol.
Responding to the Mizoram Excise and Narcotics Service Association president T Lalramzauva’s contention that the department is running on roughly four-fifths of it’s sanctioned strength and so rather ill-equipped to enforce the stringent rules of the new law, R Lalzirliana said the law empowers any citizen to enforce the law and so the department, as nodal agency, has the biggest possible workforce at it’s disposal.
“It will all be a matter of how well we work with local bodies and community volunteers,” R Lalzirliana said, adding he is aware many staff and officials of the department are considered by the general public as those who abet many misdemeanours related to alcohol.
“Unlike other departments we work directly with the public and therefore our image is easily tainted. In the near future we will start enforcing a new, much-criticised law. If there are lapses on our part, be forewarned that strict disciplinary action will be taken,” the Home Minister said while addressing MENSA members (a body comprising of the department’s field staff from the rank of constables to inspectors) in Aizawl.

Micromax Canvas Xpress on Flipkart for Rs6 999Posted: December 5, 2014 6:56 pm
 
Going with the trend these days, Micromax will sell is new smartphone, the Canvas Xpress, exclusively on Flipkart.com.
Priced at Rs 6,999, this Android Kitkat phone will be on the e-commerce site from December 8, 2014.
The Canvas Xpress comes with innovative software features like HotKnot to transfer data with just a tap and Smart Wake that lets users open their favorite apps through customised gestures from the locked screen.
Powered by a 1.3GHz quad core processor with 1GB RAM, the 4.5-inch phone has a FWVGA display with dynamic contrast. The phone has a 5MP Auto Focus rear camera and 0.3MP front camera. Power-packed with a 1950 mAh battery, the phones comes with expandable memory of up to 32GB.
Aircel get free data worth 500mb per month for the first six months on the phone.

http://usat.ly/12Gyr4XVideo: Best- and worst-run states
Last-place Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents between the middle of 2010 and July 2013.
Post to Facebook
Video: Best- and worst-run states Last-place Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents between the middle of 2010 and July 2013. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CIBOId
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
103
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Video: Best- and worst-run states
Alexander E.M. Hess, Thomas C. Frohlich, Alexander Kent and Ashley C. Allen, 24/7 Wall St. 9:44 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Video Keywords Alan Moore pension liabilities Mississippi Dakota North Dakota Wyoming Rhode Island Nebraska Illinois Indianapolis Kentucky Iowa Iran Chicago Mexico
Doug McIntyre lays out the results of 24/7 Wall Street's 2014 study pf the best run states in America.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  That strong states are actually clustered together they have low
00:06  populations. And to be dominated wondered do. Very successful industries North
00:13  Dakota Wyoming Nebraska. Iowa. And that's a lot of oil on
00:20  agriculture and knees and Ares goes. These states have also been
00:25  able to take a large amount and on the white and
00:28  put it in the areas like and so the most part
00:32  these states also have very well loved and and that means
00:36  government obligations while law worst drop the State's starting with the
00:40  worse. Mexico. Mississippi Rhode Island and could top. The southern states.
00:49  Have pockets of very won't be. The eastern part of Kentucky
00:53  has been fascinated. The drop in the cold. Northern half of
00:58  Mississippi has always been very very war. RI is a little
01:03  different it was heavily industrialized. And he can look and the
01:07  knuckles on. Industry has left the air almost completely gone overseas.
01:12  And a lot of the big banks weren't in the larger
01:15  banks woman you know job in Illinois is an example of
01:19  a badly Iran. The state in general was relatively healthy Chicago
01:24  economy has felt the Indianapolis. They. Don't look at Alan Moore
01:30  yeah. Really got bad state managed only 39%. Of the State's
01:36  pension liabilities on the and the state reserves are half a
01:41  percent of the general Juan. So if you take the outside
01:45  measurements. Illinois. People really don't. Want rating agencies. Wouldn't it be
01:53  they give it one remarkably low ratings and that is because
01:58  government has badly damaged and not because. A state like Mississippi
02:03  would have problems it can't work because of them.
Illinois lost more than 137,000 residents due to migration between the middle of 2010 and July 2013.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
19740 CONNECT 566 TWEET 200 LINKEDIN 103 COMMENTEMAILMORE
How well run is your state? Assessing a state's management quality is hardly easy. The current economic climate and standard of living in any given state are not only the results of policy choices and developments that occurred in the last few years, but can also be affected by decisions made decades ago, and by forces outside a state's control.
Each year, 24/7 Wall St. attempts to answer this question by surveying various aspects of each state. To determine how well states are managed, we examine key financial ratios, as well as social and economic outcomes. This year, North Dakota is the best-run state in the country for the third consecutive year, while Illinois replaced California as the worst-run state.
Selecting appropriate criteria to compare the 50 states is difficult because there is so much variation among the states. As a result, policy decisions that may work in one state might not work in another. Some states are rich in natural resources, while others rely on high-skilled sectors such as technology and business services. Some depend disproportionately on one industry, while others' economies are more balanced. Further, some states are more rural, while others are highly urbanized and densely populated.
This year, a number of the best-run states again benefit from an abundance of natural resources. North Dakota, Wyoming, Alaska, and Texas are among the top 10 best-run states, and in all four, the mining industry — which includes fossil fuel extraction — is a major contributor to state GDP. Due in large part to the mining sector, North Dakota and Wyoming led the nation in real GDP growth in 2013. And Alaska has utilized its oil wealth to build massive state reserves and to pay its residents an annual dividend.
Although less than in years past, the lingering effects of the housing crisis still have a negative impact on several of the worst-run states. In five of the 10 worst-run states — Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, and Rhode Island — home values declined by 10% or more between 2009 and 2013. Worse still, in states such as Arizona and Rhode Island, the housing market remains well below its peak, reached just before the start of the recent recession.
MORE: States with the widest gap between rich and poor
While some states' economic fortunes are closely tied to the rise and fall of individual industries, which are often outside their control, each state must make the best of its own situation. Governments, as stewards of their own economies, need to prepare for the worst, including the collapse of a vital industry. Good governance is about balancing tax collection and state expenditure in a way that provides essential services to residents without sacrificing a state's long-term fiscal health. Many of the best-run states in the country set money aside each year for emergencies. Should the Alaskan economy run into trouble, the state has enough money in reserve to match more than 21 months of general fund spending.
The scale and complexity of state institutions often make addressing problems at the state level extremely difficult. As a result, our list of the best- and worst-run states tends to remain largely unchanged from one year to the next.
There were a few states that made remarkable improvements, however. California, Colorado, Florida, and Hawaii all moved up by at least 10 positions on our ranking. Improvements in important factors, such as GDP growth and home value increases, contributed to improved rankings in a number of these states.
MORE: The most dangerous cities in America
Some of the changes in rankings can be attributed to states' GDP per capita levels and labor force growth, both of which were incorporated in our analysis for the first time this year. For example, California's GDP per capita of $53,497 in 2013, 12th highest in the nation, helped it move up on this list. Also, Florida's ranking was bolstered by a 3.8% increase in the labor force between 2009 and 2013, the fourth highest.
To determine how well each state is run, 24/7 Wall St. examined data from numerous sources. From the U.S. Census Bureau, we looked at each state's finances for the 2012 fiscal year, including revenue, tax collection, pension funding, debt, and expenditure. In order to identify how each state's economy was performing, we reviewed data on unemployment rates, exports, and GDP. We looked at poverty, educational attainment, violent crime rates, and foreclosures to assess social outcomes and residents' well-being.
While each state is different, states at both ends of the list share certain characteristics. For example, people living in the worst-run states were apt to have lower standards of living. Violent crime rates were typically higher in these states, and the share of the population in poverty or with at least a high school diploma was lower than the national rate.
The worst-run states also tended to have weak fiscal management, reflected by low pension funding, sparsely padded coffers, and poor credit ratings from Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's (S&P). Illinois, the worst-run state in America, received lower ratings than any other state from both agencies. By contrast, the majority of the 10 best-run states had perfect ratings from both agencies.
Unemployment rates were also relatively low in the nation's best-run states. North Dakota, the top-ranked state, had an unemployment rate of 2.9% last year, the best in the U.S. In all, eight of the 10 best-run states were among the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates. Meanwhile, unemployment was much more prevalent in the worst-run states. Illinois and Rhode Island, both among the lowest-rated states, also had the nation's second- and third-worst unemployment rates in 2013, at 9.2% and 9.5%.
BEST-RUN STATES
> Debt per capita: $2,880 (19th lowest)
> Credit Rating (S&P/Moody's): AAA/Aa1
> 2013 unemployment rate: 2.9% (the lowest)
> Median household income: $55,759 (19th highest)
> Poverty rate: 11.8% (10th lowest)
North Dakota is 24/7 Wall St.'s best-run state for a third consecutive year. People have been flocking to North Dakota: more than 5% of the population in 2013 had migrated from another state or country since 2010. One reason for this is the surging economy. Last year, the state's GDP rose by 9.7%, the most in the nation. Much of this growth came from the mining industry, which includes oil and gas extraction. In recent years, oil extraction in North Dakota has grown exponentially, driven by drilling in the Bakken formation. This has made the state the second largest oil producer behind Texas. Job growth has also been rapid. North Dakota's 2.9% unemployment rate was the lowest in the nation last year.

http://usat.ly/12rGXUnNov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high
November's job gains were the highest since January 2012.
Post to Facebook
Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high November's job gains were the highest since January 2012. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMxms6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
163
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 1:28 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Video Keywords president Obama's great depression USA today there're couple United States Obama's
Senior editor Owen Ullmann talks about the November jobs report announcing 321,000 added jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years. (Money, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  I'm Natalie the Bellagio with USA today here it talk
00:05  about the jobs report that came out this morning and it's
00:08  pretty amazing. I'm with senior editor Alex Altman and I can
00:11  tell us just what makes this so amazing. Well it was
00:15  a huge number of new jobs created 321000. That's the most
00:21  in nearly three years for months. And over ten months now
00:25  more than 200000 jobs Natalie that's the the longest streak in
00:31  thirty years so it's really quite quite amazing. So what does
00:34  that mean if big picture wise. Well. Right now we're on
00:39  track to have the largest job growth every year. In about
00:44  fifteen years. And it really means that the economy is starting
00:49  to grow on all cylinders after. Coming off a very deep
00:54  downturn. This is looking like the United States is really leading
00:58  the world in job growth. And an economic expansion. So that
01:03  sounds like pretty great news why you. Our president Obama's approval
01:07  rating so low a piece of behind this. Yeah you would
01:11  think that with this strong economic news that this would benefit
01:14  the president I think there're couple reasons that Natalie. One of
01:18  them is don't forget. The economy was really really weak the
01:22  worst economy since the great depression and people are still traumatize
01:26  them they're still kinda scarred from that it takes a long
01:29  time. For perceptions to change you know for people to say
01:33  hey things are really good again. The other factor is that
01:36  even though a lot of jobs are being created. Wages for
01:40  those who are working in continue to be pretty stagnant. Fact
01:44  I think there are only up about 2% for the past
01:47  year. So even though people are working and you know making
01:50  some money they don't feel they're really getting ahead in so
01:53  I think that kinda helps put a damper. On the good
01:57  economic news today. Well thank you so much for coming in
02:00  explaining all that sure and ask for more news go to
02:03  money dot USA today dot com.
Job growth has strengthened for most of this year.
(Photo: Lynne Sladky, AP)
2435 CONNECT 296 TWEET 98 LINKEDIN 163 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The labor market surged in November as employers added 321,000 jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years, the Labor Department said Friday.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at 5.8%.
Economists surveyed by Action Economics had estimated that 225,000 jobs were added last month.
The report, released at 8:30 a.m. ET, drove up stocks as the markets opened Friday.
Want to know where you should put your money in 2015? Follow #marketoutlook15 RIGHT NOW to find out. pic.twitter.com/YPcgoIobsk
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 5, 2014
Businesses added 314,000 jobs, powered by broad-based gains in professional and business services, retail, health care and manufacturing. Federal, state and local governments added 7,000.
The Labor Department revised up job gains for September and October up by a total 44,000. September's count was revised to 271,000 from 256,000 and October's to 243,000 from 214,000.
Jobs added last month were the most since January 2012 and only the second time this year that one-month gains exceeded 300,000.
Some other labor market indicators were also positive. The average work week rose to 34.6 hours from 34.5 hours, which could mean continued strong hiring lies ahead.
And the number of Americans out of work at least six months fell by 101,000 to 2.8 million.
But while wage growth ticked up, it remained modest. Hourly earnings rose nine cents to $24.66 and wages are up 2.1% the past year, slightly higher than in October but in line with the modest increases so far in the 5-year-old recovery.
First Take: Watch wage growth, not job gains
Economists had expected wage gains to accelerate the second half of the year.
Still, economist Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics said in a research note that the strong monthly payroll increase bolsters the firm's view that the Federal Reserve will begin to raise interest rates as early as March -- sooner than the midyear time frame many economists anticipate -- to head off higher inflation.
"Labor market conditions are improving at breakneck speed," Ashworth said.
Equally impressive is that nearly every major industry is ramping up hiring. " Everybody seems to be on the hiring bandwagon," says economist Joel Naroff of Naroff Economic Advisors.
Last month, professional and business services added 86,000 jobs. Retailers added 50,000; health care, 37,000; and leisure and hospitality, 32,000.
Middle-wage sectors are also growing solidly. Manufacturers added 28,000 jobs and construction, 20,000.
Other employment indicators generally have been positive lately, though some have suggested that payroll growth may be slowing along with the economy in the current quarter after rapid gains in the spring and summer. Initial claims for unemployment benefits, a good measure of layoffs, are at pre-recession levels, though the four-week average rose recently.
Labor market gains have been consistently strong this year despite a mixed economy, averaging almost 241,000 additional jobs a month, up from 194,000 in 2013. Employers have added at least 200,000 jobs for 10 straight months, the best stretch since the mid-1990.
The economy has been more volatile. Many analysts project growth of 2.4% annual rate in the current quarter after growing nearly 4% or more in the previous two quarters.
2435 CONNECT 296 TWEET 98 LINKEDIN 163 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CMxms6
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Delhi: Major fire breaks out at TATA Motors godownmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Lift carrying ministers breaks down in Kerala Assembly complexDec 05, 2014 at 06:35pm IST
Lift carrying ministers breaks down in Kerala Assembly complex
5
0
Thiruvananthapuram: Three ministers of the Kerala Cabinet had a narrow escape after a lift carrying them fell down at the state Legislative Assembly building here on Friday. None of the lift occupants were injured in the mishap, sources said.
State Industries Minister PK Kunhalikutty, Public Works Minister VK Ebrahim Kunju, Food and Civil Supplies Minister Anoop Jacob and some of their staff were on the lift when the incident occurred.
The ministers were leaving the Assembly after the House adjourned, paying tribute to eminent jurist Justice VR Krishna Iyer who passed away in Kochi on Thursday.
State Industries Minister PK Kunhalikutty, Public Works Minister VK Ebrahim Kunju, Food and Civil Supplies Minister Anoop Jacob and some of their staff were on the lift when the incident occurred.
#kerala #cabinet #lift #basement
Anoop Jacob said the rope of the VIP lift broke and landed on the second cellar of the complex without stopping on the ground floor where the elevator was to stop.
"We got into the lift from the first floor. Though we were supposed to get down at the ground floor, the lift fell down steeply, generating jerk and sound," he said.
"Though it was for a few seconds, it was really an anxious moment for all of us. Only when the lift was opened, did we realise that we had reached the cellar of the complex.
"Though none of us had any injuries, we suffered body pain due to the jerk when the lift fell down," he said.
2

BofAML sees 0.25% rate cut in FebHi Guest
BofAML sees 0.25% rate cut in Feb
Foreign brokerage Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML) on Friday said a "dovish" Reserve Bank will slash key interest rates by 0.25 per cent at the February review meet and will do cuts of 0.75 per cent in 2015. "The RBI policy stance is much more dovish...we grow more confident of our call of a February RBI repo rate cut," it said, adding there will be a 0.25 per cent cut at the February policy, while the softer oil prices will ensure a 0.75 per cent cut through 2015. At the ...

India lashes out at Pakistan  says allowing 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeeds rally is mainstreaming of terrorismBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:24 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:18 am
India on Friday said that Pakistan’s support to UN-designated terrorist and Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed and his proscribed Jamaat-ud-Dawah was “nothing short of mainstreaming of the terrorism.”
“What is happening in the so-called ‘ishtimaah’ (congregation) of the JuD. I think I would describe it as nothing short of mainstreaming of terrorism. This was an event which took place in national monument in Pakistan. It was an event (for which) large number of police personnel were deployed. The event which was advertised all over Pakistan.
Read Also:  Shiv Sena blasts Pakistan for helping Hafiz Saeed-led JuD
“And it was an event by an organisation which is proscribed not only by India but the US, the UK, Australia and the UN… Also it was addressed by an individual who is designated as a terrorist by the UN Securitry Council…These sought of facilities are provided to the designated terrorist organisation or a designated terrorist entity.
“This is nothing short of mainstreaming a terrorist entity and a terrorist who is designated all over the world,” External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
Outlawed Saeed, who orchestrated the November, 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in which 166 people were killed, addressed a public rally at the ground of historical monument Minar-e-Pakistan in Lahore spewing venom on India and the US.
Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan despite being a designated terrorist, said the “Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated…..Efforts are being made to declare Jihad terrorism.”
The United Nations declared JuD a terrorist organization in December 2008 as also Saeed who was also individually
designated by the United Nations under UNSCR 1267 in December 2008. The Resolution entails freezing of funds and other financial assets or economic resources of designated individuals and entities and prevent the entry into or transit through their territories by designated individuals.
But Saeed, who also has a US bounty of 10 million dollars on him, roams free in Pakistan and often addresses public rallies in which he routinely makes inflammatory statements.
Pakistan has said that there is no case against Hafiz Saeed and that he is free to move in the country as a Pakistani national.

NASAs Orion capsule blasts off on first step toMarsPrint
The unmanned spacecraft soared into space at 7:05 am (0535 IST) atop a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket that rumbled and roared as it climbed into pastel skies over the Florida coast at sunrise, leaving a plume of smoke in its wake. (Source: AP photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Cape Canaveral |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:18 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 7:21 pm
The US space agency’s Orion capsule blasted off on Friday on its first journey into orbit, in a key test flight before carrying people to deep space destinations like Mars in the coming years.
The unmanned spacecraft soared into space at 7:05 am (0535 IST) atop a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket that rumbled and roared as it climbed into pastel skies over the Florida coast at sunrise, leaving a plume of smoke in its wake.
Cheers could be heard at Kennedy Space Centre as the rocket took off, though the crowds were thinner than they were om Thursday, when 27,000 people showed up for a launch that was delayed by wind gusts and technical problems. All those concerns vanished on Friday, however.
“It was just a blast to see how well the rocket did,” said Orion program manager Mark Geyer. “Being near a launch — a rocket that big — you can feel it,” he said.
The launch is the first in more than 40 years of a US spacecraft intended to carry humans beyond the Moon. It has reinvigorated a US human exploration program that has been stagnant for more than three years since the last American space shuttle carried a crew of astronauts to the International Space Station.
The 30-year shuttle program ended in 2011, leaving the United States no option but to pay Russia to carry astronauts on its Soyuz capsules at a cost of USD 71 million per seat.
The four-and-a-half hour flight aims to test crucial systems like the heat shield and parachute splashdown. The spacecraft entered the first of two loops around the Earth smoothly, orbiting about as high as the International Space Station, which circles at an altitude of about 430 kilometres.
Next is the second orbit, which will carry it 15 times higher, to an apogee of 3,600 miles above the Earth. Then, the spacecraft is supposed to plunge into the waters off San Diego, California to be retrieved by the US Navy.
An analysis of sophisticated sensors on the capsule should let NASA know if the temperature inside remained survivable for a potential crew, even as the spacecraft’s exterior heated to 2,200 Celsius during its re-entry to Earth’s atmosphere at a velocity of 20,000 miles per hour.
Potential future missions for Orion, which can fit four people at a time, include a trip to lasso an asteroid and a journey to Mars by the continued…

Cramer: Jobs number won t ignite markets
Watch online: Little Hope Was Arson and Life PartnersThe Post’s critics highlight original movies that are being streamed and made available on demand. Here are this week’s picks.
LITTLE HOPE WAS ARSON
For enigmatic titles, you can’t do better than “ Little Hope Was Arson .” As it turns out, the documentary is just as evocative and intriguing as its name.
A scene from "Little Hope Was Arson." (Jamie C. Maldonado/The Orchard)
The film chronicles a spate of suspicious fires that occurred in East Texas in 2010, when 10 churches were torched with very few connective clues or patterns. A manhunt involving federal forces and Texas Rangers ensued, finally breaking open when investigators got a couple of breaks: DNA samples found on a stray rock and a couple of footprints. Two suspects were named.
As a crime procedural, “Little Hope Was Arson” is a diverting, if conventional whodunit. What makes the film exceptional are its twists and turns, which hinge on questions of family vs. morality worthy of the ancient Greeks, as well as searching questions that arise within some of the churches.
Thoughtfully filmed by Theo Love, “Little Hope Was Arson” looks at the more tarnished side of the buckle of America’s Bible Belt.
But rather than focusing on pietism and self-righteousness, the filmmaker finds surprising stores of self-examination, pastoral concern and simple loving kindness. What’s more, because it’s Texas, the film stars a gaggle of memorable characters, including a heartbreakingly sincere police dispatcher, a colorful good ol’ boy holding forth in his garage and a Sunday school teacher whose reflections are wrenching and heartening at the same time.
Long after the crime has been solved, the questions that propel “Little Hope Was Arson” linger: Where does God resides in the worst of us? And just what do we mean when we say the words “fellowship,” “forgiveness” and “redemption”? Indeed, as improbable as it sounds, this might wind up being the most heartwarming holiday film of the season. -- A.H.
Unrated. Contains references to drug use. 71 minutes. Available via iTunes, Amazon Instant , Google Play, Vudu, Xbox, PlayStation and select cable providers.
LIFE PARTNERS
Growing up is hard, and delaying the process makes it no easier. Just look at Sasha (Leighton Meester) and Paige (Gillian Jacobs), the title characters of “ Life Partners .” Sasha’s parents help with her rent, not to mention the taxes she owes after she checks the wrong box on her W-2. Paige holds a steady job as a lawyer, but she balks when her mom stops paying for mother-daughter lunch dates. The two women, both in their late 20s, make the perfect co-dependent pair as they grouse about their love lives (Sasha is gay and Paige is straight), guzzle wine and provide running commentary for episodes of “America’s Next Top Model.”
Leighton Meester and Gillian Jacobs in "Life Partners." (Magnolia Pictures)
But their solid relationship, based on mutual immaturity, begins to falter when Paige meets Tim (Adam Brody, who happens to be married to Meester in real life). Suddenly, Paige is less interested in drunken late nights and slumber parties with her best friend. Sasha, meanwhile, continues dating much younger girls who live with their parents.
“Life Partners” is funny and sweet, and ably captures the trend of millennial arrested development, as 20-somethings wait longer to get married and settle down. And the movie is smart not to let Sasha’s sexual orientation play into the pair’s tension. This isn’t a love triangle so much as a scenario anyone can relate to: the loss of a great friend to a significant other. Meester and Jacobs, two actresses best know for television (“ Gossip Girl ” and “ Community ,” respectively), conjure realistic chemistry, and both show more range and naturalism than they ever did in their series roles.
The movie tends to depend a little too heavily on montages, where big life changes — Paige moving in with Tim, for example — get glossed over in a single moment set to a jaunty tune. There’s some sense that Susanna Fogel, who directed and co-wrote the movie, is taking the easy way out rather than writing meaningful scene. And that especially stands out for a movie about finally confronting the tough stuff head-on. -- S.M.
R. Contains language and some sexual content. 95 minutes. Available on Amazon Instant , iTunes and Netflix.
 
Ann Hornaday is The Post's movie critic.
Washington-area native Stephanie Merry covers movies, theater and art for Weekend and the Going Out Guide. She’s also the section’s de facto expert on yoga, gluten-free dining and bicycle commuting.

Ann Hornaday and Stephanie MerryRelief will come Saturday with some sun and highs in the 40s or maybe 50s.
More by  A. Camden Walker : 2014

Volatility spikes after strong payrolls; Wall Street to open flatWall Street dips in volatile trade; oil prices fall further
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
0
The S&P 500 energy index <.SPNY> bounced between positive and negative territory but ended down 0.7 percent after U.S. crude  settled off 3.3 percent at $55.91, hitting fresh 5-1/2 year lows. Both U.S. crude and Brent have fallen roughly 50 percent from highs in June.
"The question of lower global demand ... and how that translates into global economic growth, is a worry for investors," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Utility and financial shares were also among the day's biggest losers, with shares of JPMorgan Chase  down 1.5 percent at $59.16.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 99.99 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,180.84, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.7 points, or 0.63 percent, to 1,989.63 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 48.44 points, or 1.04 percent, to 4,605.16.
The S&P 500 ended below its 50-day moving average in a sign of possible further selling.
Shares of pet supply retailer PetSmart  rose 4.2 percent to $80.97 after it agreed to be bought by a private equity consortium led by BC Partners Ltd for $8.7 billion, in the largest leveraged buyout of the year.
Among the day's economic numbers, U.S. manufacturing output recorded its largest increase in nine months in November as production expanded across the board, pointing to underlying strength in the economy. However, the New York Federal Reserve's gauge of manufacturing turned negative in December for the first time in almost two years.
About 8.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 7.4 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancers 2,354 to 749, for a 3.14-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,962 issues fell and 790 advanced for a 2.48-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 34 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 40 new highs and 179 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Deb Shops files for bankruptcy0
Court documents say Deb Shops has about $90.5 million in assets and $120.1 million in liabilities. The latest revenue figures for the company show sales of about $205 million as of Nov. 1, 10 percent less than last year.
CEO Dawn Robertson blamed the retailer's poor performance on "old tired stores" and a tough environment for teen-focused retailers. The company, which is primarily owned by private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management began looking for a buyer in late October, when management realized that it would run out of cash within weeks, according to court documents. It has approached five liquidators through an intermediary.
Deb Shops operates in 44 states, primarily along the East Coast and in the Midwest, and has about 4,000 full-time and part-time employees, according to court documents.
It sold the business to its lenders when it first filed for bankruptcy three years ago. Cerberus Capital Management, now owns almost 70 percent, followed by Guggenheim Partners, with 21 percent, and Credit Suisse Securities and Lee Equity Partners.
Lee Equity is the investment firm of Thomas H. Lee, who bought the chain in 2007 for $395 million.
Reuters contributed to this report.

MF folio count rises by 3.5 lakh in FY 2015 so farThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RCOM signs seven-year agreement with EricssonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

#Japanese company to build houses in IndiaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Good news plus chart also indicate 25 in coming days downside maximum ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

The company has issued bonds to raise these funds a part of which will...Gold Member
48 Followers
The company has issued bonds to raise these funds a part of which will be used to set up 1 GW of wind energy capacity in India.
In reply to : nandi011235 message
8.00 PM Dec 5th

If company gets good money from medanta sale & company delievers good ...New Member
15 Followers
Many boarder s here are questioning Punj’s plans to retire debt…Here is what was reported in the recent interview –
There are two ways to reduce debt - One is the non-core asset monetisation and the second is we are aggressively following up our claims which are there globally and which is a significant amount which is outstanding there. Some of the claim settlement with Qatar Petroleum and then NDIA or the New Doha International Airport, these are things which have picked up momentum in the last two months. We expect that the process to get concluded in this quarter but then they have their own approval process therefore I said that the money to flow in Q4 of that.
On paper we have a claims worth of Rs 10,000 crore globally. However when we took stock internally, saying that let us see what is the most conservative basis we can recover these claims, we are at a figure of about Rs 3,000 crore. We did a quarter wise schedule and it is expected to be liquidated by Q3 of next year. Therefore, we expect this in four-five quarters the money to flow in gradually.
In reply to : dream4ever message
11.05 AM Dec 8th

I can still see pal products in supermarts.. also its manuf date is oc...Replies (1)
Guest
But if they are doing business as usual then why they are not taking any steps to relist their shares in bse and nse
In reply to : mashkmk message
10.40 PM Dec 5th

Gold sees biggest single-day gainSave this video
Copy URL
Posting this year's biggest single-day rise of Rs 840, gold regained the Rs 27,000-per-ten-gram level after a gap of over one month in the national capital, tracking rebounds in global markets.
39

In Broad Fight Against Ebola  Football Stars Can Helpreddit
© John James/UNICEF
Before becoming president of the World Bank, I was an infectious disease physician. I've seen firsthand that stopping an epidemic requires the coordinated efforts of many people and organizations. Ebola is no different.
I'll be traveling today and tomorrow to Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, the three countries most affected by the Ebola outbreak. I'm interested in hearing from the heads of state in each country and from those on the frontlines of the response. The effort to fight Ebola has made some important progress in recent weeks, but our goal is to get to zero Ebola cases, and that will take another major push with new strategies and tactics.
One important part of the next stage is stepping up awareness campaigns, and that's why the World Bank Group has partnered with 11 people who we hope will have a major impact on defeating the outbreak: some of the world's greatest football players.
Our public awareness campaign is called 11 Against Ebola. These sports stars pass on messages about simple yet effective ways to reduce the virus's transmission and promote caring for the sick.
Cristiano Ronaldo of Portugal tells people to "avoid body contact." George Davies of Sierra Leone encourages the sick to "seek immediate medical help." And Raphaël Varane of France warns, "Do not touch the dead."
Television spots, social media posts, online videos and posters are featuring team members telling audiences in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone how to respond to the outbreak. By empowering the affected populations with key information, these footballers will also help to reduce the fear associated with the virus and the stigma imposed on the sick.
This effort is also a reminder that the rest of us must keep our eye on the ball: Ebola remains a global and local crisis, even as the international community increases its efforts to extinguish the outbreak.
As of this week, the World Health Organization reported a global total of more than 16,000 cases and nearly 6,943 deaths. We also expect economic losses in the billions of dollars in the West Africa region, as employees stay home, markets close, and food prices rise.
At the same time, we are seeing some hopeful signs. The numbers of cases in Liberia has decreased, and burial and funeral practices are becoming safer. This latter point is important because data suggest these improvements have had the greatest impact on reducing new infections.
Indeed, now is the time to accelerate our efforts and adapt to changing conditions on the ground. We know this virus has a history of resurgence, so we need to hunt the virus where it still exists. We cannot accept anything less than zero new cases.
To do this, teamwork is essential. We must implement disciplined contact tracing once someone is confirmed to have contracted the virus; continue to promote safe funeral and burial practices; provide a more flexible, decentralized treatment model of community-based care, with stronger ability to triage and diagnose; develop and distribute new diagnostics and vaccines; and listen to voices from the ground about how the response should adapt to changing conditions.
Educating communities to reduce their transmission risk and seek medical attention early will play a critical role in the success of these plans. The 11 Against Ebola campaign helps accomplish this. We hope the messages from Didier Drogba of Côte d'Ivoire, Neymar Jr. of Brazil, Xavi of Spain, and others will spread throughout communities. We need teams like this to beat Ebola.
Join the conversation on social media at #wecanbeatebola.
Follow Jim Yong Kim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/worldbank
More:

Xiaomi Redmi Note sold out in 6 secondsXiaomi Redmi Note sold out on Flipkart in 6 seconds
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 13:52 IST
Xiaomi's Redmi Note smartphone has been sold out in 6 seconds. Its global VP Hugo Barra took to Twitter to announce that its latest product in India was sold out on e-commerce portal, Flipkart. The company had offered 50,000 devices on sale costing Rs.8,999.
"Mi India: Redmi Note out of stock in 6 secs today! @Flipkart @MiIndiaOfficial ," tweeted Barra, who previously worked in Google before joining the Chinese company.
The phone features a large 5.5-inch 720P screen, an MediaTek octa-core processor clocked at 1.7GHz, 2GB of RAM and 8GB of internal memory. The phone's memory can be expanded using a microSD card, and it also has dual-SIM support compatible with both GSM and WCDMA networks.
The phone has a 3,200mAh battery and has a 13-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front camera. It runs on a older version of Android - 4.2 Jelly Bean. Other features of the phone include Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth.
Xiaomi is also preparing another model of the Redmi Note which will be powered by a quad-core Qualcomm processor and will support LTE networks in the country. That model will cost slightly more at Rs.9,999.

45 fake social networking a/c cases reported till OctGovt registered 45 fake social networking a/c cases till Oct, says Ravi Shankar Prasad
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 4, 2014  | 08:47 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The number of fake and duplicate social networking accounts is on the rise with 45 cases being registered till October 2014, the Parliament was informed on Wednesday.
A total number of 3, 45, 37, 41 and 45 cases of fake/duplicate accounts/profiles on various social networking websites were reported to the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) in the year 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 (till October) respectively by various law enforcement agencies, Minister for Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
In most of the cases, such fake/duplicate accounts were successfully disabled in association with social networking sites having offices in the country, Prasad said.
However, no data was made available regarding the details of persons opening such fake/duplicate accounts, he added.
"The cyber space is virtual, borderless and unanimous. These unique characteristics facilitate anyone to open and post information from anywhere on the social networking sites, hiding his/her identity and originality," the Minister said.
Prasad added that no authentic data is made available by social networking websites on the number of such fake/duplicate accounts.
Replying to a separate query, the IT minister said as per the cyber crime data maintained by National Cyber Records Bureau (NCRB), a total of 966, 1,791, 2,876 and 4,356 cyber crime cases were registered under the Information Technology Act during the years 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively.
Also, as per information provided by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), 14,271, 10,048, 8,765 and 6,034 cyber fraud cases were reported to the central bank during 2010-11, 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, respectively, Prasad said.

Govt defends hike in fuel excise dutySave this video
Copy URL
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan has defended the govt decision to hike the excise duty by saying that it will help get its fiscal book in order.
15

limiting the downside of police body camerasBy Stephen Stromberg December 4 Follow @strombergsteve
A New York City police officer wears a body camera during a news conference about a pilot program. (Shannon Stapleton/Reuters)
It’s inevitable that more police officers will be wearing body cameras in the coming years. The question should be, under what standards?
After a grand jury declined to indict New York City police officer Daniel Pantaleo for putting Eric Garner in a fatal chokehold, despite shocking footage of the incident, some have questioned whether more video evidence will matter much. Meanwhile, the Atlantic’s Uri Friedman pushed back Wednesday against the strong post-Ferguson movement to deploy officer body cameras , noting that experts still lack definitive proof that they live up to their hype as policing tools. They make “logical sense,” body camera expert Barak Ariel told Friedman — but researchers are still collecting evidence.
That’s not to say, though, that there isn’t any. There are several strong indications that body cameras can improve a range of law enforcement activities, including confrontations that have the potential to turn violent. One sign is the success of police dashboard cameras, which have “increased officer safety and accountability and reduced agency liability,” a recent Justice Department analysis reported. Another is psychological research that shows people tend to be more responsible when they are being recorded. Yet another is on-the-ground experience from early-adopting police departments in the United States and Britain.
The Justice report warns that it’s not yet clear why body cameras seem to help. “The decline in complaints and use of force may be tied to improved citizen behavior, improved police officer behavior, or a combination of the two. It may also be due to changes in citizen complaint reporting patterns (rather than a civilizing effect), as there is evidence that citizens are less likely to file frivolous complaints against officers wearing cameras.” But any of these causal explanations would be positive.
These considerations and logical sense seem to be enough for policymakers. President Obama has asked Congress for $263 million in federal funds to help equip police departments. That would accelerate a transition that has already begun.
If the question of whether the country will put body cameras on more officers already seems to be answered, however, there are still plenty more questions that police departments will have to address from there. For example: Where will they store their recorded video? Will officers be trained well enough to know when it’s appropriate to record and when it’s not — and reliably act on that knowledge? Will public disclosure practices be geared toward effective transparency, witness protection and other worthy goals, or toward shielding officers? And how will police departments ensure that stored, unreleased video — on the cloud, say — is protected from unauthorized access? Homeland security consultant Paul Rosenzweig put it to me this way: If you’re wondering whether storing sensitive police images in the cloud is a potential privacy hazard, “ask Jennifer Lawrence.”
“Officers a lot of times are seeing people on the worst day of their lives,” an Albuquerque police sergeant told Justice Department analysts , “and we’re capturing that on video that’s now a public record.”
Police departments will have to figure out how various privacy and evidence laws apply to body camera footage. They will also have to fill in gaps. The Body Worn Video Steering Group , an international association of police organizations using body cameras, has developed a policy template that departments can adapt for themselves. Better yet, the Justice Department should produce its own model standards. And before the federal government starts distributing hundreds of millions of dollars, Congress should think about requiring all police departments that get money to take some basic care.
Stephen Stromberg is a Post editorial writer. He specializes in domestic policy, including energy, the environment, legal affairs and public health.

Gruden could consider adding QB coachBy Mike Jones December 4 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Quarterbacks Robert Griffin III, left, and Colt McCoy with offensive coordinator Sean McVay on Sunday. (Darron Cummings/Associated Press)
Redskins coach Jay Gruden said that he could consider adding a quarterbacks coach to his staff in the offseason. But the first-year head coach added that he doesn’t believe the lack of a coach with that title has hurt his passers this season.
“Yeah, we are going to revisit everything next year, but that is a position we could revisit,” Gruden said when asked if he still felt good about his decision not to have a quarterback coach on his staff.
When forming his coaching staff this season, Gruden tabbed Sean McVay as his offensive coordinator, Chris Foerster as offensive line coach, Randy Jordan has running backs coach, Ike Hilliard as wide receivers coach and Wes Phillips as tight ends coach. But Gruden didn’t hire a quarterbacks coach. He did, however, also hired an assistant offensive line coach, a “special projects” and an offensive quality control assistant.
Gruden went without a quarterbacks coach, something that only the Redskins and Patriots have opted to do his season, largely because he is very hands-on with the offense, and the quarterbacks overall. The former quarterback also serves as his own play-caller, although McVay also has a role in the game planning, play selections and coaching of that unit. McVay helps run quarterbacks through position drills, handling the same tasks that Washington’s previous quarterbacks coach, Matt LaFleur, did the past four seasons. And offensive quality control assistant Jake Peetz also helps Gruden and McVay with some of the drilling of the quarterbacks.
Head coach Jay Gruden. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
McVay and Gruden also share duties in running the quarterback meetings.
Quarterback Robert Griffin III struggled this season and has been demoted to second string. Kirk Cousins had some bright spots as the starter with Griffin injured for five games earlier this season, but he played his way out of the job because of his inability to minimize turnovers. Colt McCoy has proven to be the most steady of the three quarterbacks.
But Gruden said that he doesn’t see those struggles as a byproduct of not having an official quarterback coach.
“I don’t regret it, no,” Gruden said about the decision. “Because I work closely with the quarterbacks also, and [McVay], and I figured I didn’t want to have too many voices preaching. But I think next year, if we have a spot on staff, there is a possibility we could add another guy to that area. But I think we have enough people in-house that are coaching the quarterbacks. That’s not an issue. But if we have a spot next year, then we can address it, like we will at every other position.”
More from The Post:

On Twitter  division over a show of solidarityBy Drew Harwell and Danielle Paquette December 4 Follow @drewharwell Follow @dpaqreport
As outrage spread nationally over a grand jury’s decision not to indict a white New York police officer in the death of black man, a professional writer for Jimmy Fallon sent a half-joking tweet Wednesday ridiculing white privilege under the hashtag #CrimingWhileWhite.
It exploded, and soon white people were confessing to crimes they got away with at a rate of 600 tweets a minute: A white drunken driver given only a speeding ticket. A man, after shoving a police officer, told to go home and sleep it off.
By Thursday morning, the online campaign that some saw as a show of solidarity had become another source of division. Many African Americans on Twitter began to see it as a belittling, self-serving failure to grasp the daily discriminations confronting blacks.
“I know it was well-intentioned,” said Jamilah Lemieux, a senior digital editor at Ebony magazine, who launched a response hashtag, #AliveWhileBlack. “For white people to say, ‘Hey, these are all the things I’ve gotten away with’– it starts feeling more hurtful than productive.”
As social flashpoints expand from the streets to online, #CrimingWhileWhite became the latest sign of how racial tensions can boil over in a digital age. The result was at turns organic, chaotic and raw – a flurry of expression that captured the best and worst of how Americans talk about race.
The tweets helped pull a whispered universe of racial privilege onto a national, share-able stage, and #CrimingWhileWhite became Twitter’s most shared topic in the United States and a trending topic across the world. But some questioned whether it had undermined its own message by pushing moments of privilege into performance art.
“It can be the start to something great if there are extensive conversations beyond the 140 characters, if there’s real action and work beyond just what we post on our Twitter or Facebook status updates,” said Stephany Rose, an assistant professor of women’s and ethnic studies at the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs.
“It can be useful. But it just cannot remain as this performance … this distraction from what people of color need right now when it comes to justice in their community.”
At best, the tweets were untold and deeply personal, stemming from a broad section of Americans who might not otherwise take to the streets in protest. Paired with #AliveWhileBlack, the vignettes provided a baffling look at racial inequality in the wake of the recent deaths of Eric Garner, 43, and two other black males, 18-year-old Michael Brown and 12-year-old Tamir Rice.
“Acknowledging it first of all goes a real close way to understanding. That is tangible, that is progress,” said Christopher Parker, an associate professor of social justice and political science at the University of Washington. “It has that domino effect: The more involved you feel with something, the more passionate you feel with it, the more you identify with it.”
But at worst, some said, the tweets amounted to a bragging board, another point of isolation over which blacks and whites stood irrevocably apart. Like many protests, the venue contributed to the chaos: on Twitter, the boundless flurry of 140-character sentiment appeared detached from conversation and context-free.
“It’s always this problem with the evolving nature of online media, the way social movements have used it, evolving their own form of protest,” said Cliff Lampe, an associate professor of information at the University of Michigan. “Raising awareness, does that do any good? Does that create any meaningful change?”
It would not be the first online social movement criticized as shallow “clicktivism,” with participants more concerned about affiliation with a popular cause than meaningful protest. A similar movement, #FirstWorldProblems — a tongue-in-cheek meme of petty issues facing only the healthy and well-off — was later ridiculed for encouraging the kind of whining it was made to lament.
Jason Ross, the Tonight Show writer and former Daily Show writer, launched the #CrimingWhileWhite hashtag Wednesday, tweeting, “Busted 4 larceny at 11. At 17, cited for booze + caught w gun @ school. No one called me a thug. Can’t recommend being white highly enough.” He encouraged other white people to share their stories of being “under-punished.” When reached, Ross said he sent the tweet from his personal account and was not acting as a representative of the Tonight Show. He declined to comment further.
Though hard to verify, the ensuing tweets appeared in many cases to be genuine attempts to share anger over how differently blacks and whites are treated in modern life.
Mary Pierce, 39, a special education lawyer in Boston, said she was pushed by guilt to type her story Wednesday on her iPhone as she scrolled through the stories from both hashtags: “When I was 21 I was pulled over drunk and crying from a break up. Wasn’t arrested. #CrimingWhileWhite.”
Pierce said she probably reeked like beer that day as she sped through Phoenix, mascara smeared. “The officer didn’t even give me a sobriety test,” she said. “He almost looked apologetic. I’m not trying to cause any more pain or brag with this story — just acknowledge there’s privilege. That it’s wrong.”
But the sensitive racial dimensions of #CrimingWhileWhite, some said, made it all the more painful to accept. Elon James White, a blogger, radio host and founder of This Week in Blackness, said the tweets showcased another America with which he could never play a part.
“It was a hard pill to swallow, reading those. You people were talking about drugs, causing accidents and getting off scot-free,” White said. “I’d be arrested just for thinking about it.”
White shared his own story of #AliveWhileBlack: Having forgot his wallet at work, he jumped a New York subway turnstile, only to find himself immediately arrested, jailed overnight and interrogated over other crimes.
Such tales of disparity are largely what led Lemieux, the Ebony editor magazine, to launch #AliveWhileBlack from her home in Brooklyn.
Lemieux thought of her father, a police officer, who “carefully instructed our family and friends in how to deal with police officers. … Unfortunately, there are skills you need to survive the police.”
Even agreeing on the singular message from hundreds of thousands of disparate stories became a sticking point. Ethan Zuckerman, the director of the Center for Civic Media at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said he supported the hashtag as a movement for racial justice but was worried by the implicit problem of whites feeling comfortable posting about past crimes.
“The absurdity of persistent racism in America means that white Americans rarely think about privilege,” Zuckerman said, “and black Americans are forced to think about vulnerability and targeting all the time.”
But Zuckerman said, in a conversation, Sherrilyn Ifill, a director of the NAACP’s Legal Defense and Education Fund, told him that she saw the #CrimingWhileWhite hashtag as an encouraging sign that whites were both acknowledging the privilege and recognizing its implications.
“She told me she was happily retweeting,” Zuckerman said.
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.
Danielle Paquette is a reporter covering the intersection of people and policy. She’s from Indianapolis and previously worked for the Tampa Bay Times. Follow her on Twitter: @Dpaqreport.
Next up

Should we make in India or in BharatShould we make in India or in Bharat?
PRADEEP S MEHTA
Twilight zone Rural industry will brighten up agriculture prospects as well KK Mustafah
PRADEEP S MEHTA
With a little push, rural small-scale industry can propel jobs and growth, while modernising farming as well
The Make in India campaign seems to be focused on big industries in big cities. But it is time to see how micro, small and medium enterprises in rural India can be a force multiplier. Whenever anyone mentions the word ‘rural’, what springs to mind is farming. But more than 65 per cent of rural labour is engaged in non-farm livelihood activities, or the Rural Non-Farm Economy (RNFE).
The majority of rural labour is involuntarily engaged in low-skill, low-paid, tertiary-level jobs. Their lot can be improved if a synergy is created between Make in India and Make in Bharat.
RNFE consists of all non-agricultural activities in rural areas: from household and non-household manufacturing to trade and commerce and other services. At present, this sector is dominated by tertiary activities. One of the major development challenges before us is to create an enabling environment for the growth of micro-, small- and medium-sized manufacturing and service enterprises in rural areas.
Infrastructure needs
This is the only sustainable way to provide better quality jobs to our rural youth. These opportunities can act as disincentives to their migration to cities in India and abroad. Our work in RNFE in States as diverse as Assam, Karnataka, Odisha and Rajasthan brings this out.
Under a UNDP-supported programme titled Insights into Indian States, we found that despite the existence of significant bottlenecks such as lack of access to credit and weak market linkages due to poor infrastructure, this sector contributes significantly to reduction in rural poverty.
We also found strong linkages between the growth of this sector and the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA). Where implementation of MNREGA is strong, the RNFE sector did relatively well and poverty numbers were down. The proposed improved version of MNREGA should take this dimension into consideration. It should look at how MGNREGA can help create modern infrastructure for the RNFE sector, now largely oriented towards tertiary activities, so that the sector can take to manufacture of mass-based products.
We found that the manufacturing growth within the RNFE sector is not particularly dependent on government incentives. It is driven by the entrepreneurial spirit of the rural people. At the same time, due to infrastructural problems (such as roads and power) and weak marketing linkages, micro-, small- and medium-sized manufacturing units are unable to realise their potential for horizontal and vertical expansion.
Developing synergies
The sector needs an enabling environment for business. One of the ways is to provide better infrastructure to address the problems of production and market linkages. Micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises are more constrained than large ones in the establishment and running of their businesses. Removing those constraints (addressing the ‘ease of doing business’ issue) will make them competitive.
Therefore, the national manufacturing policy should help rural entrepreneurs explore linkages with large-scale manufacturing. The objective should be to establish strong linkages between micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises in rural areas and big industries in manufacturing zones. Large-scale initiatives such as in the upcoming economic and industrial corridors should be viewed in this light. This approach is against the traditional concept of looking merely at agriculture-industry linkages to understand the development and transformation of an economy.
There must be special emphasis on setting up agro-based industries and encouraging large-scale production of mass commodities. Many such commodities are imported into India, which are in the nature of inessential imports. The Centre has taken the right decision to regularly monitor such imports and reduce them over time.
Such imports are both an indicator of the eroding competitiveness of Indian manufacturers and the inadequacy of domestic standards. We must apply improved standards equally to domestic manufacturing and imports of similar products. Hopefully, India’s new foreign trade policy will address the menace of inessential imports of sub-standard goods.
The Make in India campaign should create an enabling environment for developing strong linkages between large-scale manufacturing and smaller enterprises in rural areas. The effective implementation of the manufacturing policy and the foreign trade policy can strengthen the synergy between Make in India and Make in Bharat.
The Chinese experience
We have estimated that effective implementation of India’s trade policy can generate 15 million new jobs annually, much of it in the RNFE sector. This approach can also help usher in modern farming practices.
Rising employment in manufacturing activities in the RNFE sector will put pressure on the cost of production of agriculture. The way to address the issue is not through short-term incentives but by modernising the farm sector. This will lead to stronger linkages between agriculture and industry, which can act as a generator of growth and employment.
Over the last two decades, China pursued rural industrialisation at great speed through the development of township and village enterprises (TVEs) that led to China becoming the factory of the world. The co-operative culture in Chinese villages was crucial in enhancing TVE development. From 1986 to 1998, the average asset scale of TVEs increased about tenfold. In this process, the collective TVEs, in which land, labour, capital and materials were owned by the community, also played a significant role. India could learn from the successes and shortcomings of TVEs to realise the goals of Make in India and Make in Bharat.
Unlike China, India is a democratic, quasi-federal country, and therefore the Centre will have to incentivise the States to join this twin campaign. The proposal to replace the Planning Commission with a new entity by merging the Interstate Council, Programme Evaluation Organisation, Aadhar and Direct Benefit Programme will be a good platform to create ownership among States in any such national endeavour.
The writer is secretary-general of CUTS International. Co-authored with the deputy executive director, Bipul Chatterjee
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sex trade and middle-class hypocrisySex trade and middle-class hypocrisy
Bijoy Bharathan
The Hindu The victims Of our archaic attitudes and intolerance
Innuendo works well as primetime family entertainment. Talking about sex workers spoils the fun, doesn’t it?
In the midst of the ongoing debate on legalising sex trade in India, The Independent carried an article on a woman in the US opening a shop called Cuddle Up To Me, which received 10,000 email enquiries in its first week of operations.
For about $60 an hour, clients can have themselves hugged, hold hands, have their hair stroked and get cuddled in many different ways by professional cuddler Samantha Hess, the brains behind the enterprise.
The comments below the news highlighted a multitude of angles to the phenomenon, including a society that craves cuddles, even for cash. And they raised questions about the thin red line between non-sexual, feel-good human contact and genuine intimacy.
This also reflects a need to revaluate the notion of basic human instincts, which are now subject to market forces prevalent in a highly consumerist economy like, say, India.
Soon, one may also find adverts of life-sized humanoid cuddle pillows and sex dolls. How else do you explain high profile e-tailer Flipkart’s entry to the sexual wellness products market, once considered taboo and still contentious in the eyes of lawmakers and even the general public?
It is a grave concern that the topic of sex can never be breached in India without ruffling a few feathers.
A tall order
Legally recognising the existence of sex workers might be a tall order in our country, which is home to a culture of repression.
A big chunk of the populace prefer to ignore the fates of those earning their livelihoods through sex work. As far as they are concerned, such workers could very well go on with their lives, only in the darkness of alleyways on the fringes of society. Our hypocrisy can be breathtaking. Primetime entertainment collapses ever so easily into suggestions of sleaze, but that’s kosher. We can salivate at the stars on display and yet have our veneer of respectability intact.
Sample this: In 2011, popular reality show ‘Bigg Boss’ roped in Sunny Leone, an adult entertainment star of Indo-Canadian origin to achieve the TRP (television rating point) equivalent of a happy ending. Did the producers of the show do this by an error of judgment?
Not at all, for it was driven by the idea that Indian men in the target demographic of 18-35 years (give or take 5 to 10 years to adjust for precociousness or late blooming) are consumers of pornography and were familiar with one of the most well-known faces in that genre. The creators of the show allowed viewers to promote the show for themselves.
All they had to do was sit back and watch the advertisers queue up by the thousands.
While Leone cashed in on her enormous fan base, she might have also helped a new generation of viewers embrace adult entertainment.
All in the game
Of course, a few people stepped out on to the streets to protest against porn stars from California’s infamous San Fernando Valley invading Indian living rooms during primetime.
Meanwhile school-goers, their parents and grandparents found themselves glued to the idiot box participating in an exercise that was nothing short of misery-fuelled voyeurism. Oddly enough, no moral sensibilities kicked in at that hour.
Juxtapose this with the news that the US reality TV star and hapless socialite Kim Kardashian — who unsuccessfully attempted to ‘Break the Internet’ with her artistically photo-shopped nudity — was slated to appear on an episode of ‘Bigg Boss’ (Kardashian later dropped the idea).
It seems like too much of a coincidence, doesn’t it? But as Grand Master Oogway from Kung Fu Panda reminds Po, “There are no accidents.”
Get perspectives right
This is happening at a time when mature adult audiences walk into an A-rated film released on our shores to witness ‘problematic’ scenes (read intimate scenes) edited callously.
Conversely, when David Fincher’s Gone Girl was screened last month in a multiplex in Chennai, and the moment something would heat up on screen, the Censor Board would opt for the new and improved alternative to the scissors — a brilliantly inventive three-pronged approach of ‘pan and scan and zoom’ — which crops out the ‘action’ onscreen, forgive the pun.
Who or rather what are the forces at work here? Why will a film like ‘Happy New Year’ with all its purported misogyny get an international release and break box office records while a realistic and shattering examination of love and relationships like Abdellatif Kechiche’s French film Blue is the Warmest Color or Richard Linklater’s Before Midnight find only film festival slots in India?
Before the government thinks about tackling the sex trade issue, it needs to take a breather to focus on the real issues — that of perspectives.
As long as we pretend to be in denial, a cuddle shop in India would continue to be a decoy, like a massage parlour to nurture a cesspool of illicit activities.
Single men and women who will tentatively turn house hunters someday, will continue to put up with landlords for whom the ground rules are simple: only ‘decency’ to be maintained. No live in. No bachelors. No drinking. No partying. No members of the opposite sex.
Maybe, you need to start right at the beginning. Sex education imparted in schools needs to be a serious business, and not a snicker-inducing march to the biology lab with separate formations for boys and girls, who will in turn be administered by a Reproductive Sciences Nazi on the wisdom of ze birds and ze bees.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Piecemeal legislationTweet
The Companies Bill misses the big picture
If ever there was a contest to identify Acts that have been legislated and amended the most, the Indian Income Act of 1961 and the Companies Act, 1956, would find a place at the very top. The reason for multiple amendments could be the nature of the legislations — one is to levy, manage and collect taxes on income from the teeming millions and the other to regulate the functioning of companies.
After endless delays, a new Companies Act was enacted in 2013 — which was an attempt at ushering in a Gen-next regulation in India. In a deviation from the normal practice, the rules to complement the Act were introduced in instalments and, in some instances, seemed to score over the provisions of the Act.
Thanks to a few shockingly draconian provisions (such as Section 447 of Companies Act, 2013), corporate India, their consultants, and chambers of commerce commenced a campaign against problematic provisions.
The new government promised to look into the requests.
The amendments
The Companies Amendment Bill, 2014, introduced in Parliament recently, is the government’s response to those requests. It has tinkered in 14 areas with the core area of focus being ease of doing business.
These include prohibiting public inspection of Board resolutions filed in the Registry, including a provision for writing off past losses/depreciation before declaring dividend for the year, and enabling provisions to prescribe thresholds beyond which fraud shall be reported to the Centre.
Below the threshold, it will be reported to the audit committee. The amendment also mandates that disclosures for frauds reported to the audit committee are also to be made in the board’s report.
The proposals talk about empowering audit committees to give omnibus approvals for related party transactions on an annual basis. An ordinary resolution (and not a special resolution as is the present position) for approval of related party transactions is mandated under the new law.
Scope for misuse
The government has thought it fit to restrict bails only for offences relating to fraud under section 447. The proposed amendments conclude with provisions stating that winding up cases will be heard by a two-member bench instead of a three-member bench and special courts to try only offences carrying imprisonment of two years or more.
Any proposals that seek to reduce onerous provisions in legislation are welcome. The government appears to have developed a penchant for ensuring that some action takes place fast without looking at the big picture. This approach would work well for legislations that are relatively minor.
We are in a time when banks appear to have adopted the motto “Have money but will not lend”. Corporate India would look upon legislations such as the Companies Act to provide them ways to raise money through deposits and inter-company transactions.
There are provisions in the Companies Act, 2013 on this, but one look at the details are enough to deter rather then encourage an entity from opting for this route.
The government should be wary of continuing with this piecemeal style of legislation into GST and the amendments to the Income-Tax Act.
The writer is a chartered accountant
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Come some way  lots to goCome some way, lots to go
Maulik Tewari
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

MCFL up 16% on Zuari group s Rs 282-crore offerMangalore Chemicals rallies about 16% on Zuari group open offer
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 12.57PM IST
At 09:50 a.m.; Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd was trading 8.5 per cent higher at Rs 93.50. It hit a low of Rs 92.30 and a high of Rs 98.35 in trade today. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd rallied as much as 14.1 per cent in trade on Friday, after Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group said that it will spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in UB Group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) through a new open offer.
On the NSE, the stock gained 15.62 per cent to Rs 99.90.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company's fully diluted voting equity share capital, PTI reported.
The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL's closing price of Rs 86.15 on Thursday, added the report.
The offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. It sets the stage for another bidding war for control of MCFL, which is target of an intense takeover battle between Zuari group and Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rupee gains 12 paise against US dollar in early tradeComments
After two days of listless trade, the Indian rupee on Friday rebounded 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the Greenback following dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid signs of fund inflows.
Dollar selling was so strong that even a weak trend in local equities and a firm dollar overseas could not stem the rupee's rise, forex dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.80 a dollar from previous close of 61.92. It was trapped in a narrow range of 61.75 --almost two-week intra-day low-- and 61.90 before concluding at 61.77, logging a rise of 15 paise or 0.24%.
This was its strongest close since 61.76 on November 21.
In the previous two sessions, the rupee had softened by four paise or 0.06%.
The local currency also took cues from government's 5% stake sale in SAIL, for an estimated Rs. 1,700 crore, generating a robust demand among investors with the offer getting subscribed more than two times on Friday.
The Indian stock benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, however, fell back by 104.72 points, or 0.37%.
FPIs/FIIs had injected USD 103.13 million on Thursday as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, an indicator of other six major global rivals, was up by 0.27%.
In the forward market, premia remained weak on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in May declined further to 217.5-219.5 paise from 220-222 paise previously.
Forward contracts maturing in November 2015 also dropped to 428-430 paise from 432.5-434.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.8535 and for the Euro at 76.5313.
The rupee recovered slightly against the pound to 96.92 from 97.086 on Thursday, while improved further to 51.26 per 100 Japanese yen from 51.61.
It, however, turned a tad negative to end at 76.27 per euro from Thursday's close of 76.25.

SpiceJet Cuts Fleet Size  to Stay SmallerYou are here: Home Corporates
SpiceJet Cuts Fleet Size, to Stay Smaller
Reuters | Updated On: December 05, 2014 15:40 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: SpiceJet Ltd cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Mr Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India had reinstated its credit facility after the airline resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
The airports regulator told SpiceJet this week that it must pay in cash for services like landing, parking and luggage handling every time it flies a plane, which typically happens when an airline owes it money beyond a certain threshold.
SpiceJet stock closed down 14.06 per cent on BSE, and it has lost a quarter of its value this week.
India's second-biggest budget carrier said last week it was in early talks with potential investors about an injection of capital. The airline said in May it was in advanced talks with investors for funding but no deal materialised.
Mr Kapoor declined to comment on the state of the talks.
SpiceJet is losing money in a market where competition with rivals GoAir and IndiGo has kept fares low and operating costs remain comparatively high, and the majority of India's larger carriers are loss-making.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SAIL offer oversubscribed; govt to get Rs 1 500 crore | Sensex in redequities
MUMBAI: A clutch of state-owned insurers and banks stepped in to ensure the success of the Narendra Modi government's first share sale. Public sector insurance companies led by Life Insurance Corp. (LIC) and lenders including State Bank of India (SBI) lapped up majority of the Rs 1,700-crore issue of Steel Authority of India (SAIL) on Friday as many traditional foreign institutions and domestic mutual funds stayed away from the offer. Retail investors lapped up all the shares set aside for them.
SAIL's 20.65-crore-share offer for sale (OFS) done through stock exchanges on Friday was subscribed two times. Bids under the general category, including institutional investors and banks among others, were almost two times the 18.65 crore shares reserved for them.
Retail investors put in bids for 2.7 times the 2.06 crore shares kept aside for the category. They will be allotted the shares at a discount of 5% to the bid price. There was some confusion about the subscription details in the last hour of trading. At around 2:30 pm, the BSE website showed the offer was subscribed 131%, but it was soon revised to 69%. Soon, both exchanges showed the offer was fully subscribed.
State-owned insurance companies such as LIC and General Insurance Corp.(GIC) among others pumped close to Rs 700-750 crore into the share sale, said a banker in the know. Some public sector banks, along with one large private bank, invested about Rs 450-500 crore in the issue.
Private banks put in Rs 100 crore
The private sector lender put in close to Rs 100 crore, the banker said.
In addition to these state-owned firms, at least 12 foreign hedge funds such as Segantii Capital Management and Geosphere subscribed to the SAIL OFS, said a source. But, investment by some of these asset managers in the SAIL issue was part of a trading strategy involving shares and futures contracts.
Various hedge funds sold futures contracts of SAIL before the announcement of share sale. In the OFS on Friday, they subscribed to shares proportionately. These funds benefit when the price of the futures contract and the share price converge.
Unlike traditional foreign institutional investors (FIIs), who buy and hold for a while, these hedge funds are said to have invested in the issue with the intention of holding for a shorter period. Bankers said many long-established institutional investors were not keen to put money into the SAIL issue because of steep valuations."Operationally, SAIL is not the best opportunity that investors have as of now. Also, there was very little left on the table in terms of valuations," said a senior fund manager of a top mutual fund.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dabhol Will be Revived  Says NTPC CMDYou are here: Home Corporates
Dabhol Will be Revived, Says NTPC CMD
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 05, 2014 15:54 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Reiterating that revival of the beleaguered Dabhol was on the cards, NTPC today said all possible options are being explored for the same.
"Dabhol will be revived. How can we afford in a country like ours to leave one project to get killed. Many options are being considered and it has to be revived," NTPC chairman and managing director Arup Roy Choudhury told reporters.
The Dabhol or Ratnagiri Gas and Power Ltd (RGPPL), is currently not generating electricity.
On asked whether the impending gas pooling mechanism could be a solution, Mr Choudhury said, "It might be."
The plant was originally built by US major Enron Corp. It was mothballed after a billing dispute with Maharashtra and Enron's bankruptcy in 2001. RGPPL took over the plant in September 2005.
The company was set up to takeover and revive the assets of Dabhol Power Company Project.
GAIL and NTPC hold 32.9 per cent each in RGPPL while the Maharashtra government has a 17.4 per cent stake. Lenders IDBI Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Canara Bank hold the remaining 16.8 per cent.
The company still awaits greater clarity on the gas price front.
Meanwhile, country's largest power generator NTPC is also executing a 4,000 MW thermal plant in the newly created Telangana.
The company will construct this plant under the Telangana act.
"We are awaiting coal mine reallocation for setting up two 800 MW units at our Ramagundam plant. The other three units will come adjacent to this plant," Mr Choudhury said.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 15:53 (IST)

Sensex sheds 105 points; European shares rally ahead of US jobs dataSensex sheds 104 points; European shares rally ahead of US jobs data
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
Equity markets failed to hold on the early gains of the morning, with profit booking in the last half hour taking the Sensex down 104 points (0.37 per cent) to 28,458.10 and the Nifty down 26 points (0.3 per cent) to 8,538.30.
Mid-cap indices took a day-end beating, with the BSE index closing down 27 points (10,498.29) and the CNX mid-cap down nearly 69 points to 12,667.80.
All major sectoral indices also closed the last session of the week in the red, with FMCG and realty the only exceptions.
The biggest individual gainers on the NSE were DLF (up five per cent), Ambuja Cements (up over three per cent) and M&M (up 2.36 per cent). Dr Reddy’s (down 2.44 per cent), TechMahindra (2.42 per cent) and TCS (2.39 per cent) lost the most on Friday.
Volatility was pronounced on Friday, with the India Vix index down 3.98 per cent to 11.95.
Asian markets, on the other hand, ended the week on a high. Hang Seng moved up 170 points while the Shanghai Composite index was up nearly 40 points.
Global markets
European shares rebounded on Friday, recouping some of the sharp losses suffered in the previous session, as investors positioned for strong US jobs data which would underpin expectations about growth in the world's largest economy.
Asian shares drifted while the dollar marked time on Friday ahead of the key US jobs report later in the session that could help it retake ground lost to the euro overnight.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 per cent, on track for a weekly loss of 0.8 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei stock average slipped 0.2 per cent, but was on track for a weekly gain of more than 2 per cent.
Major Wall Street indexes inched down on Thursday, but the Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose to set a record intra-day high.
Brent crude slipped below $70 a barrel on Friday and was set for a second weekly fall, with Saudi Arabia cutting prices in another indication it would maintain output in an oversupplied market.
Gold was heading for its biggest weekly gain in nine months on Friday as a modest bounce in oil prices boosted the demand for the metal as an inflation-hedge, but investors were nervous ahead of a key US jobs report that could trigger sharp moves.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

SAIL offer over-subscribed; Government to raise at least Rs 1 500croreSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Government’s disinvestment drive got a tremendous start today, with steel major SAIL’s share sale being subscribed more than two times fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore.
The first disinvestment offering this fiscal saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government’s stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi’s listing norms.
Government has set a target of Rs 43,425 crore through selling stakes in various PSU firms during the current fiscal.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
“OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government,” a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
“Retail investors category was… hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS,” the statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL’s share sale has been set at Rs 83 apiece, which is 2.75 per cent less than yesterday’s closing price.
TAGS: SAIL
More from companies

EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal on Dec 19EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal in Dec 19 meeting
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 20:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Retirement fund body Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) will discuss a proposal to invest a part of its over Rs 6 lakh crore corpus in equities in the meeting of its trustees on December 19.
According to the agenda circulated for the 205th meeting of EPFO 's apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees (CBT), scheduled for December 19, the trustees would deliberate on investment challenges in the changed economic scenario.
We will deliberate on the issue in the next meeting, said Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya, who also heads the CBT.
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the shares of profit-making public sector blue chip companies.
During an informal meeting of the non-official EPFO trustees with the then Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar in October 2014, some trustees, particularly unionists, had suggested investment in shares of profit-making state-run firms.
Some other unionists, or employees' representatives, on board of the CBT had reservations about investment in equity in view of volatility in stock markets.
In CBT's last meeting in August, the proposed pattern of investment by the Finance Ministry was discussed and the board was not in favour of investing in equities and exchange traded funds (ETFs).
The CBT had decided to recommend making the pattern more flexible to further increase the percentage of investment in government securities.
The Finance Ministry has been pitching for investing a small portion of EPFO funds in the equity markets to maximise returns. In 2005, the ministry had allowed the retirement fund body to invest up to five per cent of its funds in equities and in 2008, it had enhanced the limit to 15 per cent.
A recent notification by the labour ministry allows the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in money market instruments, including units of mutual funds and equity-linked schemes regulated by capital market watchdog Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The EPFO has over 50 million subscribers across the country. It provided interest of 8.75 per cent on PF deposits in 2013-14. The EPFO trustees have recently decided to keep the rate at the same level during the current fiscal as well.

NASA launches new Orion spacecraft and new eraNASA launches new Orion spacecraft and new era
By AP | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.53PM IST
This high-stakes mission is meant to usher in a new era of human exploration leading ultimately to Mars
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
CAPE CANAVERAL: NASA's new Orion spacecraft is on its way to orbit.
The unmanned orbital test flight began Friday with a sunrise liftoff witnessed by thousands of NASA guests gathered at Cape Canaveral for the second morning in a row. The crowd size and excitement were reminiscent of the shuttle-flying days.
This high-stakes mission is meant to usher in a new era of human exploration leading ultimately to Mars .
Orion's debut will be brief, just 4 hours from launch to splashdown, with two orbits of Earth. But for the first time in 42 years, NASA is sending a spacecraft built for humans farther than a couple hundred miles from Earth. The previous time was the Apollo 17 moon shot.
And it's NASA's first new spaceship since the shuttle.
Thursday's launch attempt was foiled by wind and balky valves.

READ IN: Clicking Like EditionDon't forget to sign up for Read In and get all the political news you need delivered right to your inbox every morning! Sponsored by MetLife.
A1: The stories you need to read before your first conference call.
-- The House Appropriations Committee is planning to post the text of the "cromnibus" online by Monday, chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) said Thursday. He and Senate Appropriations Committee chair Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.) agreed to finish work on the final text of the bill by 6 p.m. today. Rogers hinted that the expiration of the continuing resolution funding the Department of Homeland Security could come in February, earlier than he initially proposed. ( The Hill )
-- House Republicans voted to block President Obama's executive action on immigration Thursday in a party-line 219-197 vote. The win gives House Speaker John Boehner the room to advance the cromnibus next week; some conservatives wanted Boehner to tie the immigration defunding measure to the larger spending bill. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she's open to backing the cromnibus. ( Washington Post ) House Republicans are planning border security legislation in 2015, an effort likely led by Homeland Security Committee chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas). ( Reuters )
-- President Obama will announce Ashton Carter as his nominee to become Defense Secretary at an event this morning at the White House. Carter, the former deputy secretary, is likely to sail through confirmation hearings. Carter is being advised by Jeremy Bash, the chief of staff to then-Secretary Leon Panetta. ( New York Times ) Here's something interesting: Carter reviewed chapters of Robert Gates' book "Duty," which was openly critical of the Obama White House.
-- Attorney General Eric Holder on Thursday unveiled a Justice Department report that accused the Cleveland police department of routinely using excessive and deadly force against citizens in violation of their constitutional rights. DoJ accused the department of engaging in a "pattern or practice" of unnecessary force. Justice and the city agreed to establish an independent monitor to oversee the department. ( Washington Post )
-- Premiums on silver health care plans available under the Affordable Care Act will rise an average of 5 percent in the 35 states relying on the federal health care exchange, HHS said Thursday. HHS said 91 percent of consumers will have a choice between three or more insurers this year, higher than the 74 percent who had similar options last year. ( Associated Press )
-- Front Pages: WaPo and NYT lead with DoJ's report on the Cleveland police department. LA Times leads with the declining rate of deportations (see below). WSJ reports on a failed U.S. hostage rescue mission in Yemen. USA Today leads with a look at the Iraqi military's battle against the Islamic State.
Facebook Friday: The buzziest stories online this week.
-- If it's Friday, it's time to check in with our friends from Facebook, who give us a peek behind the curtain at the political stories that generated the most buzz online in the last week. This week's top stories, in descending order (Note: These include all stories on a certain topic, not just one specific article):
-- 10. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio addresses the grand jury decision in Eric Garner case. 9. Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.) sworn in, becoming the first African American senator to be elected in the South since Reconstruction. 8. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson faces questions on Capitol Hill about administration's executive action on immigration. 7. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) announces re-election bid, but leaves door open for presidential run. 6. Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer not afraid of ISIS 'cowards' targeting him.
-- 5. Colleen Bell confirmed as U.S. Ambassador to Hungary (Paging Josh Earnest). 4. Five St. Louis Rams players protest grand jury decision in Ferguson case by putting their hands up during pre-game introduction. 3. Charles Barkley speaks out on Eric Garner case and Ferguson. 2. Grand jury decides not to indict NYPD officer in Eric Garner case. 1. Aide to Rep. Steven Fincher (R-Tenn.) quits following her comments about President Obama's daughters.
National Roundup: What's happening outside the Beltway.
-- WH'16: A top advisor to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) has begun contacting GOP strategists in New Hampshire ahead of a possible presidential bid. Both strategists were asked if they would be interested in speaking to Bush himself. ( Real Clear Politics ) Smart point from Scott Conroy: "This new outreach to top strategists there signals that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ... may not be able to wait much longer before soliciting top Granite State talent for his own expected campaign." Here's how Townhall covered Conroy's scoop: "Report: Prominent Ex-Governor Making Inquiries Into NH."
-- Louisiana: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) is barnstorming across the state in advance of Saturday's runoff election, making stops this week in Gretna, Hammond, Baton Rouge, New Roads, Vidalia, Monroe, Grambling, Minden, Shreveport and Lake Charles. Rep. Bill Cassidy (R), who leads by a wide margin, has been in Washington for votes this week. He returns to the campaign trail today. ( Baton Rouge Advocate ) Sorta tells you all you need to know about where the race stands. Polls close tomorrow at 8 p.m. Central, 9 p.m. Eastern.
-- Arizona: Officials will begin recounting ballots today in the race between Rep. Ron Barber (D) and retired Air Force officer Martha McSally (R). McSally leads by 161 votes out of 219,000 cast; state law requires both a machine count of all the results and a hand count of a few sample precincts to double-check the results. Barber's team still holds out hope for counting 133 rejected ballots that a federal judge ruled last week would be kept out of the count. If the recount nets Barber at least 29 votes, his side may appeal that ruling. ( Arizona Republic ) McSally, Barber and the outside players spent a combined $20 million on the race.
-- Indiana: U.S. District Court Judge Jane Magnus-Stinson ruled this week that an Indiana law requiring abortion clinics to meet strict medical guidelines violates the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution. The law, which also applies to facilities that can prescribe the birth control pill, treats those facilities differently from a physician's office. Magnus-Stinson has not issued a final ruling; a June 2015 trial is expected. ( Indianapolis Star )
-- Michigan: A proposal to award the state's 16 electoral votes proportionally based on the percentage a presidential candidate receives appears close to stalling in the waning days of the legislative session. The House Elections and Ethics Committee has held two hearings on the bill without an actual vote. There's a week left before the legislature recesses. ( MLive ) Under the proposal, President Obama would have won 12 electoral votes in 2012; Mitt Romney would have won the other 4.
-- Wisconsin: More momentum for right to work: Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald (R) said Thursday he wants to bring legislation to the floor soon after the legislature comes back into session in January. "I don't know how we get through the session without having this debate," Fitzgerald said. Fitzgerald raised the prospect of exempting operating engineers, pipe fitters and other trade unions from a right to work bill. ( Milwaukee Journal Sentinel )
DC Digest: What's on tap today in DC.
-- President Obama introduces Ash Carter as his new Defense chief this morning in the Roosevelt Room. Later, he meets King Abdullah of Jordan in the Oval Office, then he'll sit down with new governors of Alaska, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Texas. Next week, Obama heads to Nashville to speak on his executive actions on immigration. He'll be at Casa Azafran, an immigrant community center in Davidson County. ( Tennessean )
-- Vice President Biden hosts King Abdullah at the Naval Observatory this morning before heading in to work. He'll have lunch with the new governors in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building before heading out early to travel to New York City, where he's spending the night.
-- The House and Senate are gone. They're back Monday.
-- The summary of a Senate investigation into the CIA's use of torture during the Bush administration will be released next week after Senate Intelligence Committee chairwoman Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) reached an agreement with the Obama administration. Feinstein finalized the deal late Wednesday with White House chief of staff Denis McDonough at the Capitol. ( Roll Call )
B1: Business, politics and the business of politics
-- The number of immigrants deported from the U.S. fell 14 percent for the year ending Sept. 30, even as the number of people caught crossing the border grew. A draft ICE report shows immigration officials deported 315,943 people over the preceding year, the lowest one-year total since President Obama took office. About 102,000 immigrants who have lived in the U.S. for at least a few years were deported, mostly after being caught up in the criminal justice system. The so-called interior removals were down 23 percent from the year before. ( Los Angeles Times )
-- Analysts expect nonfarm payrolls grew by 230,000 jobs last month and that the unemployment rate will hold steady at 5.8 percent ahead of this morning's BLS report. The economy has added more than 200,000 jobs for 10 straight months, the longest such streak since 1994. ( Reuters )
-- The general public may not think the economy is headed in the right direction, but private equity professionals say the economy is headed in the right direction by a 75 percent to 25 percent margin, according to a new poll from the Private Equity Growth Capital Council. The biggest threats to the U.S. economy: Financial conditions in Europe, heightened volatility, rising interest rates and more political discord in D.C. Private equity pros see the most opportunity in Asia, and in the technology and the oil and gas industry. ( PEGCC , pdf)
-- Stock futures are higher this morning after a down day on Wall Street on Thursday. International markets are up across the globe today. ( CNN )
C1: The long reads you'll need to check out before tonight's cocktail party.
-- How long does it take for your Uber to arrive? An average of 3 minutes, 8 seconds in the outer boroughs of New York. Just 2 minutes 25 seconds in Manhattan. And 3 minutes 30 seconds in Washington, D.C., according to data the company released this week. ( Newsweek )
-- Jonathan Chait on upheaval at The New Republic: "Frank Foer isn’t leaving TNR because he wasn’t a good enough editor. He’s leaving because Chris Hughes is not a good enough owner. ... [T]he conflict between Hughes and most of the staff of The New Republic is not about technology. ... The problem, rather, is that Hughes and [CEO Guy] Vidra are afflicted with the belief that they can copy the formula that transformed the Huffington Post and BuzzFeed into economic successes, which is probably wrong, and that this formula can be applied to The New Republic, which is certainly wrong." ( New York Magazine )
C4: The comics page, fun things to read when you're bored at work
-- Shot: "Romney's Inner Circle Is Convinced He's Running." ( Business Insider ) Chaser: "Mitt Romney held meetings with donors in New York this week that left one attendee convinced he is running for president again in 2016." ( same article ) Well, good to know one anonymous source who attended "one of the meetings" is speaking for the entire inner circle these days.
Attn Matt Drudge: Things conservatives will get outraged by today.
-- President Obama is setting a modern record for the number of political appointees he nominates to serve as U.S. ambassadors. Forty-one percent of Obama's ambassadorial nominees during his second term have been political, according to the American Foreign Service Association, eclipsing Ronald Reagan's 38 percent. Eight of the 12 nominees waiting for confirmation are political. ( Roll Call ) This is great: Mark Gilbert, the nominee to serve as envoy to New Zealand, would be the first U.S. Ambassador to have played Major League Baseball. Now an investment banker, Gilbert played seven games with the Chicago White Sox in 1985.
Attn HuffPo: What outrages liberals today
-- Sixteen major cruise lines dumped a combined one billion gallons of sewage into the ocean in 2014, according to a new Friends of the Earth report. Over 40 percent of the 167 ships in operation use water treatment technology that's more than 35 years old, which virtually guarantees waste and bacterial contamination. ( ThinkProgress )
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.

EPF to consider equity investment proposal on Dec 19EPF to consider equity investment proposal on Dec 19
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Retirement fund body EPFO will discuss a proposal to invest a part of its over Rs 6 lakh crore corpus in equities in the meeting of its trustees on December 19.
“We will deliberate on the issue in the next meeting,” said Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya, who also heads EPFO’s apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees (CBT).
According to the agenda circulated for the 205th meeting of the CBT scheduled for December 19, the trustees would deliberate on investment challenges in the changed economic scenario.
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the equity of profit-making public sector blue chip companies.
During an informal meeting of the non-official EPFO trustees with the then Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar in October this year some trustees, particularly unionists, had suggested investment in shares of profit-making public sector firms.
Some other unionists, or employees’ representatives, on board of the CBT had reservations about investment in equity in view of volatility in stock markets.
In last meeting of the CBT held in August, the proposed pattern of investment by the finance ministry was discussed and the board was not in favour of investing in equities and exchange traded funds (ETFs).
The finance ministry has been pitching for investing a small portion of EPFO funds in the equity markets to maximise returns.
The Finance Ministry had allowed the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in equities in 2005 and enhanced the limit to 15 per cent in 2008.
A recent notification by the labour ministry allows the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in money market instruments, including units of mutual funds and equity—linked schemes regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Mines Ministry to reconsider all mineral concession proposalsMines Ministry to reconsider all mineral concession proposals
Anindita Dey | Mumbai Dec 05, 2014 05:38 PM IST
The Ministry of Mines has clarified that all pending mineral concession proposals including the proposals under process will be dealt afresh. This will be done prior to the issue of fresh guidelines for clearance of mineral concession proposals, the ministry said.
According to officials, state governments have been directed to submit these proposals for the clearance of the central government after vetting these proposals under the new checklist.
Status of such proposals and authenticity of prior approval by the central government will have to be cross checked in tally with the new guidelines and only then submitted to the centre.
The Ministry one month back issued fresh guidelines for giving mineral concession. Under these guidelines, the state government has to clear the mining leases within a period of three to six months under the Mineral Concession Rule 1960.
The fresh guidelines for submission of Mineral Concession Proposals have been issued under section 5(1) of Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation (MMDR) Act, 1957 following a series of Supreme Court judgements on the mining industry and in super cession of all its previous instructions and guidelines.
These guidelines will be accepted for all minerals except for minor minerals like building stones, gravel, ordinary clay, and ordinary sand other than sand used for prescribed purposes.
As per the new guidelines, the state will have to take prior permission or approval from the Centre for grant of mining leases and is supposed to ensure that the mining lease is granted in the interest of public.
“These Supreme Court pronouncements require the state action to be unbiased, without favoritism or nepotism, and to be in pursuit of promotion of healthy competition and equitable treatment; and that it should conform to the norms which are rational, informed with reasons and guided by public interest,” the guidelines read.
“It has also been held by the Apex court that if a policy or law is patently unfair to the extent that it falls foul of the fairness requirement of Article 14 of the Constitution, the Court would not hesitate in striking it down,” the guidelines further stipulate.
The Union Mines Ministry has said that prospecting licenses or mining licenses have to be signed within a period of three or six months from the date of the communication of the order for grant of lease.
After prior approval of the central government is obtained for grant of a mining lease, the state governments should issue grant order/Letter of Intent to the applicant, without delay, preferably within one month of receipt of prior Centre’s approval.
The objective while there should not be delay in issuing mineral concession licenses and yet licenses should not be granted in violation of fair play and transparency of process, said officials.

Dawn of Orion: NASA Launch Opens New Era in SpaceIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

ICICI Bank sells Russian subsidiary to SovcombankICICI Bank sells Russian subsidiary to Sovcombank
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, December 5:  
The board of country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank on Friday approved sale of the bank’s shareholding in its Russian subsidiary ICICI Bank Eurasia, to a third party Sovcombank.
“ICICI Bank Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on December 05, 2014, approved a proposal for the sale of ICICI Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Bank Eurasia Limited Liability Company (IBEL), a non-material wholly-owned banking subsidiary in Russia, to Sovcombank, an unrelated third party Russian bank,” ICICI Bank said in a release to the Bombay Stock Exchange.
At September 30, 2014, ICICI Bank Eurasia had total assets of Russian Ruble (RUB) 4.5 billion (about Rs 500 crore) and paid-up equity capital of RUB 1.6 billion (about Rs 185 crore). Its profit after tax in the six months ended September 30, 2014 was RUB 28 million (Rs 3.2 crore).
ICICI Bank Eurasia accounted for less than 0.1 per cent of ICICI Bank’s consolidated total assets at that date and consolidated profit after tax for the period, the BSE release said.
The sale is subject to execution of definitive agreements and regulatory approvals. The purchase price will be determined on the transaction completion date based on the financial statements of IBEL at that date. The transaction is expected to conclude by the end of the financial year.
Shares of ICICI bank ended at Rs 359.45 per share, weaker by Rs 2.40 (0.66 per cent) over the previous close on BSE.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Punjab eye surgery botch-up: Lack of vision hurts healthcare in Indiaprint
Sixteen people were blinded from severe infection after undergoing cataract surgeries at a free camp in Ghuman village in Punjab’s Gurdaspur district.
They were among 62 people, almost all over 65 years, who got their cataracts removed at a charitable camp on November 4.
The use of contaminated equipment is suspected to be the cause of these avoidable blindings, which once again bring focus on medical negligence and poor infection control.
A patient who lost her eyesight after undergoing surgery in the eye camp. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
There are 45 million blind persons in the world, of which 12 millions live in India. In India, 80-90% of the blindness is curable or preventable.
Globally, and in India, cataract is the leading cause of blindness. According to the World Health Organisation, cataract is the leading cause of blindness (62.6%) followed by uncorrected refractive errors (19.7%); corneal blindness (0.90%), glaucoma (5.8%), among others.
The cataract tragedy comes close in the heels of 13 women dying after getting sterilized at a camp at a charitable hospital in Chhattisgarh.
Though the administration blamed the deaths on the antibiotics prescribed, which were found to be laced with rat poison, several rules were flouted. For one, 83 surgeries were done within 5 hours in extremely unsanitary conditions.
In Punjab, a criminal investigation was filed against the surgeons and the NGO Guru Nanak Foundation for setting up the camp without permission from the district administration.
Under the National Programme to Control Blindness, camps can be set up by NGOs only in partnership with District Blindness Control Society with consent from the district commissioner and the chief medical officer is a must. In Punjab, the district authorities were not informed.
The patients have now been admitted in Dr Ram Lal Eye and ENT Hospital at Majitha Road in Amritsar. (Sameer Sehgal/HT Photo)
Botching up a simple surgery such as cataract, which is a daycare surgery with an infection rate of 0.03% to 0.1% in India, is extremely rare.
“Even in cases of infection, injecting antibiotics in the eye’s vitreous cavity located behind the lens and in front of the retina is all that’s needed to control it,” said one of India’s foremost experts on cataract, Dr Jeevan S. Titliyal, a professor at R P Centre of Ophthalmic Sciences at All India Institute of Medical Sciences.
Eye infection is painful and very visible, with patients experiencing throbbing pain, watering, decrease is vision, swelling and redness.
“A follow-up is done the next day and patients are told to report any eye-related problem over the next two months,” said Dr Titliyal. “A follow-up two to four weeks after the surgery is a must.”
No follow-ups were done and the Amritsar district administration came to know about the shocking incident on Wednesday when the patients were brought to deputy commissioner Ravi Bhagat by members of the Kisan Sangharash Samiti.
Bhagat referred the patients to the Government Medical College and Hospital in Amritsar, where tests by eye specialists revealed that all 15 had lost their vision due to a severe post-operation infection.

Next stop Mars: Nasa launches new Orion spacecraft and new eraprint
The Mobile Service Tower rolls back from the Delta IV Heavy with the Orion spacecraft on launch pad 37B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida
Nasa's new Orion spacecraft streaked toward orbit Friday on a high-stakes test flight meant to usher in a new era of human exploration leading ultimately to Mars.
The unmanned orbital journey began with a sunrise liftoff witnessed by thousands of Nasa guests eager to watch what the agency called "history in the making."
"The star of the day is Orion," said Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden Jr., back for the second morning in a row. He called it "Day One of the Mars era."
Orion's debut will be brief - just 4½ hours from launch to splashdown, with two orbits of Earth. But for the first time in 42 years, Nasa is sending a spacecraft built for humans farther than a couple hundred miles from Earth. The previous time was the Apollo 17 moon shot.
And it's Nasa's first new vehicle for space travel since the shuttle.
Friday's flight test brings Nasa "one step closer" to putting humans aboard Orion, Bolden said just before liftoff.
Sluggish rocket valves and wind halted Thursday's launch attempt. Everything went Nasa's way Friday, and the Delta IV rocket blasted off with Orion as dawn broke.
Nasa was aiming for a peak altitude of 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometers)on Orion's second lap around the planet, in order to give the capsule the necessary momentum for a scorchingly high-speed re-entry over the Pacific. Engineers want to see how the heat shield - the largest of its kind ever built - holds up when Orion comes back through the atmosphere traveling 20,000 mph (32,200 kph)and enduring 4,000 degrees (2,200 Celsius).
The atmosphere at Kennedy Space Center was reminiscent of the shuttle-flying days. After more than three years since the last shuttle flight, Nasa reveled in all the attention.
Roads appeared to be less jammed before dawn for try two, and Nasa was uncertain how many of the estimated 27,000 invited guests returned. Nonetheless, the press site remained jammed, the hotels packed and the excitement level high. "It's a big day for the world, for people who know and like space," Bolden said, observing the crowds.
In Houston, Nasa's Mission Control took over the entire operation once Orion was aloft. The flight program was loaded into Orion's computers well in advance, allowing the spacecraft to fly essentially on autopilot. Flight controllers - all shuttle veterans - could intervene in the event of an emergency breakdown.
And in the Pacific off the Mexican Baja coast, Navy ships waited for Orion's return.
The Delta IV Heavy rocket with the Orion spacecraft lifts off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (Reuters/Steve Nesius)
The spacecraft is rigged with 1,200 sensors to gauge everything from heat to vibration to radiation. At 11 feet (3.4 meters) tall with a 16.5-foot (5-meter) base, Orion is bigger than the old-time Apollo capsules and, obviously, more advanced.
Nasa deliberately kept astronauts off this first Orion.
Managers want to test the riskiest parts of the spacecraft - the heat shield, parachutes, various jettisoning components - before committing to a crew. In addition, on-board computers were going to endure the high-radiation Van Allen belts; engineers wondered whether they might falter.
Lockheed Martin Corp. already has begun work on a second Orion, and plans to eventually build a fleet of the capsules. The earliest that astronauts might fly on an Orion is 2021. An asteroid redirected to lunar orbit is intended for the first stop in the 2020s, followed by Mars in the 2030s.
The company handled the $370 million test flight for Nasa from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, opting for the Delta IV rocket this time given its heft. It's the most powerful unmanned rocket in the US right now. The entire rocket and capsule, topped by a launch abort tower, stretched 242 feet and weighed 1.6 million pounds - an "incredible monster," according to Bolden.
To push Orion farther out on future flights, Nasa is developing a megarocket known as Space Launch System or SLS. The first Orion-SLS combo will fly around 2018, again without a crew to shake out the rocket.
Nasa's last trip beyond low-Earth orbit in a vessel built for people was the three-man Apollo 17 in December 1972. Orion will be capable of carrying four astronauts on long hauls and as many as six on three-week hikes.
Dozens of astronauts, present and past, gathered at Kennedy for the historic send-off. One of them - Bolden - now leads Nasa.
He called Mars "the ultimate destination of this generation," but said his three young granddaughters think otherwise, telling him, "Don't get hung up on Mars because there are other places to go once we get there."

Teen Retailer dELIA*s to Liquidate OperationsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

SpiceJet scales down fleet again  drops network restoration planSpiceJet scales down fleet again, drops network restoration plan
BS Reporters & Reuters | Mumbai/Delhi Dec 05, 2014 07:08 PM IST
In spite of a deepening crisis, SpiceJet has said it will operate 22-24 Boeing 737 planes till middle of next year and will not take aircraft on short term lease as announced fifteen days ago.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," the airline's chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters on Friday. The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
The airline began shrinking its fleet last month and cut down 40 flights. However barely a fortnight ago Kapoor had said the airline would grow its Boeing 737 fleet to 35 by December end. The airline was operating 26 out of its 28 Boeing planes, he had said.
SpiceJet operates a mix fleet of Boeing 737s and 15 Bombardier Q400s and the latter are used on regional routes.
"The fleet size should go up to 31 by the end of the month and to 35 aircraft by December-end." Once fresh funds come in, the Boeing 737 fleet will see 10-15 additions, most likely by the end of 2015,'' Kapoor had said.
Asked about the change in plans Kapoor said plans were evolving. "Earlier we had considered short-term leases to get fleet back to original size but our latest thinking is to operate a smaller Boeing fleet until atleast mid-next year,'' SpiceJet spokesperson said.
The airline maintains that it is scaling down fleet to control costs and consolidate its operations. The airline is reported to have told the government that it expects investor in six weeks and has repeatedly denied lessors are taking back its planes.
Kapoor also said that the Airports Authority of India had reinstated its credit facility after the airline resolved all outstanding issues with the regulatory body.
However the recent developments surrounding the airline has got the government and Directorate General of Civil Aviation into action. The DGCA is monitoring SpiceJet operations daily.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather ... not only the public sector, the private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned, " civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju remarked responding to a media query on the airline.
Kapoor had met ministry official in November seeking a six weeks moratorium on payments to be made to the Airports Authority of India (AAI) last month. Ministry sources informed that AAI has not been too forthcoming on granting a moratorium on payments to SpiceJet fearing a Kingfisher like situation but is now examining possibility to grant a week's moratorium to SpiceJet. The DGCA too is monitoring airline's operations on a daily basis, sources said.
eom

2002 Pranjit riots: Court rejects SIT plea seeking to recall BritishnationalWritten by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:44 pm
A Himmatnagar district court on Thursday rejected an application of the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) seeking permission to recall the complainant and the key witness, Imram Dawood, in the Prantij riot case of 2002 in which British nationals were killed.
The SIT, probing the case, had sought permission to record a fresh statement of Dawood after it found that the transcription made from his earlier deposition recorded through video conferencing from London in 2010 was not accurate. During court proceedings last year, it was found that the transcript was not properly made due to his “peculiar accent”.
A court order of November 2013 states, “.it appeared that due to the peculiar accent of the PW-68 (Dawood) in some places, proper words are not correctly transcribed in the transcript, which may change the whole tenor of the deposition recorded through video conference from London.”
“The court rejected our application saying at the time of deposition nobody objected and it was found to be satisfactory and the accused persons accepted the transcript. The court has accepted the first transcript prepared by the Forensic Laboratory (Gandhinagar),” said special public prosecutor of SIT R C Kodekar. In 2002, Dawood, a UK national, had visited India for the first time, along with his UK-based uncles, Saeed Dawood, Shakeel Dawood and Mohammed Aswat. On February 28, a day after Sabarmati Express train carnage incident, they were returning to their native village Lajpur, near Navsari in south Gujarat, when a mob attacked them near Prantij highway.
Saeed, Shakeel and Aswat Nallabhai, and their driver Yusuf Sulaiman were burnt to death on the National Highway-8 by the mob while Dawood suffered injuries and was saved by the patrolling police team.
Britain has been pushing for speedy justice in this case, with the latest being British foreign secretary William Hague raising the issue before Union Minister for External Affairs Sushma Swaraj during his visit to India in July. On the other hand, the Supreme Court in August had directed the court to wrap up the case in three months and the deadline ended on November 25. The court has sought an extension to complete the proceedings.
Two former UK diplomats also testified through video conferences, including former Deputy British High Commissioners Ian Reakes and Howard Parkinson. Following Dawood’s application, the Himmatnagar court examined the duo. It was Reakes who was present with the investigating officer during the collection of evidence.

In HC  govt contradicts CAG report: No manual scavenging in the state after2007Written by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:40 pm
The Gujarat Government has filed an affidavit in the Gujarat High Court saying no manual scavenging was being done in the state, which contradicts the report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted last month. The government’s affidavit was filed on November 27 before a court hearing a suo motu petition of 2003, which said that no manual scavenging was reported in the state after 2007.
J J Khadia, under-secretary, Social Justice and Empowerment department, who filed the affidavit on behalf of the state, ignores the CAG report tabled in Gujarat Assembly weeks before the affidavit that quotes census data of 2011 to note that 1,402 cases of manual scavenging were reported in the state.
The affidavit cites surveys by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) and Tata Institute of Social Science (TISS), Bombay. The TISS survey of 2006, annexed to the affidavit, said that 2,456 households of scavengers were identified and a total of 4,333 individuals were found to be working as manual scavengers. But the government has also claimed it has taken corrective measures to abolish the practice since these surveys. The government also cites a more recent survey by the director of municipalities that reiterates that scavenging was down to zero by January 1, 2014.
“…based on the said study (by TISS), the state government had taken steps in accordance with the policies prevailing at the given point of time, in the interest of society and especially in the interest of such scavengers and their family members,” Khadia has stated in the affidavit.
He has said that Gujarat Safai Kamdar Vikas Nigam, a government undertaking, implemented an employment scheme for rehabilitation of manual scavengers, as introduced by the Central government with effect from January 2007.
The affidavit says that the exercise of collecting independent data was also carried out and “after the preparation of the list of erstwhile manual scavengers in the month of February 2008, it was decided to extend the benefits of self-employment scheme for rehabilitation of manual scavengers.” The government assigned Hardicon Limited the task for rehabilitating 4,209 eligible beneficiaries who were reportedly disbursed benefits amounting to Rs 12.15 crore.
Denying the allegations of manual scavenging as levelled in the petition filed by a voluntary organisation, Lok Adhikar Sangh, in 2003, the affidavit claims, “During the pendency of the petition, the new Act – Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavenging and their Rehabilitation Act, 2013 – has come into force, wherein, the whole issue is considered…”
“…Even prior to the Act, in 2013, a survey was carried out by the state authorities and its departments in compliance of directives issued by the central government. I say and submit that as far as the most recent report dated January 1, 2014 of director of municipalities, there is no manual scavenging being done in the state of Gujarat in municipal areas,” the affidavit claims.
It says that under the 2013 Act, the formation of various committees has already been initiated. A committee was formed by government resolution on October 10, 2014 by continued…

Militants frustrated by high voter turnout in J&K: RajnathSinghBy: Press Trust of India | Pargwal Border (jammu) |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:27 pm
Militants want to create fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir as they are frustrated by the high voter turnout in the ongoing assembly elections, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said and hit out at Pakistan for abetting terror acts.
Singh campaigned for party candidates and addressed three public rallies in Darhal and Thanamandi in Rajouri district and Pargwal border belt of Jammu district.
“Militants are frustrated due to the overwhelming public support to BJP in ongoing elections and high voter turnout of
71-72 percent which they never had thought of,” he told reporters in Jammu.
Terming Friday’s attacks in Kashmir as most unfortunate, Singh said, “These (incidents) are going on for a long time.”
He said the militants crossed from across the border and fired at the jawans and security men at a camp. “They killed some jawans but our forces were successful in giving them a befitting reply.”
Militants stormed an Army camp in Uri in Baramulla district, killing 11 security personnel, including a Lt Col, and followed it up with multiple attacks in Srinagar, Tral and Shopian.
Hitting out at Pakistan, he said, “Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destructions here.”
The minister maintained that Pakistan soil is being used to aid and abet terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir.
“Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pak soil, but they always keep denying the fact”, he said.
He asserted that Pakistan should also stop ceasefire violations and develop a heart-to-heart relationship with India.
“This is our desire. We want a good relationship with our neighbours,” Singh said and referred to former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee’s statement that friends can be changed but not neighbours.

Niranjan Jyoti is from a village  forgive her: PM Modi tells Lok SabhaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

http://usat.ly/1CMBDf0Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high
November's job gains were the highest since January 2012.
Post to Facebook
Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high November's job gains were the highest since January 2012. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMxms6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
163
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 1:28 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Video Keywords president Obama's great depression USA today there're couple United States Obama's
Senior editor Owen Ullmann talks about the November jobs report announcing 321,000 added jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years. (Money, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  I'm Natalie the Bellagio with USA today here it talk
00:05  about the jobs report that came out this morning and it's
00:08  pretty amazing. I'm with senior editor Alex Altman and I can
00:11  tell us just what makes this so amazing. Well it was
00:15  a huge number of new jobs created 321000. That's the most
00:21  in nearly three years for months. And over ten months now
00:25  more than 200000 jobs Natalie that's the the longest streak in
00:31  thirty years so it's really quite quite amazing. So what does
00:34  that mean if big picture wise. Well. Right now we're on
00:39  track to have the largest job growth every year. In about
00:44  fifteen years. And it really means that the economy is starting
00:49  to grow on all cylinders after. Coming off a very deep
00:54  downturn. This is looking like the United States is really leading
00:58  the world in job growth. And an economic expansion. So that
01:03  sounds like pretty great news why you. Our president Obama's approval
01:07  rating so low a piece of behind this. Yeah you would
01:11  think that with this strong economic news that this would benefit
01:14  the president I think there're couple reasons that Natalie. One of
01:18  them is don't forget. The economy was really really weak the
01:22  worst economy since the great depression and people are still traumatize
01:26  them they're still kinda scarred from that it takes a long
01:29  time. For perceptions to change you know for people to say
01:33  hey things are really good again. The other factor is that
01:36  even though a lot of jobs are being created. Wages for
01:40  those who are working in continue to be pretty stagnant. Fact
01:44  I think there are only up about 2% for the past
01:47  year. So even though people are working and you know making
01:50  some money they don't feel they're really getting ahead in so
01:53  I think that kinda helps put a damper. On the good
01:57  economic news today. Well thank you so much for coming in
02:00  explaining all that sure and ask for more news go to
02:03  money dot USA today dot com.
Job growth has strengthened for most of this year.
(Photo: Lynne Sladky, AP)
2435 CONNECT 296 TWEET 98 LINKEDIN 163 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The labor market surged in November as employers added 321,000 jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years, the Labor Department said Friday.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at 5.8%.
Economists surveyed by Action Economics had estimated that 225,000 jobs were added last month.
The report, released at 8:30 a.m. ET, drove up stocks as the markets opened Friday.
Want to know where you should put your money in 2015? Follow #marketoutlook15 RIGHT NOW to find out. pic.twitter.com/YPcgoIobsk
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 5, 2014
Businesses added 314,000 jobs, powered by broad-based gains in professional and business services, retail, health care and manufacturing. Federal, state and local governments added 7,000.
The Labor Department revised up job gains for September and October up by a total 44,000. September's count was revised to 271,000 from 256,000 and October's to 243,000 from 214,000.
Jobs added last month were the most since January 2012 and only the second time this year that one-month gains exceeded 300,000.
Some other labor market indicators were also positive. The average work week rose to 34.6 hours from 34.5 hours, which could mean continued strong hiring lies ahead.
And the number of Americans out of work at least six months fell by 101,000 to 2.8 million.
But while wage growth ticked up, it remained modest. Hourly earnings rose nine cents to $24.66 and wages are up 2.1% the past year, slightly higher than in October but in line with the modest increases so far in the 5-year-old recovery.
First Take: Watch wage growth, not job gains
Economists had expected wage gains to accelerate the second half of the year.
Still, economist Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics said in a research note that the strong monthly payroll increase bolsters the firm's view that the Federal Reserve will begin to raise interest rates as early as March -- sooner than the midyear time frame many economists anticipate -- to head off higher inflation.
"Labor market conditions are improving at breakneck speed," Ashworth said.
Equally impressive is that nearly every major industry is ramping up hiring. " Everybody seems to be on the hiring bandwagon," says economist Joel Naroff of Naroff Economic Advisors.
Last month, professional and business services added 86,000 jobs. Retailers added 50,000; health care, 37,000; and leisure and hospitality, 32,000.
Middle-wage sectors are also growing solidly. Manufacturers added 28,000 jobs and construction, 20,000.
Other employment indicators generally have been positive lately, though some have suggested that payroll growth may be slowing along with the economy in the current quarter after rapid gains in the spring and summer. Initial claims for unemployment benefits, a good measure of layoffs, are at pre-recession levels, though the four-week average rose recently.
Labor market gains have been consistently strong this year despite a mixed economy, averaging almost 241,000 additional jobs a month, up from 194,000 in 2013. Employers have added at least 200,000 jobs for 10 straight months, the best stretch since the mid-1990.
The economy has been more volatile. Many analysts project growth of 2.4% annual rate in the current quarter after growing nearly 4% or more in the previous two quarters.
2435 CONNECT 296 TWEET 98 LINKEDIN 163 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CMxms6
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Aurobindo Pharma completes USD 132.5 mn Natrol acquisitionDec 05, 2014, 07.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Aurobindo Pharma completes USD 132.5 mn Natrol acquisition
The company had emerged as the highest bidder to acquire assets of Natrol under the auction process by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aurobindo Pharma completes USD 132.5 mn Natrol acquisition
The company had emerged as the highest bidder to acquire assets of Natrol under the auction process by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
Post your opinion here
 
Drug firm  Aurobindo Pharma has completed the acquisition of assets of nutritional supplement maker Natrol Inc and its other affiliate entities for USD 132.5 million (over Rs 810 crore).
Aurobindo Pharma acquired "manufacturing assets, personnel, commercial infrastructure including the well established nutraceuticals brands in USA of Natrol along with an agreement to take on certain liabilities, with a bid of USD 132.5 million", the company said in a statement.
The company had emerged as the highest bidder to acquire assets of Natrol under the auction process by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
"The assets have been acquired under a wholly owned subsidiary 'Nature Acquisition LLC' and since changed to 'Natrol LLC'. The final terms of acquisition are the same as originally envisaged during announcement made earlier," the statement said.
"Natrol comes with certain well established brands and an extensive distribution network consisting of retail pharmacy chains and speciality health food stores, to help us tactically position ourselves in the US nutraceuticals space and offer an effective growth strategy to expand market penetration going forward," Aurobindo Pharma Managing Director N Govindarajan said.
"We look forward to working with the Aurobindo team to further expand our over-the-counter product portfolio and our reach with the financial support of strong owners," Natrol CEO Mesrop Khoudagoulian said.
Shares of Aurobindo Pharma today closed at Rs 1,123.60 on BSE, down 0.68 percent from previous close.
Aurobindo Pharm stock price
On December 10, 2014, Aurobindo Pharma closed at Rs 1096.75, down Rs 34.55, or 3.05 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1171.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 310.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 56.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.56. The latest book value of the company is Rs 137.66 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.97.
RELATED NEWS

Jay Rockefeller really hates the permanent campaignBy Jaime Fuller December 5 Follow @j_fuller
This video frame grab provided by C-SPAN2 shows Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.) giving his farewell to the Senate on Dec. 4 on the Senate floor. (C-SPAN2 via AP)
On Thursday afternoon, Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.) gave his final speech on the Senate floor after three decades of representing West Virginia. One thing he made clear — he hates the permanent campaign, and believes it's making work in the Senate impossible. His last message to his colleagues? If you don't start compromising and listening, you're going to continue doing what you guys excel at now. Nothing.
"I come to you today with a spirit of reflection and optimism about our future," he began. "I'm also compelled to have an honest assessment of where we are as a body, of the promise of what we can achieve if we don't shy away from compromise, and what we can't achieve when we refuse to compromise."
His speech repeatedly mentioned the fact that the Senate had proved it could accomplish "nothing" without compromise, and he encouraged the legislative body to start listening, despite the needs of the perpetual campaign. "Our North Star," he said, "must always be the real needs of the people we serve."
At the end, he spoke fondly of his colleagues, saying he respected and loved their ability to work despite constant campaigning. He got emotional when discussing his family and staff.
And lastly, he thanked West Virginia. "I am forever inspired by you," he said. "And I am forever transformed by you."
Here is a highlight reel.
After five terms representing West Virginia, Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D), gave his final address to his Senate colleagues on Thursday. (C-SPAN)

The resurgence of Arab militariesComments
By Robert Springborg December 5
A supporter of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi holds a poster as an army helicopter patrols over Tahrir Square in Cairo on Nov 28. (Amr Nabil/AP Photo)
The Arab upheavals and reactions to them have resulted in a profound militarization of the Arab world. In the republics, this has taken the form of remilitarizing Egypt, further entrenching the power of Algeria’s military and possibly preparing the Tunisian military for an unaccustomed role in the future. In the other republics, regime supporting militaries have been pitted against militias emerging from protest movements, with both sides attracting external support. In the monarchies, ruling families have bolstered their militaries by increasing their capabilities and by roping them together in collective commands. They have done so primarily to confront and put down further upheavals, wherever in the Arab world they might occur, but probably also as part of intensifying intrafamily power struggles. Behind this militarization is the U.S. presence in various forms, including as primary supplier and trainer, operator of autonomous bases and orchestrator of counter terrorist campaigns.
This is a novel and dangerous development for the Arab world, and not simply business as usual. Militaries that in the past were either parade ground forces, such as those in Tunisia or several Gulf Cooperation Council states, or that had through peace lost their raison d’être, such as in Egypt, are being reinvigorated not only to combat internal threats, but as possible expeditionary forces to confront “terror” and instability in neighboring countries. While most of the attention has thus far been paid to the obvious new political face of the military in republics such as Egypt, the implications in the monarchies of the Gulf might actually be more consequential.
In the republics, men with guns are most obviously on the march. In Egypt, now led by the former field marshal, President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, the military was strong enough on its own to beat back forces unleashed by the Arab Spring. The military base remains too narrow upon which to build a new regime, however. Having defeated the Muslim Brotherhood and sidelined revolutionaries, Sisi must selectively invite into his winning coalition one of those state and non-state actors who will be of political, economic and administrative use. The candidates include crony capitalists, the broader bourgeoisie, other remnants of the Hosni Mubarak regime, Islamists other than the Brotherhood, traditional and tribal notables, unionists, etc. This wide range of options attests to the remarkable strength of the military and profound weakness of other actors. Key to burnishing its image has been distancing itself from its primary external supporter, the United States, against which it has positioned itself as the embodiment of a new Nasserism. The contradictions in this posturing, including real dependence on both the United States and the Saudis, will presumably become more evident to Egyptians as time passes. At present, however, the general willingness to gloss over such contradictions attests to the profound imbalance between the military and all civilian actors, and to the desperate hope for better lives, which only the strong man from the military is thought capable of delivering.
In Tunisia the military has essentially guarded the political arena in which contesting forces have vied for power, while simultaneously confronting various jihadist elements. The Tunisian military, which served as the midwife of the “revolution,” enjoys much better status now than under former presidents Habib Bourguiba or Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali. In Algeria there was no Arab Spring to challenge indirect military rule, so the military has lain low, undermining other competitors for power within the state. The Algerian military, the most robust of those in these other republics despite its internal divisions, has reasserted its centrality to power at the expense of the Ministry of Interior, the presidency, and even its very own Department of Intelligence and Security (DRS), over which the generals have tightened their control. The fate of the shadowy forces allied to the military that formed shock troops against Islamist rebels during the civil war is unknown, but presumably they continue to exist and could be mobilized again if necessary.
In the other republics militaries have fragmented. In these other republics, whose states in general and militaries in particular have traditionally been less institutionalized than in those of Egypt and Tunisia, the resurgence of coercive power has been manifested to a greater extent in militias. Remnants of the Libyan military, an institution subordinated by Moammar Gaddafi to the autonomous kataib (battalions) commanded either by his sons or tribal allies, then further marginalized by the victorious militias, are now trying to stage a comeback under Gen. Khalifa Hifter or with his allied militias based in Zintan. This reconstituted military-militia, however, is facing stiff opposition from Ansar al-Sharia and other tribally and regionally based militias that have prospered in the vacuum of state authority, key of which are those centered in Misrata.
Militaries and militias in pre- and post-Arab Springs in Syria and Yemen are similar to those in Libya. In both countries the national military was cleaved into militias led by presidential allies tied to him by blood, tribe or sect. Civil war in Syria elevated the role of the militias most closely connected to President Bashar al-Assad, while marginalizing the broader military whose role has been assumed by a newly created National Defense Force trained by Iran, Hezbollah fighters and mercenaries. The Yemeni military, through which former president Ali Abdullah Saleh exercised his tribally based power, supplemented by tribal militias, appears to be the last remaining sovereign institution standing between continued territorial integrity and a failed state, as frantic U.S. efforts to shore it up attest. In reality, however, after the collapse of Gen. Ali Mohsen’s forces in September, the only remaining hard core of that military is the division commanded by Saleh’s son Ahmad, as militias associated with the Islamist Islah movement are becoming the principal armed forces of northern Sunnis. The rising strength of militias connected to the Zaidi Houthis’ Ansar Allah movement in the North and Hirak secessionists in the South, to say nothing of various jihadi forces of which the strongest is al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, and of growing tactical alliances between these various challengers, suggest that like the Syrian military, the Yemeni one will be insufficiently institutionalized to survive post Arab Spring challenges in a unified, coherent form.
The Iraqi military, rebuilt on the foundations of the one disbanded by then-U.S. Pro-Consul Paul Bremer, seemed to be a rather sturdier structure than the Syrian or Yemeni militaries, primarily because it was the main focus of U.S. state-building efforts, and hence the most important vehicle through which former prime minister Nouri al-Maliki could impose his control on the country. The collapse of much of that military when confronted by Sunni tribal militias and those of the Islamic State group this spring and summer, however, revealed how fragile are the foundations a sectarianized state provides for its national military. Maliki and his successor, Haider al-Abadi, like their Syrian and Yemeni counterparts, were forced to turn increasingly to loyalist Shiite militias in the increasingly Hobbesian conflict in their country.
In the monarchies, by contrast, power has been held by ruling families, not militaries or militias. At first glance royal power appears largely undisturbed by neighboring revolutions. This view, however, may be myopic. There are indications of what could be a historic power shift from royals to officers, possibly analogous to that which occurred some two to three generations ago in most of the republics. Frightened by Arab upheavals, royals have bolstered their militaries, not only enlarging them, in some cases via conscription, but also by providing them with yet more hardware, and by placing greater emphasis on the security dimension of their domestic and foreign policies. The focus on counter terrorism, with lines being drawn in the sand between patriots and jihadis, real and imagined, raises political stakes and tensions while creating conditions associated with the realization of Max Weber’s “paradox of the sultan,” whereby a ruler’s growing dependence on the forces of coercion ultimately results in his subordination to them.
Arab monarchial coup-proofing strategies have included a mix of placing members of ruling families in command of militaries, keeping armies relatively small, counter-balancing militaries with security services and dividing the military itself, and recruiting mercenaries. Possibly it is the confidence based on this success that has caused the key monarchs in the GCC, led by the Saudis, to bolster militaries – their own and others – to counter upheavals, without any apparent regard for the consequences for control over their militaries. In December 2013, the GCC announced the formation of a Joint Military Command of some 100,000 officers and men to be headquartered in the Saudi Arabian capital of Riyadh. In March, the GCC invited Jordan and Morocco to form a military alliance in return for unspecified “financial aid.” In theory this would bolster GCC forces by 300,000 men. Most of the GCC states have also announced intentions to build up their military capacities. Kuwait had by 2014 rebuilt its forces to the pre-1990 level of 17,000. Qatar in November 2013 and the United Arab Emirates two months later announced that conscription would be introduced, while Kuwait indicated that it was considering this step. The UAE declared in early 2014 it was doubling its defense imports to $3 billion by 2015 – notable, in that since 2007 the UAE has already been second only to Saudi Arabia in acquiring U.S. military hardware through the Foreign Military Sales Program.
These and other measures reflect a large quantitative, possibly even qualitative change in the role of monarchial militaries, at least in the GCC. They are being assigned the key role in implementing an “Arab Thermidor,” wherever it should be needed. It might well be that members of these ruling families also are motivated by the perceived utility of personal control over at least some component of the military in anticipated succession struggles. Saudi King Abdullah’s attempts to ensure succession through his line, for example, appears to rest heavily on control over the National Guard, which during his rule has been developed into a more potent force than the military itself, to say nothing of it becoming the personal fiefdom of his son Mutaib. Al-Khalifa control of the Bahraini military, al-Sabah control of the Kuwaiti one, and so on throughout the GCC, is likely also to become steadily more relevant to leadership succession as these ruling families multiply and divide and contestation for power between princes intensifies.
Monarchial militaries, in other words, are becoming double-edged swords. Increasingly capable of subduing revolutions at home or in the near abroad, they are being drawn more directly into intra-elite politics, where they could end up cutting into monarchial rule itself. As the stakes of militarization and military intervention steadily increase, so does the possibility of intra-family divisions between moderates and hard liners grow, as seems most apparent in Bahrain, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. Such intra-family divisions may in turn open up possibilities for non-royal officers, or even for non-commissioned officers working in league with revolutionary forces, as in Iran in 1978-79. In sum, monarchial militaries have as a result of Arab upheavals been substantially strengthened. At present they remain firmly under monarchial control, but their potential to intensify divisions within these ruling families and thereby to create opportunities for rule by commoners, whether officers or civilians, grows in tandem with their size.
Robert Springborg is the Visiting Kuwait Professor at the Paris School of International Affairs at Sciences Po in Paris. This essay is part of a Project on Middle East Studies and London School of Economics and Political Science collection on “ The Arab Thermidor: The Resurgence of the Security State .”

Accel Frontline promoters to dilute stake to meet min shareholding normsAccel Frontline promoters to dilute stake to meet min shareholding norms
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 05, 2014 07:12 PM IST
Accel Frontline Ltd promoters have decided to dilute their stake to achieve Minimum Public Shareholding norms. The company today informed the BSE that its Board has noted the intimation received from the promoters of the Company that they are planning to divest their stake so as to achieve Minimum Public Shareholding norms as per the Listing Agreement.
According to BSE data, the promoters and promoter group currently hold 89.02 per cent in the company. The largest shareholder is CAC Corporation, which holds 60.95 per cent, Accel Ltd (22.20 %), Panicker N R (1.25%) and Accel systems Group Inc, USA (0.62%).
In December 2013, CAC Corporation, Japan had announced that it would be acquiring 51 per cent in Chennai-based Accel Frontline Limited (AFL), a mid-size IT company. The deal value was estimated to be around Rs 130 crore, including equity and soft loan.

SpiceJet seeks 6 wks time from AAI to find investor | DGCA acts tough against troubled planeTroubled times for SpiceJet; seeks six weeks time from AAI to find strategic investor
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.26PM IST
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Low-cost carrier SpiceJet has sought six weeks' time from the Aviation Ministry to stay afloat and find a strategic investor for the airline, reported ET Now.
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor. "They (SpiceJet management) have sought help of Aviation Ministry in getting moratorium period extended from the different agencies like Airport Authority of India," ET Now said.
"Airport Authority of India (AAI), that runs most of the airports in the country, has put SpiceJet on cash and carry model. This means that SpiceJet must pay first and fly. AAI is now ready to help SpiceJet by giving them one week of moratorium period provided they give bank guarantee," ET Now reported.
ET Now also said that DGCA , the aviation regulator , is monitoring SpiceJet on a day-to-day basis. "DGCA wants to ensure that the problem of funds should not compromise with the safety of passengers," ET Now said.
SpiceJet has not been able to finalise any investor name so far.
SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Despite financial hurdles, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route earlier in the month of December for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Millions evacuate as typhoon bears strikes P...Millions evacuate as typhoon bears down on Philippines
By AFP | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.49PM IST
The storm, which would be the strongest to hit the Southeast Asian archipelago this year, is expected to impact more than half the nation.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TACLOBAN: Millions of people in the Philippines sought shelter in churches, schools and other makeshift evacuation centres today as Typhoon Hagupit bore down on the disaster-weary nation.
The storm, which would be the strongest to hit the Southeast Asian archipelago this year, is expected to impact more than half the nation including communities devastated by Super Typhoon Haiyan last year.
Authorities said millions of people were pouring into evacuation centres ahead of Hagupit's expected landfall on Saturday night or Sunday, having learnt the lessons of early preparations after Haiyan.
"Everyone here is gripped with fear," Rita Villadolid, 39, told as she sat with her family and hundreds of other people inside a stadium in Tacloban, one of the cities still yet to recover from Haiyan.
Elsewhere in Tacloban, a coastal city of 220,000 people on the eastern island of Leyte, people began flooding into churches and schools with little more than bags of clothes and rice.
Haiyan, the strongest storm ever recorded on land with winds of 315 kilometres an hour, killed or left missing more than 7,350 people as it tore across the central Philippines in November last year.
Hagupit weakened slightly today and was downgraded from a super typhoon category as it tracked towards the Philippines in the Pacific Ocean, generating maximum winds of 195 kilometres an hour.
But Hagupit was still predicted to be the strongest storm to hit the Philippines this year, bringing storm surges more than one storey high to many coastal areas, according to state weather agency Pagasa.
Hagupit's giant front of more than 600 kilometres meant about 50 million people, or half the nation's population, were living in vulnerable areas, Social Welfare Secretary Corazon Soliman said.

http://usat.ly/1wE01fuAFP/Getty
Q: What’s Google worth broken up?
A: European Union lawmakers have said they’re in favor of breaking up Google. While that’s not likely to happen, it raises interesting questions about what the pieces of Google are really worth.
Google is all about search. The company earns nearly all its profit from mining data about Internet surfers and selling those data to advertisers. But the stock gets its value not just from search ads, but from a variety of units and assets. To be specific, Google’s share price is a reflection of investors’ assessment of eight business units and the company’s pile of cash, says market data firm Trefis. Shares of Google are trading for roughly $536.97 apiece.
About a third of the company’s stock value comes from Google’s desktop searches, Trefis says. And another third comes from Google’s mobile ads. After those two businesses, its drops off fast, with YouTube accounting for 9.3% of the stock price and Google Phone at 7.6%. And despite Google’s efforts to get into new businesses, other than consumer-information data mining, advertising is expected to be its key business for quite some time, Trefis says. PC and mobile ads are seen being 70.8% of revenue in 2018, down just slightly from the 76.3% of these units contributed in 2014.
Source: Trefis
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Big Business of Pop-up Retailers
Sensex closes 105 points down; healthcare stocks hitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Infosys focuses on small acquisitions  entering new segmentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pak rocket attack kills one soldier  injures sixThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GVK Bio manipulated trials of generic drugs: ReportsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Discussion on repeal bill deferred in absence of oppnThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Another healthcare tragedyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Book profit and get out immediately. don`t be too greedy; you may not ...Platinum Member
147 Followers
Book profit and get out immediately. Don`t be too greedy; you may not be able to sell when you want !
In reply to : andy8593 message
8.30 PM Dec 5th

Sir  it is very less on yoy bais...report is encouraging but bear hug....Platinum Member
199 Followers
Sir, it is very less on yoy bais... Report is encouraging but bear hug.? Beml( -)36eps hy basis... Hoec.. Bumper loss 44/-.... Spice jet 15. 80... Huge loses... Jet airways.... Losses kaa dukan.... Only deeper interest could save this stock.. And could touch 45 with no time... Hmt bumper loss 49/-.. Mtnl * book value rate 29/- it is market full of miracle
In reply to : gorugoyal message
8.29 PM Dec 5th

Transperent management will bring it to 100 in 6 monthsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Silver below 36411 major fall waitingCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Facebook simplifies privacy with Privacy Basics0
•In the first subsection, "What Others See About You," you can click to learn more about who sees what you post, how to delete posts, who can see your list of friends, what comes up when people search for you, likes and comments, tagging and how to deactivate and delete your account. They are all basics, but if you've never read them you might find something you've missed.
One of the most helpful parts of that section is learning about what your profile looks like to someone else. If you didn't know you could type in the name of any friend and see what that person sees when they look at your profile, you're missing out. You have total control, so if there's a certain Facebook friend who absolutely shouldn't have your email address or phone number, you can control that. And you should.
•The second subsection is called "How Others Interact With You," and it contains topics ranging from managing what gets posted on your timeline to unfriending and blocking to getting help if you think you've been hacked. People who aren't familiar with these parts of Facebook are putting themselves at great risk. The last thing you want is to find something less-than-wholesome on your timeline and not understand how it got there. And if your password is your first name or 1-2-3-4-5, you definitely need to know how to recover your account should you lose control due to hacking.
•The third and final subsection is called "What You See." This is the section that lets you customize what you see from friends and advertisers. Here you can learn how to change the ads you see and change what shows up in your newsfeed.
You can't control everything on Facebook, but you definitely have more control than you ever had before, as long as you know where to look.
Regardless of what Facebook announces or does, I always recommend people check the settings on all their social networks once every three months, just to make sure nothing has changed or updates aren't needed. Do what I do and set an Outlook reminder so you don't forget. You'll feel smarter and more secure every time.
What questions do you have about social media? Tweet them to @scottkleinberg with hashtag #SoSocial. He might select yours for use in a future column.

Sketchy Home Appraisals Making a Comeback
Remembering a princeUpdated: December 3, 2014 20:29 IST
Remembering a prince
authors and poets
Rajmohan Gandhi’s new book, “The Prince of Gujarat”, brings the story of Darbar Gopaldas Desai to life
With the passage of time, one of Gujarat’s most progressive and revolutionary names has been all but forgotten, and we find that the incredible journey of Darbar (prince) Gopaldas Desai, from the royal court to the freedom movement, is fading from memory. So when Rajmohan Gandhi recounts the extraordinary story of Darbar in his new book, “The Prince of Gujarat” (Aleph), he brings back the memory of a man well ahead of his times, and sheds light on a life that is, even today, exemplary.
Excerpts from the interview:
A little about discovering Darbar Gopaldas Desai?
He was always in the back of my mind, and then meeting his son in America brought him to the forefront. I discovered that there is so much more about him, especially his social revolutionary aspect, his attitude to women, attitude to his praja. It wasn’t very surprising that I ran into his son. It so happens that many of the descendants of freedom fighters have found themselves in America. I was teaching at the University of Illinois, and Darbar’s son is a retired doctor. There are occasions when we have run into each other, and we became good friends. He gave me such incredible papers and documents, that I felt it necessary to work on this book. I have been visiting Gujarat for sometime, as a visiting scholar, and I felt like the people there needed to know more about this incredible man.
He was, as you’ve written in the book, both a progressive Prince as well as a committed freedom fighter…
He is utterly unique, both in his princely and his freedom fighter phase. But he’s also part of a very large category of those who threw themselves into the struggle for freedom. Of course not all of them had this kind of background, but they were all unique in their own way. So, in addition to being a study of this man, this book was also a study of the freedom movement itself. Not just the movement, but what it meant to be an activist in the movement, and how the lives of the participants and their families were affected.
Since his life has been largely un-documented, how was the search for information?
Although there was disruption, it was fortunately not complete destruction. Some documents did survive, some letters, some certificates, period photographs, which are technically horrible photographs. These I found with one of his nieces. And the youngest generation of the family are all very curious about the princely period. Because this isn’t something they have any direct memory of. So even when they discovered the haveli, and some of them discovered it when they were in their late teens, they were very awed and impressed.
The biographies on him that do exist are only up to a certain period. The most important biography, Kalyanji Mehta’s book, is only up to 1921, when Gopaldas worked lived till 1951.
How long did the book take?
The whole process took 18 months. I visited several different parts of Gujarat. I met people who remembered him in his last phase. I’ve written about a man in the book who remembered giving Gopaldas his last sip of water. Even today in a place now called Gopalgram, the warmth with which the people talk about him is quite something. The older generation knows him extremely well, and they will be very pleased that the younger generation will be able to hear his story now.
With sparse information, does conjecture and guesswork become necessary to complete the picture?
The biggest surmise, or conjecture, has to do with two things — why he had this special attitude to women, and secondly, what brought about this almost socialistic attitude in him. These are the two great mysteries, and there is very little documentation to understand the reasons. He read a lot, but what did he read, which books? Yes, we know about Aurobindo Ghosh and Lokmanya Tilak, and later on Gandhiji, but neither Ghosh in his early period nor Tilak were actively working for social justice. They were strongly working for India’s independence. Gopaldas is inspired by them also, but where did he get this idea of equality? The fact that he was a social revolutionary with very few parallels in his time, is what captured my attention. There is information, but then there is no corroborative information, nothing to challenge the facts. Since I can’t provide counter arguments, I have taken care to say that this is what is said by x y and z. I want the reader to also make his or her own surmise. Once or twice I’ve said that we don’t have all sides of the story.
What makes Gopaldas and his story relevant today?
Even to know that one hundred years ago, a man with such progressive ideas existed, flourished, and that people loved him for that, is a great thing. He was known as a kind of modern day Harishchandra. I think his story restores our belief in India’s potential, especially today, when there is a lot of cynicism. Nobody says he was perfect, but nonetheless there was so much to him that was so genuine. I think to recognise that fact, should, if not totally banish our cynicism, do good deal to weaken it.
You have been actively revisiting forgotten personalities from the freedom struggle…
That curiosity of mine has to do with the sheer richness of human nature. I have done many biographies, and every person’s story is unique. We are often not aware of the texture of their lives. I want the descendants of other freedom fighters to do justice to their ancestors’ lives. I want people to produce and put down what they know and remember.
India’s freedom movement was certainly not a perfect movement but it was an amazing movement. It had so much richness, suspense, tragedy to it. And on balance, it was a very positive movement. Unlike many other movements in the world, which on balance leave pain, this one left hope satisfaction, even pride. I want every descendent who was connected to that movement to gather as many facts as possible, because each story is unique, and worth remembering. My greatest satisfaction would be if as a result of this book, more people do some solid research and bring other people to life.

Reports Conflict Over Whether North Korea Is Source Of Sony HackSony Pictures will announce that North Korea was the source of the company's recent hack , Re/code reports. The announcement could come "as soon as today."
A representative for Sony told The Hollywood Reporter's Matthew Belloni that Re/code's story is wrong, and that the company will not be making a statement on the attack:
A Sony rep tells me the studio will not be making a statement on the source of the hack. A contrary report out there is wrong, they say.
— Matthew Belloni (@THRMattBelloni) December 3, 2014
Sony did not immediately respond to The Huffington Post's request for comment.
Sony was hacked last week, and the following five unreleased films were posted online:  "Annie," "Still Alice," "Mr. Turner," "To Write Love On Her Arms" and "Fury."
There has been a bit of speculation about North Korea's involvement in the hack since it first occurred, as the country's government has been vocal about its objection to the upcoming Sony film "The Interview." The film, starring Seth Rogen and James Franco, involves a fictional CIA plot to assassinate North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. Last June, North Korea's ambassador to the U.N., Ja Song Nam, wrote a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon saying that the movie was an "act of war."
This story has been updated to include additional details and clarify that the date of the announcement is still unclear, according to Re/code.
More:

Leaving a light  Justice Krishna Iyer passes awayUpdated: December 14, 2014 10:30 IST
Leaving a light, Justice Krishna Iyer passes away
K.C. Gopakumar
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer used to spend his evenings with a walk along the banks of the Kochi backwaters. He has to his credit around 70 books, mostly on law, and four travelogues. Photo: The Hindu Archives
The Hindu
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer, surrounded by children from Balasanghom with 100 roses at his residence in Kochi on November 15, 2014 in connection with his 100th birthday celebrations. Photo: Vipin Chandran
The Hindu
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer (1915-2014)
SLIDESHOW
people
Eminent jurist and former Supreme Court judge, Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer, passed away at a private hospital in Kochi around 3.30 p.m. on Thursday. He died due to renal and cardiac failure, hospital sources said. He was hospitalised for a fortnight.
Justice Iyer, known for his forthright views, turned 100 recently. He was sworn in as the judge of the Supreme Court on July 17, 1973 and retired at the age of 65 on November14, 1980.
Born to a leading criminal lawyer V.V. Rama Ayyar in 1915 in Thalassery, Justice Iyer had his education at the Basel Mission School, Thalassery, Victoria College, Palakkad, Annamalai University and Madras Law College. After starting legal practice in 1937 under his father in the Thalassery courts, he used to appear for workers and peasants in several agrarian struggle-related cases in his early years of practice.
He became a member of the Madras Legislative Assembly in 1952. He held portfolios such as law, justice, home, irrigation, power, prisons, social welfare and inland navigation in the first Communist government in Kerala headed by E.M.S. Namboodiripad that came to power in 1957. He was instrumental in passing several pieces of people-oriented legislations during his tenure as minister in the Communist government.
He resumed his legal practice in August 1959 and threw himself into the legal profession after he lost the 1965 Assembly election. He was appointed a judge of the Kerala High Court on July 2, 1968. He was elevated as Judge of the Supreme Court on July 17, 1973, and retired on November, 14, 1980. He served as a Member of the Law Commission from 1971 to 1973.
His landmark judgments include the Shamser Singh case which interpreted the powers of the Cabinet vis-à-vis the President, Maneka Gandhi case which gave a new dimension to Article 21, Ratlam Municipality case, and Muthamma's case. He had pushed for reformative theory, in contrast to deterrence theory in the criminal justice system. He also received brickbats for granting conditional stay on the Allahabad High Court verdict declaring former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's election to the Lok Sabha void.
In 2002, Justice Iyer was part of the citizen's panel that inquired into the Gujarat riots along with retired justice P.B. Sawant and others. He was conferred with Padma Vibhushan in the 1999. He had unsuccessfully contested to the post of President against Congress nominee late R. Venkitaraman in 1987. He also headed the Kerala Law Reform Commission in 2009. He has to his credit around 70 books, mostly on law, and four travelogues. Wandering in Many Worlds is his autobiography. He has also authored a book in Tamil, Neethimandramum Samanvya Manithanum.
He has been actively involved in social and political life after his retirement, almost till a few weeks when ill-health and advancing age took their toll on him. His 100th birthday was celebrated in Kochi last month and a number of programmes were organised by members of the legal fraternity, citizenry and his friends and well-wishers to felicitate him. Justice Iyer's wife predeceased him. He is survived by two sons.
The body of Justice Iyer will be taken to the Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium, Kadavanthra, on Friday, where members of the general public will be able to pay homage to the departed jurist, said M.G.Rajamanikyam, Ernakulam district collector. The funeral will take place at Ravipuram crematorium at 6 p.m. on Friday, he said.
Reactions:
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 4, 2014
My association with Justice Krishna Iyer was special. My mind goes back to our conversations & the insightful letters he would write to me.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 4, 2014
Sad to learn that centenarian Justice VR Krishna Iyer has passed away. Judge,minister,social reformer,human rights activist,great human. RIP
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) December 4, 2014
Saddened by the demise of Justice VR Krishna Iyer. An iconic legal luminary, he dedicated his life in service of nation.May he rest in peace
— Anandiben Patel (@anandibenpatel) December 4, 2014
My deepest condolences on the passing away of eminent jurist Justice Krishna Iyer. His death is an immeasurable loss to our legal community.
— N Chandrababu Naidu (@ncbn) December 4, 2014
Saddened by demise of Justice Krishna Iyer. Recently, I hd visited him at his house, when he turned 100 yrs.Such souls take birth rarely.
— APJ Abdul Kalam (@APJAbdulKalam) December 4, 2014
We condole the sad demise of Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family pic.twitter.com/SOF3tanpgI
— INC India (@INCIndia) December 4, 2014
Select articles by Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer
"The best judge will have nothing to hide and everything to discover without fear or favour." Read here
"A Bhopal tragedy of Hiroshima magnitude — I call it a ‘Bhoposhima' calamity caused by ‘gasassination.'" Read here
"A commission to select judges will be an improvement on the collegium only if its members are of the highest standing." Read here
"Why capital punishment should be given the death sentence." Read here
"Judges are the spinal cord of the rule of law, and the final interpreters of the Constitution. Their judgments govern social and economic justice. But oftentimes, as Frankfurter pointed out, their failings show up." Read here
On Justice Krishna Iyer
He spurned the lure of pelf and power and governmental patronage and became an unrivalled champion of social justice, constitutional values and the rule of law. He blossomed into an iconic and inspirational figure both nationally and internationally. Read here
Luminaries in the field of jurisprudence paid glowing tributes to the former Supreme Court judge V.R. Krishna Iyer at a seminar organised to celebrate the 100th birthday of the eminent jurist. Read here
Collection of letters by Justice V.R.Krishna Iyer released. Read here
V.R. Krishna Iyer, who is described as a legend in terms of his knowledge of law, was feted for his many trailblazing judgments that have earned him a place among world-renowned legal scholars. Read here

When pictures speak louderUpdated: December 4, 2014 20:29 IST
When pictures speak louder
A photograph by Samar S. Jodha
TOPICS
cinema
Activist-artist Samar S. Jodha’s Bhopal — A Silent Picture that has travelled world over since 2009, recreates for visitors the quiet disaster of that night
At 7.35 p.m. on December 2 in Rome, at Piazza Della Repubblica, a 40-foot container opened its doors for the public to walk in. In its pitch blackness, the temperature drops to single digits and the steady croak of cicadas fills the air.
A machine drones in the distance, and its rumbles soften to the sound of air whooshing out a quick escape. These noises loop for a while, until silence takes over. It breaks to the sound of someone gasping desperately for breath. Within the container unveil photographs of a run-down desolate factory, and the stoic faces of Bhopalis.
Thirty years ago, at 7.35 p.m. Italian time, 12.05 a.m. Indian time, 42 tonnes of methyl isocyanate leaked out of a Union Carbide plant in Bhopal, taking 2,259 lives in its immediate wake and thousands ever since. In this photo-installation container, Bhopal — A Silent Picture, activist-artist Samar Singh Jodha recreates for visitors the quiet disaster of that night. From India to London and Venice, the piece has travelled world over from its creation in 2009, and now roosts in Rome courtesy Amnesty International, Italy.
The roots of the piece found soil five years earlier though, in 2004, when Samar was invited by BBC to create a print work of Bhopal as it stood, then 20 years from the tragedy. “I was able to meet and photograph communities that lived around the plant, doctors who were there that night, machine operators, police officers in charge then, and numerous others. I always knew of the Bhopal gas tragedy, but it was only with these meetings that my knowledge from a distance grew into a wider sense of understanding,” says Samar in a telephone conversation from Rome.
With five years of photographing the people and the place, by 2009, Samar decided to pull all the work that he’d been doing into a cohesive whole.
His forays into Bhopal had often been by train; many of his meetings with survivors too had been at railway stations, and he’d also heard of people who’d lost their lives in trains that passed through Bhopal that night. The idea of a train journey into Bhopal became a metaphor to lead people into a great cognisance of the tragedy, and Bhopal — A Silent Picture replicates the experience of chugging into Bhopal at night through sound, ambience and visuals. “The work is a sensory experience, and the show itself is a quiet one, for there wasn’t too much noise that night, and after 30 years of people shouting themselves hoarse about it, the silence of the experience itself speaks louder.”
In its travels, over a lakh people have walked through the container and engaged with it in different ways. When in Mumbai, at the 2011 Kala Ghoda festival, Samar recalls school children who never quite understood what “25,000 people dead” meant, but reacted to what they experienced by drawing pictures of dead birds in backyards, contaminated water around their homes, and other instances of industrial pollution, corporate irresponsibility and environmental damage. At the London Olympics in 2012, Samar modified the installation itself to include 35 mannequins wrapped in a 40-feet-long black shroud with the names of hundreds of those who had died in Bhopal.
In Venice, Samar speaks of the piece resonating with Italians because the city, for all its romance, sits on one of the world’s most polluted water bodies that has silently hurt its people through unexplained illnesses for years. “Bhopals happen all across the planet. When there’s a blowout like at the Union Carbide plant, we see a smoking gun culprit; but in less dramatic situations worldwide, our water is being poisoned, and our food is being contaminated. When it is a slow process of destruction, we often have no idea of what is killing us even. And that’s what we’ve let our world become in the hands of corporates. We’ve turned our planet into a lab and we are merely rats in an experiment.”
Bhopal - A Silent Picture remains open in Rome till December 6.

Tyagaraja was his religionCarnatic Classical
‘Ramabhakti Samrajyam…’ this was the quintessence of SVK’s personality. His thoughts always centred on Rama, Tyagaraja and Valmiki, the last mentioned linking the first two.
A tall sprightly figure in impeccable white, there was a glint of mischief in those eyes. He always had a joke to share, many times at his own expense, the smile never leaving his face. The short stories that he penned for The Hindu Sunday Magazine were all laced with humour. He even published a collection recently.
Always humming a raga and tapping on the table to keep time, he came across as a connoisseur, who took the music more seriously than he did the musician. This enabled him to call a spade a spade. The opportunity to sing the 24,000 slokas of Valmiki to support the discourse of Sirkazhi Sundarachariar laid the foundation for SVK’s interest in Tyagaraja. Connecting the verses to Tyagaraja’s compositions, he compared the two and found striking similarities. He picked up Sanskrit in the process and learnt Telugu by constantly researching Tyagaraja’s songs. That in fact became his religion and way of worship.
He had read the 24,000 verses seven times, he told a colleague with whom he shared an episode. “One hot afternoon, I found a fakir at my front door. I gave him a small amount thinking he was seeking alms. My wife went in to get him a glass of buttermilk. He gave me a dollar and asked me to keep it in puja. I hesitated but he insisted. I turned to go in and my wife who returned with the buttermilk did not find him. The road stretched long and empty. When I cleaned the dollar I found the figures of Rama, Sita, Lakshmana and Anjaneya.”
The column, ‘Know Your Tyagaraja,’ was an effort to showcase the composer’s bhakti for Rama but in a way, SVK was paying obeisance to the Bard of Tiruvaiyaru. He published each volume with child like enthusiasm, the same happiness he showed when the series on Valmiki and Tyagaraja was published. It was poignant when he thanked the Friday Review team for providing pictures. “It is a document for posterity and you have embellished it,” he said.
Always eager to write a curtain raiser to the Tiruvaiyaru aradhana, he withdrew as he found few musicians attending the event. In a choked voice he once remarked, “They earn fame and name singing his kritis but stay away from the annual homage.”
According to him, a concert without the compositions of the Trinity was a futile exercise and one without Tyagaraja was absolutely useless. He had reached a point when he stopped attending concerts of musicians, whom he felt, were not on the same wavelength. Ironically, some of them, in their formative years, had been generously complemented by him. “They have all grown, their music not my cup of tea anymore,” he would observe ruefully.
He firmly believed in music as a vehicle of devotion, an understanding of the sahitya indispensable. Diction therefore was sacrosanct and melody crucial. Swaraprasthara, alapana and other technicalities did not matter to him. “Who wants pyrotechnics? Arithmetic is not music. Ariyakkudi, (Palghat) Mani Iyer and Semmangudi gave the essence of raga in a two-minute alapana. That’s all is required,” he observed.
“But you can’t blame the artist for indulging in kanakku-vazhakku. The audience erupts into applause after a long swara sally and an elongated alapana. It is heady,” he would sigh.
Sukanubhava was the word he often used. “Music should spread tranquillity, give the listener peace.” Anything else was dismissed as noise and gimmick. He kept going back to certain artists precisely for this reason – they showed respect for the musical values, which he cherished. Never mind if he was accused of bias. Most of his reviews had a preamble touching upon his pet philosophy. “Somehow accommodate the lines. If it moves one young aspirant I’ll be happy,” he would say.
Tyagaraja Rasanubhava, a monthly programme held under the aegis of Sri Krishna Gana Sabha was an extension of this thought. “Yes,” agrees Y. Prabhu, secretary of the sabha. “The programme was conceived to lay the accent on sahitya and bhava. He attended almost all the concerts, and reviewed most, of the series that continued for nearly two years,” he adds.
For the first time in six decades, The Hindu’s Music Season supplements will not have reviews by SVK. Prompt in delivering, his reviews arrived well before the deadline. Only they were hand written. What if we couldn’t decipher a word? “Call me or cut it out,” he would quip. As an allowance he wrote the songs in upper case.
To use a cliché, an era has passed. Devotion to music, Tyagaraja and his ishta devata and uncompromising standards of criticism, he stood for an extraordinary combination.
We’ll miss you SVK!
A forceful critic
BOMBAY JAYASHRI
I would like to talk from a rasikas’s standpoint, rather than a vidwan. SVK’s ‘Know Your Tyagaraja’ (4 volumes) and his recent book on ‘Valmiki Ramayana and Tyagaraja’ which I had the privilege of launching, are treasures that offer deep insights into the saint’s kritis. His reviews offered valuable inputs for rasikas, music connoisseurs and performing artists. He was a reference point not only for the music but also for his language. I feel blessed to have known him both as a rasika and a vidwan.
T.M. KRISHNA
I knew SVK Sir for over two decades. He stands out as one of those rare individuals who really understood the role of a critic. He perceived music experientially as a rasika and a singer, was in love with Carnatic music and hence, his views were strong and forceful. I did not necessarily agree with his thoughts on music or its practice. I had strong differences with him regarding his obsession with the Ariyakudi idea of a concert and his tendency to look at compositions only from within Tyagaraja’s prism. But this does not in anyway diminish my respect for his serious, intense and passionate involvement with Carnatic music.
As a human being, he was a wonderful man, a friend. I still remember one December morning when his review of my concert had appeared that day in The Hindu. We met, by accident, at the Music Academy, and had breakfast together. We discussed styles, ragas, compositions, musicians and composers. A lovely conversation with laughter, anecdotes and serious analysis. But we never discussed his review, not because either one of us was uncomfortable doing it, but we understood each other’s position. I was a young man many years his junior, but he never expected me to ask him about the review. This stays with me as an example of a person who could hold friendships beyond the barriers of generations and beliefs. A truly remarkable man!
K. GAYATHRI
SVK mama was definitely a critic par excellence. He had been reviewing my concerts quite regularly in the past six-seven years. Each review of his was perfectly judged, and impeccable. Whenever I wished him “Namaskaram,’ his spontaneous response would be, “Hmmm… Enna samaacharam?” It still rings in my ears. He had a soft corner for Tyagaraja. In one of my concerts, my main piece was not by Tyagaraja. At that point, he advised me to include as many Tyagaraja kritis as possible and also songs popularised by Semmangudi, Ariyakkudi and the likes. He was also concerned about how an artist’s career was shaping up. I will miss him a lot.
GAYATHRI GIRISH
For me, SVK’s name is synonymous with Tyagaraja kritis. He has often advised me to delve into Tyagaraja’s philosophy while singing his kritis. His reviews may have been scathing at times, but I feel they should be taken in the right perspective. His in-depth knowledge of Valmiki Ramayana and the way he could relate it to Tyagaraja kritis helped musicians immensely. I shall miss him a lot.
Epitome of simplicity
How did SVK come across to a young person? His nephew, D.M. RAMESH, marvels at his uncle’s simplicity despite his stature as the music critic of a leading newspaper. He recalls his uncle in his prime, travelling in crowded buses but making the journey pleasurable by singing songs unobtrusively. Excerpts from a tribute:
“Clad in veshti and shirt sleeves rolled up, Sivaji Ganesan style, can you imagine that he could not only sing but also play the veena and the violin? He had a deep understanding of Keynes, was well versed in Shakespeare and had great appreciation for Shelley.
“His favourite pastime was gardening, in which I was his partner. We knew that it was a lost cause - what with the warm weather, brackish water and poor soil conditions, but he wouldn’t give up. Such was his love for Nature.
“One thing I couldn’t understand was why the biggest room in his house was the bathroom. Perhaps, that was where he could launch into full-throated singing. Otherwise any place was his concert hall – the bus stop, a swing on which he used to spend hours or the barber shop.
“When it came to critiquing, we all know that his pen was sometimes dipped in acid. But what I can say with certainty is that nobody could influence him.
“In keeping with the SVV family trait, he never wore religion on his sleeve or across the left shoulder. But he knew a lot more of Hindu religion than all those who flaunted their faith. He was the one who influenced me and gave me the confidence that it was alright to go against the grain.
“It was a surprise to me when one day he told me that he had a wardrobe full of suits, countless shoes and ties while he was young. He discarded them all one fine day! A modern day rishi, not in ochre but in white.
“I failed miserably when he tutored me on the basics of vocal, exacting standard being one of the reasons. Yet I am happy that by merely observing him, I have learnt to appreciate English and absorb finer points of art and poetry. More than that, I have understood the true meaning of ‘still waters run deep’ and can recognise empty vessels. The wisdom of sifting the grain from the chaff is not given to all and I thank Periappa for giving me this ability.”

Being the subject of a book didnt make life lovely in AnnawadiUpdated: December 4, 2014 13:51 IST
‘Being the subject of a book didn’t make life lovely in Annawadi’
Parvathi Menon
“I was heartened when prominent officials engaged in the policy implications of the book,” says Katherine Boo. Picture shows her working in an Annawadi, Mumbai. Photo: Jordan Tierney
Special Arrangement
A scene from the play 'Behind the Beautiful Forevers'.
Special Arrangement
A scene from the play 'Behind the Beautiful Forevers'.
Special Arrangement
A scene from the play 'Behind the Beautiful Forevers'.
TOPICS
non-fiction
Interview with Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Katherine Boo on the purpose of writing "Behind the Beautiful Forevers" and what the Annawadi community is doing now
The stage adaptation by playwright David Hare of "Behind the Beautiful Forevers", the book on a Mumbai slum by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Katherine Boo, was performed at the Olivier Theatre in London to much critical acclaim last month. Directed by Rufus Norris, the play offers moving vignettes from the experiences of a community of poor unorganised workers, whose lives are caught in the ebb and flow of unseen global economic forces, by actors who “care deeply about honouring the intelligence and strength of the people they represent,” said Ms. Boo.
Directed by Rufus Norris, the play stays true to the spirit of the book, if not to its layered complexity.
Katrina Lindsay’s inspired stage design re-creates the little shantytown of Annawadi that exists in the garbage and morass of the big city — under gaudy billboards and the shadows of great winged planes that swoop unendingly over. The play offers moving vignettes from the experiences of a community of poor unorganized workers whose lives are caught in the ebb and flow of unseen global economic forces.
Excerpts from an interview with Katherine Boo conducted over email after the play opened.
Katherine Boo, can you talk about the methodology you followed in your marvelous book, and what it does for authenticity?
It’s a methodology I’d developed over 20 years of work in poor communities in the United States. I follow people where they go, doing what they do, and then I ask them to explain the actions and decisions I’ve just seen them take. In other words, I’m not parachuting into a place and asking people to describe some dramatic event of the past. I’m watching people negotiate the dilemmas of their lives in real time. Simultaneously, I’m using investigative techniques, including right-to-information act requests, to illuminate events that involve the police, courts, voting offices, public hospitals and morgues, and even charitable institutions.
Documenting lives as they unfold, using video and audiotape for accuracy, is important to me, because for all of us, recreating events from memory is a tricky thing. Abdul Husain, the young scrap sorter, put it this way: “If you ask me how to get from Annawadi to 90-Feet Road in Saki Naka, I will tell you the same thing today as I told you two years ago. But if it’s something that gave me tension, I might not want to remember so clearly.”
Listening for a long time, and then doing documents-based reporting on the basis of what I’ve learned, helps me write about things like corruption with more precision and conviction, of course. But the time I spend also lets me know people in a deeper, more nuanced way. In the case of Abdul, the semi-literate teenaged scrap sorter, it took several months before I realized that he’d developed what I can only call an ethical philosophy — something he’d never articulated even to his family. For many low-income people in difficult circumstances, ideas are what keep them alive. But to discover those ideas requires an investment of time, not to mention an admission some wealthier people find difficult to make: that our respective positions in the meritocracy may have less to do with skill or intellectual ability than with sheer luck.
Have you achieved the purpose you set out for yourself in writing this book?
I had several aims in mind. One aim was to examine how fluctuations in the global economy were affecting historically poor communities. In Annawadi, there was a pronounced new volatility — a continual cycle of exuberant hope and despair. For instance, construction in advance of the Beijing Olympics raised the standard of living for Annawadi scrapworkers to an all-time high, before the collapse of investment banks in Manhattan sent that standard of living plummeting. Conversations about globalization are very often ideological in nature. Meanwhile, the practical effects on hundreds of millions of low-wage workers worldwide barely get reported.
Another aim was to examine the infrastructure of opportunity in an urban slum — to test the social springboards of the city, from schooling to entrepreneurship to political work, at a time when government spending on anti-poverty programs was at a historical high. What I came away with was a sense of how blisteringly difficult it is even for hard-working, intelligent, creative people to break the barrier between the slum world and the world of the middle-class. That difficulty is in part because of how little of the aid meant for the poor — ranging from TB treatment to education assistance — reaches the people who need it most.
And a third aim was to lay out specific social wrongs, and the human cost of those wrongs, with enough clarity that people with more power might pay attention. Take, for instance, the impossible caseloads of judges in fast-track courts. For years those courts have been widely praised for reducing case backlogs, but there’s been very little scrutiny of the quality of justice meted out.
As for whether I achieved those aims: That’s for others besides the author to decide, don’t you think? I roll my eyes when writers make great claims about the social utility of their books. I hope my work over the years has challenged some stereotypes about the urban poor and shed some light on social injustices. But all I can say with certainty is that I tried my best.
Was there any ‘official’ response to the book?
While there was no single ‘official response,’ I was heartened when prominent officials engaged in the policy implications of the book, including the crucial question of how to make programs more accountable and keep funds for the poor out of the pockets of the political elite. Such conversations happened more than I expected.
As far as positive change at Annawadi: I'm reluctant to assert direct correlations, since other factors may have been at work, but there’s more water in the slum now, and politicians respond to residents’ urgent concerns more quickly than they did before. I’m also told that harassment by the police has waned because of a fear that illegal activity might be documented. But being the subject of a book didn't make life lovely in Annawadi. Today TB deaths continue to ravage families, the municipal schools and Cooper Hospital remain deeply troubled, and organized drug trafficking is even more of a problem than it was.
Do you still remain engaged with the community? What has happened to Annawadi and its residents you describe?
My husband (Sunil Khilnani) and I are still engaged with the community, funding education, training and emergency aid to help families get through health and other crises. Some students have risen heroically to the challenge of good private schools — schools where even the guards at the gates make them feel unwelcome.
“Inspiring” is an overused word, but those kids inspire me — seriously. But progress in communities like Annawadi is often incremental, given structural issues like the prevalence of disease and the almost total absence of permanent work.
As for individuals featured in the book, Manju now has a master’s degree, and she and her new husband run two tuition centers. She’s a very popular tutor, with a particular concern for poorer students. Manju’s brothers have become drivers — work they like — and are also doing well. The Husain family now owns a home and business outside of Mumbai, and four of the younger children are doing well in a private school that is considered the best in their area.
But one person I wrote about died of TB-related disease, and another is fighting an addiction. This is real life, not a fairy tale with a happy ending. And a month from now, the circumstances of the people I’ve just mentioned may be utterly different, because if there’s one constant in places like Annawadi, it’s change.
The story of Annawadi is also the story of its children and their positivity through the worst. What would you want for them?
Abdul was one of many young people at Annawadi who wanted to have ideals, to live ethically and behave generously to others. But before long he was mourning the fact that he couldn’t be better “because of how the world is.”
The skills, intellectual capacities, and deep idealism of the children of Annawadi and similar communities around the world don’t get nurtured. They get squandered. I think we’d all be better off if that equation changed.
What next for you? Would you like to share your plans for the medium term? Will it be another investigative project, or more on Annawadi?
When in Mumbai these days I find myself still making tapes, documenting corruption and social problems — I can’t help myself. And I continue to feel that RTI is an underused resource for journalists interested in making social programs more accountable, and for making corrupt officials accountable too. But for now I think I’ve had my say on the urban issues of 21st-century India. My next investigative and immersion project will be elsewhere.

Axar  Kuldeep make the cutUpdated: December 5, 2014 08:25 IST
Axar, Kuldeep make the cut
G. Viswanath
Tweet
The Hindu
(Clockwise from top left) Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh, Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh were left out from the 30-member India probables list for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 which was announced on Thursday.
PTI
Yuvraj Singh with 'Man of the Series' trophy during the 2011 Cricket World Cup in Mumbai. Yuvraj Singh was left out in the 30-member probables list for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 on Thursday.
SLIDESHOW
World Cup Cricket
Yuvraj, Sehwag, Gambhir and Harbhajan out of World Cup 2015
The selectors and the team’s think-tank felt there was no need to go backwards, refer to the performances in the 2011 World Cup and choose one or two just for the sake of experience.
So the likes of Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Ashish Nehra and Piyush Chawla were omitted from the 30 probables list for the ICC World Cup to be played in Australia and New Zealand from February 14 to March 29, 2015.
The seam bowlers in the probables’ list are Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammad Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma and Ashoke Dinda.
The spinners are R. Ashwin, Parvez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel and Kuldeep Yadav.
The deadline for submitting the condensed squad to the ICC is January 7.
Vinay discarded
Karnataka seamer R. Vinay Kumar, whose eight wickets in the home series against Australia 12 months ago came at a costly 43.13, has also not been included. The 30-year-old Vinay Kumar has played 31 matches and taken 38 wickets at 37.79 and clearly the selectors and the think-tank believe he’s not the kind of medium-pacer who will come up trumps in Australia and New Zealand.
In the 16 ODIs he has played overseas, he has taken 19 wickets at 36.00.
The selectors who met at the Cricket Centre on Thursday chose 25 players from the teams that played the three-match ODI series in Bangladesh last June. Suresh Raina was the captain then. Cheteshwar Pujara, who scored 38 runs in three matches at 12. 67, has also not been considered.
Bengal pacer Dinda virtually walked into the squad with a match-winning performance in the Deodhar Trophy final against West Zone on Wednesday.
Kerala’s Sanju Samson (second wicketkeeper for the five-match series in England), Murali Vijay (sent as replacement for Rohit Sharma for the ODI series in England), Karnataka batsman Manish Pandey and Uttar Pradesh unorthodox wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav, who has played two under-19 series in Australia, have also got the nod.
Balanced team
BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel said captain M.S. Dhoni’s views were taken into account before finalising the probables. “It’s a balanced team; the selectors deliberated a lot. Recent performances were taken into account.”
When asked whether the likes of Virender Sehwag and Yuvraj Singh have played their last for India, Patel said: “I would not like to comment on this. It was a pure cricket performance and the requirement of time as well as the performances of the young players.
“All of us should be happy that a lot of young cricketers have been considered. The process was absolutely clear and complete with all aspects discussed. After due process the probables were selected.”
The following is the list of probables:
M.S. Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Sanju Samson, R. Ashwin, Parvez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammad Shami, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, Dhawal Kulkarni, Stuart Binny, Mohit Sharma, Ashoke Dinda, Kuldeep Yadav and Murali Vijay

In innovative avatarsUpdated: December 4, 2014 19:32 IST
In innovative avatars
Poompuhar's Karthigai Deepam Festival. Photo: M. Prabhu
Poompuhar's Karthigai Deepam Festival.
Look for the unusual collection of diyas for Karthigai Deepam.
At Poompuhar’s Karthigai Deepam Festival, the auspicious kuthuvilakku lights up the lamps in their innovative avatars.
Among the novel lamps is a two ft. two-tier Thanjavur kuthuvilakku with five huge wicks and a flat circular tray adorning the second tier. It combines the bold lines of Kerala lamps with the curving form of the classic Tamil kuthuvilakku.
The 5 ft. tall Malabar lamps, 8 ft. tall, gilded branch lamps with hanging parrots holding the wicks, 5 ft branch lamps with 155 wicks, five -tiered annam and parrot lamps as well as ‘vasamalais’ add classical grace to the exhibition.
Also available are single hanging parrot lamps, kuthuvilakkus in various sizes as well as Lakshmi, Saraswati and Ganesh deepams.
The brass lamps have been made by Nachiarkoil artisans.
The gilded beauties from Karnataka are also on show. The kuber diyas and standing lamps from Moradabad lend a North Indian flavour.
Innumerable terracotta lamps and diyas give an earthy touch.
Puducherry artisans showcase their exquisitely fashioned perforated clay lamps and diyas.
Tiny clay kuthuvilakkus from Cuddalore are another speciality, while Pudukottai’s traditional potters bring to the collection unusual lamps featuring rural landscapes and large sized diyas. These are painted in bright colours and dressed up with sequins and sari.
The Karthigai Deepam Festival exhibition is on at the Poompuhar showroom, Anna Salai, till tomorrow.

Peter Pan Live!By Emily Yahr December 4 Follow @emilyyahr
John Allyn as Michael Darling, Allison Williams as Peter Pan, Jake Lucas as John Darling, and Taylor Louderman as Wendy Darling. (Virginia Sherwood/NBC via AP)
It has arrived: After much hand-wringing, anticipation, mockery and sharpening of critical knives before it even premieres, “Peter Pan Live!” starring Allison Williams and Christopher Walken airs Thursday night on NBC.
The network’s new commitment to airing live reenactments of classic musicals has become synonymous with the term “hate-watching.” But before you hate-watch something, shouldn’t you know a little more about it? Like, um, maybe why you’re supposed to hate it? Here you go:
Why is “Peter Pan Live!” a thing?
Last year, someone at NBC had the brilliant idea to stage a three-hour, live version of “The Sound of Music”  around the holidays starring Carrie Underwood as Maria, along with Audra McDonald and Stephen Moyer. It drew truckloads of snark in the weeks leading up to the show, and Underwood was eviscerated on Twitter for her lack of acting skills. But all those haters who crowded around the TV to snicker — not to mention the more sincere musical-theater fans — added up to about 18 million, or approximately 22 million with DVR viewing factored in. So NBC execs immediately started brainstorming about another musical for 2014. “Many of you were rolling your eyes up until. . . the ratings came in,” NBC entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt told reporters .
Anyway, it didn’t take the network long to settle on “Peter Pan.” A production based on the 1954 Broadway version of the J.M. Barrie book was announced mere weeks after “Sound of Music.”
When will it air? Really, three hours?
Oh yes! “Peter Pan Live!” airs Thursday at 8 p.m. until 11 p.m. With the exclamation mark!
How can people plan to “hate-watch” something when they haven’t seen it yet and have no idea what it will be like?
That’s just how the Internet rolls these days. Arguably, the main reason people already anticipate they will loathe the special is because of its star, Allison Williams as Peter Pan. (They seem cool with Christopher Walken as Captain Hook, though.)
What’s the deal with hating Allison Williams? She seems okay.
Williams, 26, has the distinction of starring on HBO’s controversy-magnet dramedy “Girls,” which inspires a shocking amount of vitriol among the Internet/viewing public thanks to its purposefully unlikable millennial characters. Williams’ insufferable Marnie — a princess type who wants to be a pop star despite her questionable singing chops –draws particular bile, and some viewers seem to have a hard time separating the actress from her character. Already, “Peter Pan” fans are fretting she won’t be able to live up to the theatrical expectations they require, though she is a (YouTube) singer .
Plus, some simply can’t get over the fact that nepotism could have possibly come into play: Williams is the daughter of NBC News anchor Brian Williams. A fact that he has adorably acknowledged .
Doesn’t that make watching the show less fun?
It really does, but it’s also an unusual thing these days to see everybody watching the same thing at the same time — and admittedly, some of the live Twitter commentary during “Sound of Music” was quite entertaining. Allison Williams has addressed this herself and asks people not to watch with hate in their hearts: “‘Peter Pan,’ you cannot watch cynically,” she told the Daily Beast . “If you do, you’re going to hate it, no question. It falls apart instantly.” (Though she also said she bets people will get wrapped up in the nostalgia and forget to hate-tweet.)
Yeah, people are still going to watch cynically — it’s already started with the preview:
 
The brains behind the  Washington Post Twitter account asked followers why they’re already opposed to the musical, and got a handful of differing responses:
@washingtonpost because of all their spammy sponsored Tweets
— Nancy Kricorian (@nancykric) December 4, 2014
@washingtonpost Because the Sound of Music was so bad it made people cringe and cry and they are now NBC-Live-Show-SHY

Walgreen names Linda Filler 1st chief merchandising officerWalgreen names Linda Filler 1st chief merchandising officer
Walgreens
By Corilyn Shropshire , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Former Claire's President Linda Filler named to Walgreen executive team.
Walgreen has named a new executive to its leadership team as it gets closer to finalizing its merger with Alliance Boots.
Linda Filler will step into the newly created role of president of retail products and chief merchandising officer effective Jan. 1. She was previously president of teen retailer Claire's before resigning in June.
Filler will oversee the "vision, leadership, strategic direction and performance" of all of Walgreen's merchandising, the company said in a statement.
0
Alex Gourlay, who will become Walgreen's chief when the Alliance Boots merger is complete, currently handles some of these duties in his current role as executive vice president of customer experience and daily living, according to a company spokesman.
Before a 15-month stint at Claire's, Filler was executive vice president and chief merchandising officer at Sam's Club, a division of Wal-Mart Stores. She's held several leadership roles at consumer brand companies, including vice president positions at Wal-Mart and Kraft Foods Group, according to a statement from Walgreen. Filler also has held leadership positions at Hanes Brands and Sara Lee Corp.
Filler, who joined Claire's in March 2013, resigned from the struggling retailer in June, two months after the surprise departure of its then-CEO Jim Fielding.
Filler graduated from North Texas State University with a Master of Science in accounting in 1982. She earned her Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1989.

It s Not What You Say That MattersWhen it comes to influencing others, recruiting, selling or motivating people to take action, it has very little to do with WHAT you say.
Typically, however, this is what most focus on.
Having trained many salespeople, recruiters, and even stage speakers, most of them are mostly concerned with what to say... what's my script, what's my presentation, what do I say when they have this objection, etc.
I was reminded of this principle because I recently had a colleague reviewing a transcript of a talk from a speaker friend of mine. She was very unimpressed and actually very critical.
On paper, his grammar was less than polished, sentences were fragmented and many of his concepts left unfinished. She rated him a terrible speaker and someone of little influence. Then I brought her to one of his talks.
She was awestruck!
It was the same speech, same words, same grammar and sentence structure, but he delivered it with such feeling, passion, energy and conviction that it moved her--deeply.
What is the difference?
This is wisdom that will forever affect your ability to influence, persuade, motivate and inspire others...
It's not WHAT you say that matters, its how you FEEL about what you say. Words by themselves have little impact; it's the feeling you put behind the words that give them power.
Jim Rohn taught me this analogy:
Words by themselves are like little shirt straight pins; you know, the kind used in a new folded dress shirt that you have to take out before trying on or wearing. Well, imagine words being like tossing those little pins at you. Sure you will notice it, but you won't feel much.
Now imagine if I wired that little shirt pin to the end of a long iron bar. Now I could drive that pin right through your heart. You see, the iron bar is the feeling, the passion, the emotion and enthusiasm you put BEHIND the words, that is what has impact.
Here is another example to illustrate this important point:
Imagine a yellow house set back behind a white picket fence with a long walkway up to the front door. On the fence door is posted: Beware of Vicious Dog. You have to make a delivery and get a signature. You see that sign and shivers run down your spine.
You creak open the fence door and get a few steps in and from the back corner of the house is the giant head of that vicious dog. He sees you, you see it and it comes charging at you, just missing your left ankle as you escape.
While you are contemplating your options, up strolls a little girl licking a lollipop. Sure enough she goes through the same fence door and starts skipping up the walkway to the front door... and the dog is wagging his tail licking her heels all the way.
What's the difference?
The dog sensed your fear and responded accordingly. The dog sensed the girl's joy and responded accordingly. Same dog, no words, different reactions.
Humans, like dogs, communicate through feelings. Just like a dog can sense fear (deceit, incongruence, lack of conviction), so can humans.
Have you ever had anyone say everything right, but you just knew they were lying? What they said sounded reasonable, but in your gut, you just knew they were lying. People think they can, but they can't really fool others.
I would say this is one of my greatest weaknesses and greatest strengths. I cannot lie, successfully that is. When I am uncomfortable, don't like something or disagree, it is written all over my face and my body language reeks of my true feelings. I (literally) cannot/will not play poker because of it. Yet, at the same time, if I believe in something with my heart, I can be very effective because I radiate, transmit and transmute that feeling of conviction and passion in my communication.
That is what I am recommending to you.
First, you cannot convince somebody of something you are not convinced of. You cannot sell something you have not bought wholeheartedly yourself.
Then, before you communicate (recruit, prospect, present) words to someone, be sure you rekindle and reconnect to your true emotion for what you're saying and then say it with the full passion and enthusiasm of your heart and soul--attach the iron bars of emotion to the straight pins of your words.
What will you do to reconnect with your convictions and feelings before you speak? What will you do to be sure you resell yourself before trying to sell another? Do that and thousands will march in the direction of your command.
Follow Darren Hardy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DARRENHARDY
More:

That One Overlooked Thing That s Killing Potential Startupsreddit
We all know the feeling. A wonderful idea pops into your head and it creates an instant "aha" moment. Within seconds your heart is pumping a little bit faster and your eyes beam with delight. You're so excited that you can't wait to tell everyone you know about this amazing new business, idea, project or book that you're about to birth.
You get to writing and fill your notepad up with "the vision" and just when you think you're all set to go, you make an error. That error is that you share this newfound vision with someone. Perhaps it's a friend, a family member, a work colleague or even an investor. You expect them to love the idea but instead they tell you that it's "not that great," "it'll never work," or they utter these beautiful words, "you'll never make money doing that!" Although your gut tells you to press on and turn this idea into a reality, you decide that this person is for whatever reason right. You listen to their words and you reluctantly agree. In doing so, you become one of the millions of people who have come up with incredible and potentially world-changing ideas but give up because they succumb to the beliefs of others. And now that dream, idea or vision which could potentially have been incredible, has now dissipated and no one will ever know if it could have made some sort of difference or impact in the world.
Most of us have let go of something that we were passionate about because we were either afraid of the response that it might receive or we simply listened and followed the advice of people that didn't quite understand our vision. Whilst you might not realize it, the truth is that when we act on the advice of others and dismiss our innate intuition, we end up destroying our creativity in the process. The very act of placing someone else's opinion above your own is one of submission. In essence, by dismissing your idea or tossing aside that project that you were so keen to get started on, you're placing a lesser value on your self-worth and are subconsciously telling yourself that your ideas are inferior.
As a small business owner or the founder of a startup, it's essential that you believe wholeheartedly in the value and power of your ideas and that you don't seek approval from others. It doesn't matter whether it's the highly experienced investor who's run several multimillion dollar companies or your best friend Bob who's never owned a business but loves to make suggestions about any and everything you're doing, the fact remains that the only opinion that matters when it comes to your business is your own.
As Steve Jobs said, "don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice." Therefore, be selective about whose advice you take and don't be afraid to follow your own intuition. It's there for a reason.
Follow Victoria Olubi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mycurlsuk
More:

How to Build an Online Profile That Leads to New Opportunitiesreddit
What's the first thing you do when you meet someone new? You search for them online. You may look at their LinkedIn profile, their company website, blog and maybe even their Facebook profile and Twitter account.
A quick online search of someone can tell you a lot of information and savvy business professionals and entrepreneurs know how to exploit this and use it to their advantage.
Your online profile, that is all the platforms that represent you and perhaps your business, has the power to influence potential new clients, business stakeholders as well as future employers.
So if you want to be seen in a certain light or position yourself as an industry expert, building a strong online profile is the best way to achieve this.
When building your online profile you should consider the following:
Personal branding
The key to creating an online profile that has the power to influence people is to develop and communicate a consistent personal brand across all your platforms. This unified brand is what will help you stand out.
Take some time to consider what it is you want to be known and respected for. Also think about the things that are unique and memorable about you. We are all unique and have our points of difference. Remember, people connect and buy emotionally, so there needs to be an emotional element.
The right online platforms
Deciding what type of platforms you will use to profile yourself is critical and will depend largely on your target audience, how they like to receive information and where they spend time online. With so many options to choose from, it's also a good idea to initially focus on one or two platforms before expanding to others.
For many business professionals, LinkedIn offers the opportunity to profile your business self as well as connect and network with others. However, don't just use LinkedIn as an online resume. Consider what your objectives are; are you trying to attract a certain type of new client? Or are you angling for a new career? This will impact how you use LinkedIn to really maximise its power.
Connect with online influencers
So you've done the hard of work of figuring out how you want to convey yourself and setting up your online channels, you may have even added your friends, family and colleagues as connections, but what next?
Think of social media channels like you would a networking function. You wouldn't stand in the corner alone at a business event and expect people to come to you. The best networkers are the ones who initiate conversations, share information and make lasting connections.  The same theory applies online.
Seek out people in your industry with developed online profiles and large followings and connect with them. Share their content, comment on their posts and maybe even send them a message from time to time. The benefits of this are twofold. Not only do you build meaningful relationships with people that are well connected, your visibility also grows. It's win-win.
Share value
By far the most important element of building an online profile is sharing. 100 per cent direct selling rarely works on social media. But what does work and can have a lasting and positive impact is building relationships. This involves sharing valuable information that the people you want to influence will benefit from. It's a 'them-first' approach that also puts you in a position of being the expert.
For instance, if you want to be seen as an innovative app developer in the B2B space, share content on the latest trends in this area. This might involve writing a blog about your approach, insights and learnings that others might benefit from. Share this blog posts on your social media channels along with other interesting articles from your industry. This is not about putting tickets on yourself, but positioning yourself as a thought leader and expert.
An online profile that is authentic, consistent and highlights your area on expertise can be extremely powerful in establishing yourself as a recognised expert. By being conscious about what and how you share information online, you can build a profile that helps you attract new business opportunities and be seen as a leader in your field.
About the author
Catriona Pollard is the author of From Unknown To Expert, a step by step framework designed to help entrepreneurs develop effective PR and social media strategies to become recognised as influencers in their field. www.unknowntoexpert.com
Catriona is also the director of CP Communications, which merges traditional PR tactics with cutting-edge social media strategies that engage consumers as well as business. www.cpcommunications.com.au
Follow Catriona:

My TEDx Talk Will Inspire You to Say Yesreddit
I recently had the most amazing opportunity to do a TEDx Talk and spoke on a topic close to my heart - being open to yes.
I decided if you are going to do TEDx, you should totally go there. So I did! I openly shared the challenges I have faced stepping into the spotlight and what I have learnt along way.
I hope it inspires you to step into your own unique spotlight.
I know first-hand what it's like in the shadows; you are not illuminated and you are not seen and not heard. You are not in the spotlight.
So many of us struggle with this, whether it's at work, at home or just generally in our lives.
Because the world we live in often only the extroverted or the loudest people get to tell their stories and have the opportunity to stand in the spotlight.
Think of people in the spotlight now, the stars who we are told to aspire to. Many are famous for just being famous. They are often inauthentic and do controversial things just to get attention, and once they are in the spotlight, they have nothing to valid say.
Redefining the spotlight
This is not the spotlight I am talking about. I think we should redefine what being in the spotlight means for each of us.
From my perspective the spotlight is a privilege and a responsibility. And it's not just for the loudest or the most controversial - it's where people that are extroverted, introverted or in between can find their voice and share authentic stories.
It's a place where we connect with our purpose and vision. It's not about being necessarily centre stage, it's about being heard.
And it's about having the courage to tell our stories and hear our own voices, no matter how big or small.
And it took a long time for me to understand I wanted to move from the shadows into the spotlight, but in my own authentic way and it all started with one word.
And that word was yes.
My story of yes
Let me tell you the story of how I got to that point of being open to yes. I went from being a child who at times was behind the scenes to building a very successful career in public relations where I've spent close 20 years putting other people in the spotlight.
I have put hundreds of leaders on centre stage and loved transitioning them and their businesses from the shadows into the spotlight so they are seen and heard.
But I was still standing off stage and keeping myself behind the scenes.
Then I had a profound realisation. I was watching one of my clients doing a TV interview sharing a very impactful story about the work they were doing with indigenous Australians.
I stood there in the TV studio, off to the side, behind the scenes and thought why am I not telling my stories? Why was I putting other people in the spotlight and not thinking I deserved to be there myself?
I realised I said no to things more than yes. I found that I was being asked to speak at conferences and business functions. The media wanted to interview about my work. But I just kept saying no.
I realised that when it came to the standing in the spotlight and allowing myself to be seen and my voice heard, I just refused to own it.
And on reflection there have been countless situations throughout my life which I ran away from or said no to because I had to stand in the spotlight. School head prefect, job promotions, speaking to large groups...there were so many.
It was a theme in my life. And it needed to change because I didn't want to continue to live my life in the shadows. I wanted to find my voice and connect with my purpose. I wanted to say yes. Almost as soon as I made that decision I accepted an opportunity to speak.
Stepping on stage
I was asked to present to 100 people on how to use PR and social media to build their personal brand.
So filled with panic and anxiety, I went to the venue so I could practice on the stage. I thought, "If I can just get up on stage before everyone gets there, I'll be able to imagine myself presenting to the audience. I'll be able to manage my nerves".
I found myself in tears, wanting to cancel the whole thing. Now I was even more nervous and deeply believed I couldn't do it.
I just didn't know how I was going to find my voice and change this theme in my life. I kept wondering what if the audience thought I didn't know enough or my story wasn't interesting enough.
At 6:00pm the room started filling up. People were full of expectation. They came to hear me speak and to learn from me.
I looked at my watch. It was 6:25. I thought do I run or do I stay? I knew it was time to change the theme. I knew it was time to step out of the shadows. But could I do it?
At 6:30 I walked up the stairs with the microphone in my hand, trying to not let my hands shake. I walked across the darkened stage and... into the spotlight. And do you know what happened?
I realised that I deserved to be in this very spotlight. I wanted people to hear me speak. I wanted my voice to carry across the room into the hearts and minds of the audience. Because I realised that it wasn't about me being in the spotlight. It was about you, the audience.
And because I had something to say. What I had to say could change their businesses, could help them get more customers. What I had to say could do so many wonderful things for so many people.
Who was I not to stand in the spotlight? Who was I not to share expert information?  Who was I not to have a voice?
And so I opened my mouth and words started to flow. I realised my voice had always been there. I just finally gave myself permission to speak.
It was the start of my journey out of the shadows into the spotlight. Since then amazing things have happened.
Yes leads to so many other yeses
Saying that first yes was like letting the genie out of the bottle. That first yes was the first of many yeses that were full of magic and wonder. Since then I have accepted speaking invitations around the world and have just had my first book published.
Through my work I have come across so many people who struggle with standing in the spotlight. It's not just for those of us that are introverted. I have come across the most extroverted people who struggle to be heard for who they really are and to step into their own unique spotlight.
In my own personal experience from working with people making the transition from the shadows into the spotlight - from unknown to recognised expert - this is what I've learnt.
Connect with your why
What is your deeper purpose? It takes courage to be truly seen and heard. And while we might want to have a desire to move into the spotlight, I believe it needs to have purpose. It's about letting our self-limiting beliefs collapse around us and ask the larger question of why.
I believe it's not about literary being in the spotlight. It's about synergy and connections that you create when you are there.
Be of service
I believe we all have stories to tell that will help others in some way. We have experience and expertise we have developed in our lives that should be shared because others will benefit from it. The world needs to hear what you have to say.
As soon as I realised that stepping into the spotlight wasn't about me, it was about you, and what you take away from hearing my voice, it really helped me because I realised I was being of service.
Be yourself
Moving into the spotlight is not about being someone you're not. Either is it about changing your personality. It's about allowing your true self to emerge from the shadows and being illuminated.
And it's not necessarily about striving and seeking, it can be about standing still and feeling the ground beneath your feet and allowing people to come towards you.
It's also about being brave enough to be vulnerable. When you are vulnerable you create connections with people because you are speaking your truth, and quite often it's their truth as well.
Believe in your stories
We live in a world where are encouraged to compare ourselves to others. As soon as we do this, we start living smaller lives. We start thinking our stories are not as important as theirs.
We need to have the confidence to know our stories are valid, not matter how big or small.
And finally, it's about being open to yes
Who are you not to shine your light? Who are you not to have a voice? Who are you not to make the world a better place?
It's not about becoming louder, it's about becoming bolder. It's about being open to yes.
Yes is magic. Yes is illuminating. Yes can open up opportunities you never even dreamed of.
So I'll leave you with a question.
What are you going to say yes to today?
Click to watch my TEDx Talk
About the author
Catriona Pollard is the author of 'From Unknown To Expert', a step by step framework designed to help entrepreneurs develop effective PR and social media strategies to become recognised as thought leaders and influencers in their field. www.UnknownToExpert.com . Catriona is also the director of CP Communications, which merges traditional PR tactics with cutting-edge social media strategies that engage consumers as well as business.

Oil dips below $70 after Saudi Arabia cuts pricePlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

China will have more warships than the U.S. by 2020  says reportBy Ishaan Tharoor December 5 Follow @ishaantharoor
A member of the Chinese navy stands next to Chinese navy warship as it prepares to leave for the search and rescue operations of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, at a port in Zhanjiang, Guangdong province March 9, 2014. (Reuters)
By 2020, the Chinese navy will have more military vessels than its American counterpart, predicts a U.S. congressional commission on China. An annual report presented to Congress by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission projected that Beijing's fleet could boast as many as 351 vessels in six years time, a figure that would be larger than current estimates for the American navy.
China's well-documented naval expansion includes a considerable increase in submarines; its number of nuclear submarines is projected to nearly triple between 2000 and 2020. China recently launched its first aircraft carrier. Its unveiling new destroyers as well as amphibious assault vessels. It has developed significant missile capabilities aboard its fleet. Since 1989, the Chinese military's budget has grown by double-digit percentages each year.
The growth of China's navy comes at a time when the U.S. has, according to some critics, conspicuously cut back for budgetary reasons. "Given China’s growing navy and the U.S. Navy’s planned decline in the size of its fleet, the balance of power and presence in the region is shifting in China’s direction," the commission reports .
But that hardly means China is able to match up to U.S. capabilities, particularly given the considerable advantage the U.S. has with its sizable fleet of aircraft carriers and a wide range of other clear technological strengths .
But China's gains are subtly changing the calculus in the region, spurring other regional powers into an escalating arms race . For decades, the U.S. has guaranteed security in the Pacific, but that Pax Americana appears untenable, at least in the long view of China's military strategists.
An expanding Chinese navy may not be a direct challenge to the U.S. But as tensions over disputed islands and waters flare in Asia, it raises questions to what degree Washington is willing to commit itself to allies and check China's advances. Six years from now, let alone six decades, that delicate balance will be all the more precarious.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

South Africa marks one year since the death of  Madiba  Nelson MandelaBy: Agence-France Presse | Johannesburg |
Posted: December 5, 2014 2:38 pm
South Africans on Friday began marking one year since the death of Nelson Mandela with services, blasting of vuvuzelas and a cricket match to honour his enormous legacy as an anti-apartheid icon and global beacon of hope.
An interfaith service kicked off the day’s events in Pretoria, at the Freedom Park building dedicated to the country’s liberation heroes.
“Twenty years of democracy has been possible because of Mandela,” tribal chief Ron Martin said as the sun rose over the Pretoria hills and the smell of herbs burning in spiralled antelope horns wafted over the ceremony.
Veterans of the anti-apartheid struggle attended a wreath-laying ceremony at the base of a five-metre statue of a smiling Madiba, the clan name by with South Africans affectionally call their nation’s favourite son.
“The body gave in but Madiba’s spirit never, never changed, it was always the same until the end,” Mandela’s widow Graca Machel said before laying a huge wreath of white flowers with pale pink roses at the base of the statue.
“Madiba is, in spirit, the same even today,” said Machel. “I know Madiba is smiling, Madiba is happy because he is amongst the family he chose to build.”
Later in the day, bells, hooters, vuvuzelas and sirens will chime, honk, blow and wail for three minutes and seven seconds — followed by three minutes of silence: a six-minute and seven-second dedication to Mandela’s 67 years of public service.
A long list of other events were set to take place into the weekend and beyond dedicated to Mandela, including motorcycle rides and performances.
South Africans were also finding their own ways of remembering the former president who led their country out of the dark days of apartheid after enduring 27 years in prison.
For example, tattoo studios in the country have reported an ever-growing demand for Mandela-inspired ink.
Fellow Nobel Peace Prize laureate Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu called on South Africans to emulate Mandela’s example in a statement to mark the anniversary.
“Our obligation to Madiba is to continue to build the society he envisaged, to follow his example,” Tutu said, referring to Mandela by his clan name.
“A society founded on human rights, in which all can share in the rich bounty God bestowed on our country.
In which all can live in dignity, together. A society of better tomorrows for all.” The iconic leader passed away at the age of 95 last year after a long illness.

SpiceJet cracks 14% as financial woes grow; Jhunjhunwala keeps faith even as FIIs exitSpiceJet nosedives over 14% as financial troubles grow; Jhunjhunwala keeps faith, FIIs exit
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.28PM IST
0
Share More
The stock nosedived in trade to hit its intraday low of Rs 15.90. It recouped some of the losses but was still trading 11.8 per cent lower at Rs 16.30 in trade today. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet Ltd slipped as much as 14.05 per cent in trade on Friday, after Airports Authority of India (AAI) decided to withdraw credit facility relating to user fee to already financially-troubled SpiceJet at all airports from Thursday midnight.
The stock nosedived in trade to hit its intraday low of Rs 15.90. It recouped some of the losses but was still trading 11.8 per cent lower at Rs 16.30 in trade today.
The airliner has also cut the size of its fleet to 22-24 Boeing planes from 35 in September and will maintain that for 'the near and medium term', its chief operating officer told Reuters, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
The airline, which has lost money for five consecutive quarters, had intended to reduce the size of its fleet for a short time and then start expanding again early next year, but has decided that it must stay smaller for longer, Sanjiv Kapoor said.
Even though crude prices have fallen sharply, which constitutes over 40 per cent of operating cost of most airliners, SpiceJet has been touching lower levels largely on account of balance sheet stress.
Despite financial hurdles, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route earlier in the month of December for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece.
However, today's stock movement pushes the stock below the average buying price of Rakesh Jhunjhunwala 1.4 per cent stake.
A look at shareholding patter suggests that FIIs have been paring stake in the airlines for the past two quarters, as per BSE India exchange data. They brought down their stake from 0.95 per cent in the March quarter to 0.82 per cent in the September quarter.
The fall in crude prices is a big positive, but that's not helping Indian airliners much, which are burdened with high financial stress or high debt on the balance sheet. Besides, rising competitions and falling margins are some of the factors which are weighing on the stock.
"Fuel costs approximately 45% to 55% of the revenue of domestic players. A 4% reduction in the fuel cost may potentially add around 2% to the operating margin," says Deep Narayan Mukherjee, Senior Director - Corporates at India Ratings.
"However, given the competitive intensity among existing players, with new players coming in or expanding their scope, it is possible that another wave of price war starts, in which case airlines' balance sheet will continue to bleed unabated," he adds.
There are two reasons for low investor interest in India's aviation companies. First, their negative net worth implies that the liability of the company is higher than its assets.
"At the end of FY14, Jet has a negative net worth of Rs 4,288 crore while SpiceJet has a negative net worth of Rs 2,028 crore at the end of September 2014 quarter," ET reported. High debt on their balance sheet is another worry.
"Jet, for instance has a debt of Rs 8,615 crore at the end of FY14 while SpiceJet's debt at the end of September quarter stood at Rs 1,486 crore. Given this, investors are shying away from these stocks," added the ET report.
Analysts too are not very gung-ho on the sector and recommend investors to look at stocks in other sectors which can deliver decent returns.
"Largely in the aviation space, I see that the reaction will be a little muted, because in these stocks, the momentum and volumes indicators are not as significantly favouring these stocks," says Sahil Kapoor, Chief Technical Analyst, Edelweiss Securities.
"You may have some bounce backs and a rally which will be short-lived, but a larger trade mostly will not be present in this space. So I would not recommend any medium term play in the aviation space for the trading bet on the oil crash," he adds.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Malaysian Airlines gets new CEO  shares set to be delistedMalaysian Airlines gets new management, shares to go off trading from Dec 15
Reuters     Kuala Lumpur   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 17:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Trading in shares of Malaysian Airline System Bhd (MAS) will be suspended from December 15, the first step towards the struggling airline's delisting from the stock exchange as part of a government-led restructuring.
State fund Khazanah Nasional Bhd , the majority shareholder in MAS, plans to take the airline private by the end of the year. This is part of a 6-billion-ringgit ($1.8 billion) restructuring aimed at returning the carrier to profit within three years of the de-listing.
MAS recorded its worst quarterly loss since late 2011 in the third quarter as passenger numbers and yields dropped further after the loss of two jets in separate incidents this year.
Khazanah, Malaysia's sovereign wealth fund, said on Friday it has appointed the CEO-designate and made other leadership appointments for the new company called Malaysia Airlines Bhd.

Church threat to Congress: Changing liquor policy would prove costly in electionsWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:20 pm
A day after Chief Minister Oommen Chandy told the Assembly that the new liquor policy would undergo necessary changes considering practical and legal aspects, Kerala Catholic Bishop Council’s Anti-Liquor Movement threatened the Congress government with electoral setback.
While addressing a meeting of the movement in Kottayam, its chairman Bishop R Inchananiyil said the shift in the liquor policy of the government forced them to believe the allegation that finance minister K M Mani has accepted bribe for renewing liquor licence of hotels. “We had not believed the allegation that Mani had taken bribe from bar hotel owners. But, the government decision to bring in changes in the liquor policy makes us believe the allegation. The government would face setback in the coming elections, ’’ said the bishop.
The local body elections in Kerala is slated for next year, which would be followed by assembly elections.
Mani, chairman of Christian-dominated regional party Kerala Congress, is a member of Catholic Church. The Bishop is a known as a Congress sympathizer.
Earlier, while the Congress government was planning to allow renewal of licence to eligible among the 418 bar hotels, Cardinal Clemis of Malankara Catholic Church had threatened to bring down the government if it went ahead with the plan to open 418 bars. The threat from Cardinal came while the excise department was inspecting 418 bars for their facilities as per a direction from the high court.
While the Cardinal was addressing the gathering in front of the state secretariat, Congress state president V M Sudheeran had too echoed the same view at that time. A few days after the Church threat, Congress government came out with a new liquor policy, which planned closure of non-five-star bars and total prohibition in ten years.
A similar situation has emerged soon after the government announced in the assembly that it would make some necessary changes in the liquor policy considering the crisis of employees at the bars. The Church is exerting pressure on the Congress government not to water down the new liquor policy. This time also, KPCC chief Sudheeran is also backing the Church stand to win a score over Chief Minister Oommen Chandy. Sudheeran said there is no need to change the liquor policy. Total prohibition is Congress stand, he said.

Amazon launches its own line of ethical diapers and other home productsBy Hayley Tsukayama December 5 Follow @htsuka
Amazon.com announced Thursday that it's launching into a whole new world of ethically sourced, Amazon-branded products for the home -- starting with diapers and baby wipes. And with that move, it's forecasting what may be an interesting shift in its brand.
The move into ethically sourced products seems to be a direct response to firms such as The Honest Company, actress Jessica Alba's eco-friendly home goods venture . The Honest Company has raised more than $120 million in funding and has tapped well into the consumer movement of wanting products that promise to be good both in terms of quality and ethics.
But it's not all about getting into the baby market. After all, Amazon is already in the baby product business with its Diapers.com, a site it acquired in 2010 after an aggressive pricing war . (Amazon's chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, is also the owner of The Washington Post.) But with Amazon Elements -- available only to members of the company's Prime program -- Amazon is indicating that it knows consumers are looking for something else. Elements products will have a QR code printed on the package that users can scan with their smartphones. That will bring up information in a users' Amazon app on where the product came from and how it was made.
“The two things customers told us they want are premium products that meet their high standards, and access to information so they can make informed decisions,” Sunny Jain, the company's vice president of consumables, said in a statement. "We’ve leveraged our strengths in technology to bring customers an unprecedented level of information about these products, all with just the click of a button.”
The move comes at a time when Amazon is pushing to get known more as a goods producer than simply a retailer. This fall, it announced its largest batch of product launches ever, with a half-dozen new tablets and e-readers and even a smartphone -- though that device, admittedly, has failed to take off.
With the phone, as with its Fire HDX line of tablets and the recent Kindle Voyage e-reader, Amazon has attempted to position its products more as a premium choice. That's a departure, in part, from its former product philosophy, which was essentially to sell super-cheap gadgets and profit from the content people bought through them.
In fact, Amazon Elements products are a little more expensive than their counterparts because of the way they're produced. Rather than have its labeled products be cheaper and "generic," Amazon may be looking to this experiment as a new way to burnish its name.
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
 

Infy focuses on acquisitions  entering new s...Infosys focuses on small acquisitions, entering new segments
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.54PM IST
0
Share More
Infosys is focusing on entering new segments and acquiring small innovative companies as the company looks to get its industry bellwether status back.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Country's second largest software services firm Infosys is focusing on entering new segments and acquiring small innovative companies as the company looks to get its industry bellwether status back.
Speaking at analysts meet, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said the company will look at firms working on "technologies of tomorrow" like artificial intelligence (AI) and automation for acquisition.
"Of course our key focus is our own organic growth, our renewal from within, but we believe that it is necessary to complement this with an active inorganic strategy as well," Sikka said.
For acquisition, Infosys is looking at companies working on technologies like AI, automation, Internet of Things (IoT) as well as collaboration and design technologies.
Sikka, who took over as Infosys CEO in August, said the IT company is focusing on renewing its core business as well as building new capabilities like design thinking, which will help the 33-year old firm regain industry bellwether status.
"We are also looking at underpenetrated segments as well as some geographic regions but not only from the perspective of just buying services companies in those areas but looking at innovation that can be brought with that focus," he said.
He added that the Bangalore-based firm would continue its global engagement with the start-up ecosystem.
"Start ups are great young ones and we have been working with start up companies to bring them to our clients, to invest in them and to extend their capabilities with our own engineering and other operational services," Sikka said.
Following a laggard financial performance, Infosys had brought its co-founder N R Narayana Murthy back from retirement to head the firm.

Controversy over Sadhvi s caste  Opposition says she is not a DalitDec 05, 2014 at 05:29pm IST
Controversy over Sadhvi's caste, Opposition says she is not a Dalit
56
0
New Delhi: Amidst the hullabaloo over the abusive remarks of Union Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, a controversy has also arisen now over her caste and her background. While the BJP leaders maintained that the Sadhvi was a Dalit, the Opposition contested that claim and said she came from the Other Backward Caste (OBC) category.
Modi made a statement in the Lok Sabha on Friday to appeal to the Opposition for allowing business to be held in the House. He said the Minister has apologised and the matter should be set to rest. Pointing towards the Minister's background, the PM asked the members to be magnanimous and accept her apology. He said she hails from a village, implying she had made the comments without due thought.
The PM said, "The Minister has apologized. She is new and we are also aware of her social background. She comes from a village...It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology, we should be magnanimous."
Modi made a statement in the Lok Sabha on Friday to appeal to the Opposition for allowing business to be held in the House. He said the Minister has apologised and the matter should be set to rest. Pointing towards the Minister's background, the PM asked the members to be magnanimous and accept her apology.
#sadhvi niranjan jyoti #pm narendra modi #parliament #lok sabha
The BJP leaders went a step ahead and said the Sadhvi was, in fact, a "poor Dalit". Rajya Sabha MP Tarun Vijay said, "They are not allowing us to raise any issue because they are arrogant. They are disrupting Parliament's affairs. They should have let all these democratic issues that concern the common people to be discussed but they are after the life of a poor Dalit woman who has apologised and who has taken back her words."
The Opposition hit back and contested the claims of the PM and Vijay. BSP supremo Mayawati said, "She is from the backward class not Dalit or Schedule Caste (SC). She is from Nishad community. If the PM says look at her background, she cannot hold a constitutional office and abuse it...Make someone else from that community a minister if the government wants to represent that community. Laying the blame on an entire community because of one person's remarks is not right."
Congress Rajya Sabha member Hanumanth Rao too slammed the BJP for highlighting the Sadhvi's background and caste. "I request the government to bring a Bill which pardons all the crime done by weaker sections. But till such an Act comes, we want her resignation. During the UPA time, we had removed a number of ministers. NDA too should remove her and let the House function," he said.
The Opposition even staged a walk out after the PM's statement. Nine opposition parties later issued a joint statement, blaming the government for the impasse. They, however, also indicated that they may allow the House to function on Monday.
17

Politics of farm loan waivergrip APPolitics of farm loan waiver grip AP
Ch. R. S Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Dec 5:  
The politics of farm loan waiver has gripped Andhra Pradesh as the ruling Telugu Desam Party and the opposition YSR Congress Party are engaged in a fierce game of oneupmanship over the issue.
In fact, the issue has been a bone of contention between the two parties right from the time of election campaign to the State Assembly earlier this year, with the Telugu Desam Party promising to waive off all farm loans and the YSR Congress Party dubbing it a false and unrealistic promise.
Telugu Desam came to power as the farmers voted for the party in large numbers and since then there have been high expectations that the TDP Government would keep its promise. But after the bifurcation of the State the newly-formed TDP-BJP Government found itself on a stickly wicket, saddled with a budget deficit of Rs 16,000 crore. It has become a huge task for the TDP Government to fulfil its promise of waiving off all farm loans, with no help forthcoming from either the Union Government or the RBI. There has been delay in taking any steps on the promise.
However, on Friday this week the Chief Minister, N. Chandra Babu Naidu, announced in Hyderabad the guidelines for implementing the waiver scheme. Farm loans up to Rs 50,000 would be waived immediately and those above the limit would be waived in phases. Funds would be released to the commercial banks for the purpose and bonds would also be issued to meet the obligation, the Chief Minister announced. He promised that the loans given to the self-help groups of women would also be waived at a later stage, as promised by the TDP in the election manifesto.
State-wide dharna
However, the Opposition YSR Congress Party commenced a state-wide agitation programme from Friday in protest in the State, with the YSR Congress Party Y.S Jagan Mohan Reddy launching the agitation here in front of the district collector's office.
Y.S Jagan Mohan Reddy accused the TDP Government of cheating the farmers and women of the State by making false and unrealistic promises. "The State Government has so far allocated only Rs 5,000 crore for the waiver scheme, whereas more than Rs 1 lakh crore is required for waiving all the farm loans and loans taken by the self-help groups of women. The State is stuck with a budget deficit of Rs 16,000 crore. It is for Mr. Chandra Babu Naidu to tell the public clearly by what trick he will conjure up the funds required for fulfilling the promise. Already, 87 farmers have committed suicide in the State and the CM should own responsibility for it," he alleged at the public meeting here on Friday.
He said he would go on a fast on the issue on January 6 and 7 and after Sankranti he would visit the families of the farmers who committed suicide.
The Chief Minister and the other TDP leaders are accusing the YSR Congress leader of politicising the issue as his party had lost the election and he was left with no other issue.
Regardless of the political tussle, the farmers of the state are waiting for relief from indebtedness.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Forex reserves up $1.43 bn to $316.31 bnForex reserves up $1.43 bn to $316.31 bn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
India’s foreign exchange (forex) reserves grew $1.43 billion in the week ended November 28 to $316.31 billion.
Foreign currency assets, which form a bulk of the total reserves, grew $1.42 billion during the same period.
Gold reserves remained unchanged at $19.73 million.
Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) and the country’s reserve position in the International Monetary Fund rose by $6.4 million and $2.5 million, respectively.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal soonDec 05, 2014, 06.57 PM IST  | Source: PTI
EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal soon
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the equity of profit-making public sector blue chip companies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal soon
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the equity of profit-making public sector blue chip companies.
Post your opinion here
 
Retirement fund body EPFO will discuss a proposal to invest a part of its over Rs 6 lakh crore corpus in equities in the meeting of its trustees on December 19.
"We will deliberate on the issue in the next meeting," said Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya, who also heads EPFO's apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees (CBT). According to the agenda circulated for the 205th meeting of the CBT scheduled for December 19, the trustees would deliberate on investment challenges in the changed economic scenario.
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the equity of profit-making public sector blue chip companies. During an informal meeting of the non-official EPFO trustees with the then Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar in October this year some trustees, particularly unionists, had suggested investment in shares of profit-making public sector firms.
Some other unionists, or employees' representatives, on board of the CBT had reservations about investment in equity in view of volatility in stock markets. In last meeting of the CBT held in August, the proposed pattern of investment by the finance ministry was discussed and the board was not in favour of investing in equities and exchange traded funds (ETFs).
The CBT had decided to recommend making the pattern more flexible to further increase the percentage of investment in government securities. The finance ministry has been pitching for investing a small portion of EPFO funds in the equity markets to maximise returns.
The Finance Ministry had allowed the EPFO to invest up to five percent of its funds in equities in 2005 and enhanced the limit to 15 percent in 2008. A recent notification by the labour ministry allows the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in money market instruments, including units of mutual funds and equity-linked schemes regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
The EPFO has more than 50 million subscribers across the country. It provided interest of 8.75 percent on PF deposits in 2013-14. The EPFO trustees have recently decided to keep the rate  at the same level during the current fiscal as well.

Govt invites suggestions for completion of Jan DhanDec 05, 2014, 06.51 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt invites suggestions for completion of Jan Dhan
Suggestions can be given on www.mygov.in even as 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme as on December 1.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt invites suggestions for completion of Jan Dhan
Suggestions can be given on www.mygov.in even as 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme as on December 1.
Post your opinion here
 
Government today invited suggestions from public for the successful completion of ambitious financial inclusion programme, Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana.
Suggestions can be given on www.mygov.in even as 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme as on December 1.
Meanwhile, Madhya Pradesh has reported 100 percent saturation (coverage of all households with at least one bank account) as on November 30. There were 1.53 crore Households of which 1.03 crore Households were having bank accounts. An official statement said that in Madhya Pradesh, 49.96 lakh new households were covered and 58.64 lakh accounts were opened.
Goa, Kerala, Tripura and Union Territories of Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep and 19 districts of Gujarat had already covered all households under PMJDY with at least one bank account, it added.
It further said 8.39 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY as on December 1, 2014 and RuPay Cards have been issued in 5.32 crore accounts. As per survey results, 85.20 per cent household coverage has been achieved, the statement added.
RELATED NEWS

BJP-Shiv Sena rule in Maharashtra after 15 years; 20 ministers inducted24
0
Mumbai: BJP and Shiv Sena are ruling Maharashtra once again after 15 years with the induction of ten ministers from Shiv Sena in the 35-day old Devendra Fadnavis-led government in Maharashtra on Friday.
Sena's joining the BJP government now is unique, because this is the first time a party sitting in the opposition albeit for a short duration is switching the sides. Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao administered the oath of office to 20 ministers, including 10 from BJP. Ten cabinet ministers, five each from BJP and Sena, were sworn in.
Cabinet ministers who took the oath were Girish Bapat (BJP), Girish Mahajan (BJP), Diwakar Raote (Shiv Sena), Subhash Desai (SS), Ramdas Kadam (SS), Eknath Shinde (SS), Chandrashekhar Bawankule (BJP), Babanrao Lonikar (BJP), Dr Deepak Sawant (SS) and Rajkumar Badole (BJP). Ministers of state sworn in were Ram Shinde (BJP), Vijay Deshmukh (BJP), Sanjay Rathod (Shiv Sena), Dada Bhuse (SS), Vijay Shivtare (SS), Deepak Kesarkar (SS), Raje Amrish Atram (BJP), Ravindra Waikar (SS), Dr Ranjit Patil (BJP) and Pravin Pote (BJP).
BJP and Shiv Sena are ruling Maharashtra once again after 15 years with the induction of ten ministers from Shiv Sena in the 35-day old Devendra Fadnavis-led government in Maharashtra on Friday.
#shiv sena #bjp #maharashtra government #devendra fadnavis
Two more Sena ministers are expected to take oath during the next cabinet expansion, possibly after the winter session of the state legislature.
When Fadnavis was sworn in as the Chief Minister on October 31, nine other ministers, all from BJP, took oath. No Sena minister was sworn in then, as talks between the two parties, which had contested the Assembly polls separately, were inconclusive.
NCP had offered "unsolicited" outside support to the BJP government, which won a trust vote earlier this month. Sena president Uddhav Thackeray and his family members were present today to witness his partymen, who were wearing saffron phetas (turbans), being sworn in.
RPI leader Ramdas Athawale and Shivsangram leader Vinayak Mete, whose parties were BJP's pre-poll allies, were also present. However, no one from these two parties was sworn in. Congress and NCP leaders, who had attended the October 31 ceremony, were conspicuous by their absence.
The last time BJP and Sena were in power was during 1995-99 when it was the Sena which was in the role of 'big brother' and had the Chief Minister's post while BJP had Deputy Chief Minister's post.
This time, the roles have been reversed; however Sena does not even have the solace of having one of its leaders as Deputy Chief Minister as Fadnavis yesterday said the ministry won't have this post.
Announcing the formation of a 'yuti' (alliance) government here yesterday, Fadnavis, flanked by senior Sena leaders, said the two parties had decided to run the government in alliance "to honour the sentiment of the people who want to see the Sena and BJP work together for Maharashtra".
After the 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance broke up just before the October elections, Sena consciously targeted its former ally during the election campaign.
With BJP failing to achieve a simple majority in the elections and Sena getting nowhere close to the number needed to form the government, revival of the alliance became imperative for both.
33

International crime pays  but one has to wait a little.The BBC reports:
The European Court of Human Rights says France violated the rights of Somali pirates who had attacked French ships and has ordered compensation for them over judicial delays.
The nine Somali pirates should get thousands of euros because they were not immediately brought before a French judge, the court ruled.
One is to get 9,000 euros (£7,000) and the others sums of up to 7,000 euros.
The judges faulted France for keeping them in custody for an extra 48 hours.
The pirates had held French citizens hostage after seizing a French-flagged cruise ship and a French yacht in 2008.
Given that the average per capita income in Somalia is around $600, the decision could only incentivize piracy. This must have been the best 48 hours of their lives. Nor is this the first award given to Somali pirates by European courts on human rights grounds. I predicted problems like this, resulting from the collision of the old-fashioned international law against piracy and modern human rights law, in my article ‘A Guantanamo on the Sea’: The Difficulties of Prosecuting Pirates and Terrorists.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

SpiceJet shares hit air pocket  slump nearly 14%Hi Guest
SpiceJet shares hit air pocket, slump nearly 14%
Shares of SpiceJet slumped almost 14 per cent on Friday amid reports that the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has decided to withdraw credit facility to the low-cost carrier, even as the company denied any such move. The sharp plunge in its share price also came a day after the Union Civil Aviation Minister Gajapathy Raju said problems at SpiceJet was giving "heart attacks" at a time when the entire sector was going through turbulent weather. After plunging 15.13 per cent to Rs 15.70 in ...

Need different e-comm models that can co-exist: AmazonIndia’s regulatory environment needs to be clearer, says e-tail giant Amazons India VP and Manager Amit Agarwal. In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Malvika Jain, Agarwal spoke on ways to remove bottlenecks for the sector.
Below is the transcript of Amit Agarwal interview with CNBC-TV18’s Malvika Jain
Q: On GST…
A: It would be good to see thought around how inter state movements of goods can be easier. Goods and service tax (GST) is a great example of something that could enable that, that could make it easier for the small medium sellers and manufacturers to move their goods which today is cumbersome. You can make payment regulations that make it very easier for customers to pay.
Today the balance between convenience and safety introduces friction. You could also have a bit different e-commerce models out there to co-exist and work with out regulations. Many of these manufacturers we talk about and they tell this all the time, they are focused on building great products, great awesome products; they really don’t want to become retailers. They want to get shelf space and internet is the infinite shelf space so an ability for e-commerce platform to invest working capital to source from them and make it available to customers. If something like FDI was allowed, it would give customers more choice, more access to these manufacturers and these fly wheel would spin even faster.
Q: Do you feel that the sort of e-commerce growth that we are seeing in India is some sort of a bubble which might burst very soon?
A: The good part about thinking long-term which is what Amazon does is you do not have to worry about short-term deviation. So, I have no idea and I am not a good predictor of short-term. However, I can tell you in the long-term this is transformative and that is what we focus on. So, Amazon as a company knows that in the long-term customers would care about selection. They would care about low prices they would care about convenience and that is not going to change. As long as we are investing in those three pillars we are okay.
RELATED NEWS

Stephen Colbert slights Fox News over Eric Garner caseBy Erik Wemple December 5 Follow @ErikWemple
As reported here previously, Fox News has cast a skeptical glance at the decision of a Staten Island grand jury not to indict NYPD officer Daniel Pantaleo for his involvement in the July death of 43-year-old Eric Garner. As noted in this space , host Greta Van Susteren criticized the decision in light of the fact that Garner was being approached by the police for the small-time crime of allegedly selling untaxed cigarettes. On his show, King of Cable News Bill O’Reilly said he was “extremely troubled” by the video of the incident.
Yet Stephen Colbert, on his eponymous Comedy Central show, notes that Fox News is guarding against the lumping of this incident with other cases of police officers coming away unpunished after incidents involving black citizens. “You could view yet another non-indictment of a white police officer for the death of an unarmed black man as part of a larger, troubling trend. Or, you could be Fox News.” Colbert then showed footage of: Fox News host Neil Cavuto saying, “The officer is white, the victim was black. As you might suspect, this incident is already, already drawing comparisons to the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo.”; O’Reilly saying, “Statistics don’t say there’s a pattern.”; “The Five” co-host Greg Gutfeld saying, “This is not about race discrimination, and I don’t think it should be lumped together with any other trends that are going on.”
Those comments, said Colbert, were “well said … I am angry at the idea this is a trend. It is not a trend; it’s just a series of incidents that share common characteristics.”
In other Colbert news, the host announced that he will interview President Obama at George Washington University on Monday. Colbert’s last show at Comedy Central will be Dec. 18 ; he takes over CBS’s “Late Show” next year.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

President Obama will be one of Stephen Colberts last guests on The Colbert ReportBy Emily Yahr December 5 Follow @emilyyahr
(screengrab from Comedy Central)
Stephen Colbert has scored a fairly major guest for one of  the final episodes of “The Colbert Report” : President Obama will appear on the show on Monday, Dec. 8.
Colbert will be in Washington to tape a special episode he’s calling “Stephen Colbert Presents: Mr. Colbert Goes to Washington D.C. Ya Later, Legislator; Partisan is Such Sweet Sorrow: A Colbert Victory Lap.”
The show is being filmed at George Washington University, is open to students only and yes, it’s already sold out. Colbert urged everyone to reserve a seat in their own living rooms, now.
“Nation, I cannot overstate how huge this is,” Colbert said when he made the announcement on Thursday night’s show. “The size of the hugeness? Large. I am so honored to be sitting down with the man who sat down with Bill O’Reilly .”
This will be Obama’s third visit to the show ; he last appeared in 2009. “The Colbert Report” wraps up for good on Dec. 18.
(Watch the rest of the Obama announcement here .)
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

US economy adds 321 000 jobsUS heads for best jobs growth year since 1999
Robin Harding in Washington and Michael MacKenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d41dff28-7c83-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Allan Border wants home team to play hard-edged Australian brand ofcricketBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:13 am
Former captain Allan Border wants the current team to play “hard-edged Australian brand of cricket” in the memory of Phillip Hughes but at the same time urged them not to get involved in some heavy duty sledging with the Indians during the Test series starting December 9.
Border went to the extent of saying that the present side will be “more mellow for a short term” due to the tragedy that hit Australian cricket last week.
“The Aussies must return to their aggressive,intimidating brand of cricket – but tone down the sledging. Iexpect Darren Lehmann and his players to make a team edict to “go hard” at the Indians in the Adelaide Test. It may be easier said than done, especially for the fast bowlers,”Border was quoted as saying by ‘Courier Mail’ today.
“But I reckon Lehmann will be in the ear of his players, telling them to play a hard-edged Australian brand of cricket in memory of Phillip Hughes. Phillip would not have expected anything different. That being said, I don’t expect there will be much chirping in the middle from the Aussie players. This is not the summer to get involved in heavy sledging,” the World Cup winning skipper made his point clear.
The gritty left-hander of yesteryears said that he doesn’t expect a series like the ill-tempered Ashes last time where Aussie captain Michael Clarke had threatened Jimmy Anderson to get ready for a broken arm.
“I am not expecting a repeat of the scenes of the Ashes last summer when Michael Clarke told Jimmy Anderson to get ready for a broken arm. This will be a more mellow Australian side, especially in the short-term.”
Border said that in the wake of Hughes’ demise, the players might “feel guilty” if they are seen smiling or laughing on the field.
“It is going to be tough for the players to feel like they are enjoying their cricket because they will feel guilty if they are seen smiling and laughing on the field,”

BJP contesting polls with development of J&K in mind: RamMadhavWritten by Arun Sharma | Jammu |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:58 pm
Admitting that they have come to the people of Jammu and Kashmir with a new proposition, Bharatiya Janata Party national general secretary Ram Madhav in an apparent reference to party’s silence over Article 370 of the Indian Constitution said that they have refined their thinking so as to allow development take over the old discourse.
Speaking at a seminar on BJP’s development vision on Friday, he said “BJP has come to the people of the state during polls with a new thinking. We have tried to change the political discourse in the state by coming up with a new proposition’’.
Usually political parties talk of giving peace a chance in the state, but we have come with the proposition that “let us give development a chance’’, he pointed out.
However, the other parties want to have the same old discourse and they want to drag us also into it, Ram Madhav said, adding that “we are not scared of that discussion. However, we have refined our thoughts to let development discourse take over everything’’.
Pointing out that the BJP was not apologetic for changing its political discourse, he said that “we have felt that some issues are of national relevance and they have to be discussed nationally. During the Lok Sabha polls, the party raked up all national issues including some relating to the state, he said, adding that every issue has its own relevance and it has to be taken up at an appropriate level and at an appropriate forum.
The BJP has come up with development centric discourse as it felt that assembly elections shall be contested keeping in mind the present situation of the state as the people here are not only the victims of old discourses and old issues, but also the biggest sufferer in matter of development. Six decades after independence, the state lags far behind in the matter of development as compared to other states of the country, he pointed out.
Who is responsible for it? he asked, adding that some may hold the Centre responsible, while others may accuse the state government. “We believe the major responsibility for the present situation facing the states is squarely on the successive state governments,’’ he added.
In this context, the BJP leader referred to rampant corruption by successive state government s. Last year, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah visited the Planning Commission demanding allocation of Rs 10,000 crore annual budget for Jammu Kashmir. As Congress had a coalition with National Conference in the state, the Planning Commission was liberal enough to allocate it Rs 8,000 crore annual budget, he pointed out.
“Proportionally, it is higher than the planning support given by Planning Commission to any other state in the country,’’ he said. “We have no complaint about it. Jammu Kashmir needs financial support and it is the Centre’s responsibility to help it in continued…

Millions evacuate as Typhoon Hagupit bears down onPhilippinesBy: Associated Press | Tacloban |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:57 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 12:51 pm
Haunted by Typhoon Haiyan’s massive devastation last year, more than 600,000 people fled Philippine villages and the military went on full alert Sunday to brace for a powerful storm only hours away from the country’s eastern coast.
Typhoon Hagupit Filipino for “smash” or “lash” was expected to slam into the central Philippines Sunday morning and hammer parts of a region where Haiyan’s tsunami-like storm surges and ferocious winds left more than 7,300 people dead and missing in November last year. The typhoon slightly weakened Saturday but remained dangerously powerful and erratic.
“We’re on red alert so the entire Armed Forces is being mobilized for this typhoon,” Gen. Gregorio Pio Catapang, head of the 120,000-strong military, told a news conference after discussing last-minute preparations.
Army troops deployed to supermarkets and major roads in provinces in the typhoon’s path to prevent looting and chaos and clear debris, all of which slowed the government’s response last year, Catapang said.
Although it’s unlikely to reach Haiyan’s unprecedented strength, forecasters said Hagupit’s maximum sustained winds of 185 kilometer (115 miles) per hour and gusts of 220 kph (137 mph) were strong enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides and cause heavy damage to communities and agriculture.
In central Tacloban city, where Haiyan’s storm surges killed thousands and leveled villages, news of the approaching typhoon rekindled painful memories among survivors. Many readily fled to storm shelters, a sports stadium and churches even before authorities urged them to evacuate.
“I’m scared,” said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. “I’m praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven’t recovered from the first.”
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
More than 600,000 people have been moved to safety, including in Tacloban. A U.N. humanitarian agency spokesman, Denis McClean, said in Geneva it was one of the largest peace time evacuations in Philippine history _ similar to the 1 million people who were moved last year along India’s coastline before Cyclone Phailin hit.
Nearly 100 domestic flights have been canceled and inter-island ferry services suspended, stranding thousands.
“We’ve not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated,” regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. “Their trauma is still so fresh.”
In Tacloban, residents stacked sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald’s store was closed and boarded up to prevent a repetition of Haiyan’s deluge that shattered glass panes and doors of business establishments, allowing looting by desperate survivors.
Disaster preparations widened after two agencies tracking the typhoon closely _ the U.S. military’s Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency _ predicted different directions for Hagupit.
The U.S. agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep continued…

PIL in High Court against Shiv Sena joininggovtBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 7:50 pm
A Public Interest Litigation against Shiv Sena joining the Maharashtra government was filed in the Bombay High Court on Friday. The matter will come up for hearing on December 8.
The petitioner has asked the court to direct the respondents, including Speaker Haribhau Bagade, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Leader of the Opposition Eknath Shinde (who resigned and was sworn in as a minister on Friday), to prevent the Opposition from joining the ruling benches. The petition says the Sena, after seeking the Opposition leader’s post in the Assembly, engaged in “horse-trading and merchandising activities for forming an alliance government” with the BJP.
As a no-confidence motion cannot be brought within six months of the government winning the trust vote and as the ruling party cannot be brought down to the Opposition benches during this period, the petition contends, the “opposition party cannot change its status within the same period to switch over to the ruling benches; that too for the sake of cabinet berths”.
It further seeks framing of rules to prevent the Opposition leader from joining the cabinet in any capacity for the same period.

Demystifying Hybrid CloudAccelerate India |  Dec 05, 2014, 07:47 PM 0thIST
Demystifying Hybrid Cloud
Mandar Kulkarni
Cloud is all-pervasive. With the advent of cloud services and service providers, different cloud computing models are evolving. While private and public cloud models are commonly used across industries, it is hybrid cloud that is fast gaining prominence given the numerous possibilities it offers.
So what is Hybrid Cloud? Simply put, it is an environment which combines two or more unique computing environments, out of which at least one is a Cloud computing environment. It is the two variables – "computing environment" and "combines" which make Hybrid Cloud very interesting. 
Let’s explore few popular combinations of "environments" in Hybrid Clouds:
Physical environment and Public Cloud: This is a gateway to cloud for traditional enterprises by providing a way to leverage their existing environments and by addressing their security and functionality concerns regarding core applications. For example, a bank keeping core banking environment on legacy RISC based machines, while web servers, messaging & collaboration applications and other workloads running on public cloud. This configuration also allows customers to extend their corporate IT security and governance framework to the new public cloud workloads as well This type of cloud allows enterprises to begin their cloud journey without touching legacy applications.
Private Cloud and Public Cloud: Organizations which have already begun their cloud journey using private cloud can take the next step by connecting / extending their private cloud environment to public cloud. Suited for enterprises with existing investments in IT Infrastructure who want to start getting Public Cloud benefits like pay-per-use, quick scalability and more. This helps organizations improve the cost and delivery time using public cloud. It also helps handle periodic / unpredictable workload changes.
Physical environment and Private Cloud: Typically used by Government departments with strict security regulations such as defence where no data can be hosted outside the organization’s perimeter. Second use case is traditional enterprises with no cloud adoption. This deployment many times becomes a precursor of exploring public cloud option.
Though this is a less than optimal scenario, few highly regulated verticals see these kind of configurations. They benefit from resource optimization and automation of private cloud by moving all their cloud ready workloads to it. Some of the legacy applications remain physical, but more and more workloads, especially as these organizations embark on application refresh cycle, move on to cloud. This also sets them up for possible public cloud adoption in future.
Public Cloud and Public Cloud: Typically used by Born-in-Cloud SaaS / ecommerce / media / gaming companies. They build their application stack combining many available cloud based solutions -- IaaS / PaaS / SaaS -- mainly from single cloud service provider, but in many cases they use different services from different cloud service providers as well.
These organizations are heavy users of cloud. They build their entire IT delivery using cloud ecosystem.  This gives them required flexibility and agility to scale up and down as per demand and also create a model of payment for IT services, directly linked with revenue.
Private Cloud and Private Cloud: This is more of extended enterprise IT architecture where two or more "separate" private clouds are connected. Ideally, multiple virtualization technologies should be brought under one cloud management system to enable optimal use of IT resources, but sometimes cases like mergers & acquisitions, completely disconnected IT teams (across departments or group companies or geographies), etc. result in these kind of configurations.
There are limited befits of this kind of configuration. By connecting two different private cloud IT automation – monitoring, capacity planning, deployment is enhanced. This approach is generally taken as an intermediate step before moving to single cloud management after a merger or integration of two functions. But to really exploit full benefits of private cloud a single unified cloud management is recommended.
Connected to Each Other
For an environment to be classified as true Hybrid Cloud, it needs to pass few criterions of connectivity. Following is the high level overview of them:
Permanent Secure Connection: This is a minimum requirement. For two environments to be classified as hybrid cloud, they need to be connected over a network providing a permanent and secure connectivity – application connectivity, data transfer and management.
Movement of Workloads: One of the key drivers for hybrid cloud is movement of workloads. You should be able to move workloads between your two environments – from one cloud to another and vice versa. There are multiple ways to do this and there are multiple use cases where this could be extremely useful – cloud-bursting, dev/QA to production movement and quick creation of testing environment using production templates.
 
Single Management Overlay: For an environment to be truly hybrid cloud, you need single monitoring and management overlay giving you view and control of your IT environment spread across clouds – monitoring, management, provisioning, workflow automation, movement of workloads and capacity planning.
With many flavours and flexibility of hybrid cloud, it is well and truly on the way to becoming a mainstream architecture of future IT environments.
(The author is Director, Cloud and Datacenter Programs, Microsoft India)
CIO Interviews
400+ Stores in 81 cities ... more »
Related Articles
Top 10 Cloud myths busted
Article

PIL challenges Sena move to join BJP Government in MaharashtraDec 05, 2014 at 06:26pm IST
PIL challenges Sena move to join BJP Government in Maharashtra
12
0
Mumbai: A day when Shiv Sena formally joined the BJP Government in Maharashtra, a public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Bombay High Court challenging the saffron party's "illegal" move.
Shiv Sena, which until Thursday was main Opposition party in Maharashtra Assembly, became part of the BJP- led Government in the state on Friday. Ten Sena legislators joined the Council of Ministers headed by Devendra Fadnavis.
The Sena's move was against the House rules as members of an Opposition party cannot switch over to the treasury benches at least for six months after a trust vote is won, contended the PIL, filed by activist Ketan Tirodkar.
A day when Shiv Sena formally joined the BJP Government in Maharashtra, a public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Bombay High Court challenging the saffron party's "illegal" move.
#shiv sena #bjp #maharashtra government #pil
The PIL was mentioned by the petitioner before a Bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah, who decided to hear it on December 8.
The PIL prayed Assembly Speaker Haribhau Bagde and Chief Minister Fadnavis be directed to frame rules to prevent Sena MLA Eknath Shinde, Leader of Opposition till yesterday, from taking up Ministerial post for a period of six months. The petition also sought a direction from the court to the respondents to bar the Opposition members from joining the ruling benches for a period of six months.
Last month, the BJP Government won confidence motion by a voice vote in the Assembly. At that time Shinde was Leader of Opposition. The Sena has now joined the Government. This step was "not legal", the petitioner contended. Once a trust motion was passed in the Assembly, the
Government was not required to prove its majority again for a period of six months, according to rules. Hence, a no-trust motion cannot be brought within six months from the date of earlier motion (November 12), said the petition.
The PIL said the ruling party cannot be unseated within the next six months. Similarly, an Opposition party can't change its status within the same period and switch over to the treasury benches, and that too for the sake of Cabinet berths.
Meanwhile, a single Bench of the HC today declined to hear another petition, also filed by Tirodkar, challenging the Assembly Speaker's decision to go in for a voice vote instead of a division of votes (head count) during the trust motion. "Not before me", said Justice Vijaya Tahilramani. The petition would now come up for hearing on December 8 before the Bench headed by Chief Justice Shah.
4

3 armymen from 24 Punjab  5 from 31 Field Regiment martyred while eliminating terrorists in UriDec 05, 2014 at  08:59pm IST
3 armymen from 24 Punjab, 5 from 31 Field Regiment martyred while eliminating terrorists in Uri
45
0
Uri: It has been a testing day for Jammu and Kashmir with four terror strikes in different parts of the state.
In the first encounter that lasted for nearly 12 hours, security forces successfully killed all six terrorists who tried to enter an Army fortification in the Uri sector.
However, eight Army men, Lt Col Sankalp Kumar, Hav Subhash Chand and L/Nk Gurmail Singh of 24 Punjab, while Nk Panna Lal, GNR Manpreet Singh, DMT Kuldeep Kumar, GNR Satnam Singh and L/Nk Sukhwinder Singh of 31 Field Regiment lost their lives in the gun battle.
The Uri encounter started in the Mohura area at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to storm an Army fortification.
#jammu and kashmir #uri encounter #indian army #terrorists
The Uri encounter started in the Mohura area at around 3 am on Friday morning when six terrorists tried to storm an Army fortification. A senior Army officer Lt Col Sankalp Kumar and six jawans were killed in the gun battle. Three senior police officers who were supervising the operation have also been killed in the encounter.
The terror attacks come even as two phases of the Assembly elections are over and three others are still scheduled. Uri and the nearby Baramulla area will be voting in the third phase on December 9.
39

Human Rights Commission s notice to Punjab over botched-up eye surgeriesmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sale of 5 per cent SAIL share gets government over Rs 1700 croreDec 05, 2014 at  07:42pm IST
Sale of 5 per cent SAIL share gets government over Rs 1700 crore
22
0
New Delhi: The Union government has garnered Rs 1,715 crore from sale of its 5 per cent stake in steel giant SAIL. The government's 5 per cent share has been sold at a floor price of Rs 83 per share.
The sale of 5 peer cent stake in SAIL is only a part of the government's divestment plan. The NDA government's disinvestment plans also include 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the company to meet Sebi's listing norms.
The SAIL offering is the first PSU share sale under the new government, which targets to raise Rs 43,425 crore through share sales in various state-owned firms during the ongoing fiscal.
#sail #narendra modi #centre #finance ministry
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them. 2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to BSE data.
"Retail investors category was... hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the statement added. A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the GDP in the current financial year.
Government has lined up a host of PSUs to pare holdings. The disinvestment plan includes 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India and 11.36 per cent in NHPC. SAIL is probably the first OFS in which stock exchanges are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The Union Cabinet had in July 2012 approved a 10.82 per cent stake sale in SAIL. Accordingly, the first tranche of disinvestment of 5.82 per cent was completed in March 2013.
(With inputs from PTI)

Eyes-on with LG s game-changing 4K OLED TVLG 65EC9700 4K OLED TV Review
With 4K resolution and OLED quality, LG has raised the bar to incredible new heights.
$11,999.99 65 in.
10.0 score Tested by Experts
The LG 65EC9700 is better than 100% of the televisions we tested.
It is better than 100% of the televisions we have tested under $12,000 .
It is better than 100% of the UHD televisions we have tested.
It is one of five OLED televisions we have tested.
This product is scored relative to other tvs we've tested. Learn more .
# of televisions Product Score This graph shows the LG 65EC9700’s score compared to other televisions we tested.
Lee Neikirk
December 04, 2014
For the last year or so, there have been two mutually exclusive choices in high-end TVs: OLED panels and 4K resolution.
First-generation OLED TVs from LG and Samsung delivered incredible contrast performance and picture clarity unrivaled by anything on the market, but topped out at 55 inches and 1080p resolution, vastly limiting consumer choices. Though it's the spiritual successor to plasma—the previous TV tech of choice for videophiles—first-generation OLEDs risked obsolescence in a market prepped for 4K content.
On the other side of the coin, UHD (4K) TVs—offering four times the resolution of those OLED TVs—are an inevitable next step in display tech, and have quickly become available from major manufacturers in almost any size you can imagine. Yet save for a couple of full-array backlit models, most 4K TVs are still held back by the performance pitfalls of edge-lit LED technology, excelling in pixel count, but not contrast, color, or motion.
As the first 4K OLED on the market, the LG 65EC9700 (MSRP $11,999.99) is incredibly exciting. This marriage of the newest innovations in display tech yields truly breathtaking picture quality, the best we've ever seen. The addition of LG's award-winning webOS platform and the TV's super-slim design is just icing on a very tasty cake.
This is clearly an aspirational product, with a price to match. But realize that this is not merely the flagship product for LG; this is the vanguard product for the TV industry. The future has arrived.
The Picture
As close to perfect as a TV gets in 2014
If you're a TV or movie lover, you know how important the smallest details are: from cinematography to choreography, you want to watch content—not the TV it's playing on. If realistic colors, rich contrast, and cleanly preserved action are the bread and butter of a high-quality viewing experience, the EC9700 is practically a bakery.
As we expected based on previous OLED models, this LG's inky black levels are completely, truly dark, providing the most realistic representation of night scenes and deep shadows on the market. Put the LG beside anything but the best plasma TVs and there's no contest; this is how your content was meant to be enjoyed.
This is par for the course with OLED TVs, but the EC9700 also sets itself apart with a reserved luminance level that doesn't get overly bright save for the showroom-only "Vivid" mode. While that'll make the EC9700 a sub-par choice for brightly lit rooms, the lessened luminance helps balance out the previous issues we've seen with OLEDs involving aggressive light limiting and uneven gamma performance. And given that this is a TV meant for premium home theater setups with appropriately dim viewing conditions, the loss of brightness is hardly a major concern.
Absolute black levels help content stand-out, making for a very immersive viewing experience.
We've heard consistent complaints about OLEDs exhibiting dodgy panel uniformity and image retention. Essentially, low- and middle-gray OLED screens can look uneven or criss-crossed with retained patterns, which is (obviously) rather ugly. The reduced light output of the EC9700 helps stem this issue a bit, but it's also something that clears up over time. After two days of breaking in, I noticed that the EC9700 was dimmer at the sides of the screen than the middle, and that full screen mid-tone grays were rather uneven-looking. After running it another night, however, the edges brightened to nominal levels, and the uneven, retained images were gone. To put it simply: Give the TV a few days to get into its groove when you first boot it up.
This LG's black levels are completely, truly dark, providing the most realistic representation of night scenes and deep shadows.
The EC9700's biggest improvement compared to previous LG OLEDs, however, is that you don't need to calibrate it to get a world-class setup. In the ISF Expert 1 picture mode, I discovered the best out-of-the-box white balance results I've seen all year, coupled with accurate hues and just a touch of extra saturation in the red and green primaries. In real life, this translates to clean-looking gray and white tones side-by-side with very rich, colorful hues. LCDs in particular tend to struggle to keep errant colors from marring the neutrality of grayscale elements—not so the EC9700. It makes for a very impressive and satisfying image, to say the least.
The EC9700 produces whites and grays with perfect accuracy out of the box, resulting in an extremely realistic picture that deftly mimics reality.
While most of this TV's best performance points owe their prestige to the OLED panel, LG's 4K upscaling process deserves some praise, too. I watched a few Full-HD (1080p) Blu-rays upscaled to 4K, and was impressed with the image and motion clarity. Older content like The Fifth Element had the same "painted" look that we saw on the Vizio P Series , where content looks a bit stretched and over-sharp. On the other hand, newer films like The Dark Knight look so good that I forgot that the movie wasn't 4K after a few minutes—the hallmark of good upscaling and higher-quality film transfers.
Additionally, the 4K resolution gives the EC9700 a leg-up over previous OLEDs for a number of reasons. First of all, normally visible motion artifacts and noise are 75% harder to perceive, as 4K pixels are 75% smaller than their Full-HD counterparts. Secondly, the tiny pixels also make it possible to sit closer to the screen—when you're only a couple of feet away, the curve starts to makes sense. The end result is a viewing experience that surpasses both 1080p OLEDs and 4K LCDs, as it should.
The EC9700 does a good job upscaling 1080p content to near-4K appearance—but native 4K content looks best.
The EC9700 is best-suited for a dark or very dim home-theater style setup, but it can flourish in sunny environments too—though you may want to use the Vivid picture mode in very bright environments. Don't be afraid to wall-mount this TV, either: The subtle curve may make extreme off-angle viewing a bit dodgy, but the TV's horizontal viewing fidelity is just as good as previous OLEDs.
For more detailed test results, charts, and hard data, check out the Science Page .
Advertisement
The Looks
This TV's stunning picture is complemented by a fragile, elegant design.
Over the last decade, flat-panel designers have shaved away extraneous bulk, slimmed the bezels around screens, and shrunk down built-in speakers until they're almost invisible. The 65EC9700 is the epitome of that disappearing act—it's mind-bogglingly thin, with practically no bezels to speak of, and it perches upon a thin, curved metal branch that readily disappears in low-lighting. In short, in the right conditions you're left with nothing but a big, beautiful screen.
The EC9700's super-thin black bezels and curved, hollow stand disappear in low lighting, giving the impression of a huge screen floating in space.
The EC9700 is also curved—a point of some contention amongst reviewers and consumers both. Though we are still skeptical of the benefits of a curved screen, curved OLEDs at least retain contrast and color performance from off angles with no backlight uniformity issues, since there's no backlight in the first place. What's more, the subtle curve is something of a structural necessity because OLED TVs are so thin. In our experience the curvature doesn't add to the viewing experience, but it doesn't take away from it either.
The EC9700's slight curve helps stabilize the panel, which is extremely thin—about the width of a few stacked credit cards.
Whether you dig the curve or not, at least the TV offers an ample suite of video and audio ports. You'll find one HDMI and three USB inputs to the side of the screen for convenience, and three more HDMI inputs, shared component/composite inputs, digital audio out, LAN (ethernet) in, a coaxial jack for cable/antenna, and an RS-232c control port on the back of the TV.
Like other OLED models, the EC9700 is extremely thin—less than half the width of a quarter.
Among the rear inputs, HDMI 1 is HDCP 2.2 compliant; HDMI 2 is the ARC (Audio Return Channel); and HDMI 3 supports 10-bit/12-bit chroma sampling, i.e. color depth. The side input (HDMI 4) is MHL (Micro High-definition Link) compliant, meaning you can play content from a smartphone or tablet through it. All four HDMI inputs support 4K at 60Hz (the best way to render UHD footage right now), ensuring that the EC9700 is fully-equipped for native 4K content as it becomes more widely available.
In the box, LG includes the motion-controlled Magic Remote (with batteries), an owner's manual, polishing cloth, 3D glasses, splitters for the component/composite inputs, and a 4K-capable HDMI cable. In keeping with this TV's posh bearing, everything is neatly packaged in individual boxes—it's a nice touch.
Comparable Products

President Obama to Nominate Ashton Carter as Next Secretary of DefenseHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Cramer: Jobs non-Goldilocks number
This is what the Obama economy looks like  in 2 chartsBy Philip Bump December 5 Follow @pbump
The release of the November jobs report Friday morning offered good news for the economy writ large ( big job growth , still to be adjusted) and therefore for President Obama. Obama has now observed the release of about three-quarters of the jobs reports that fell under his jurisdiction — 23 more until the presidential election! — meaning, as a corollary, that we now have a pretty good sense of how his tenure will be viewed.
Democrats and the president rightly focus on the big picture, the sweeping upward curve of overall jobs since the recession ended. Raw job counts aren't everything , but they are clearly important: More people working is a good thing. Here's the net change in jobs — both overall and for a few key sectors since Obama took office.
Because the economy is so big and so diverse, individual numbers tend to get hard to see in comparison to the overall trend. Health care stands out (here including social assistance workers); it has seen growth month after month after month. (Thank the aging population and the trend of increased health spending.)
When you look at the figures as percentage change since January 2009, it becomes more interesting.
As with everything else (except federal government jobs at Census time), the oil and gas industry sank with the recession. Since then, however, it has skyrocketed, as the expansion of fracking has resulted in thousands of new jobs, many of them in North Dakota. You can see the steady increase in health-care jobs — one of the few sectors that wasn't slowed as the economy tanked.
Three other things to note. Government jobs, federal and overall, are still well below levels that existed when Obama took office. You can see the dip in federal jobs (the dark blue line) thanks in part to the sequestration early in 2013. Also worth noting is construction, the line at the bottom of the chart. Construction jobs have increased slowly since the bottom of the recession, but are still nowhere near where they were in 2009.
And then there's coal mining. There are not a lot of people who work in coal mining, only about 76,000 as of the most recent jobs report. That means that small shifts in headcount have a large effect on percentage. Coal mining fell with the recession, rose again — and keeps sliding downward. It serves as a good point of punctuation to an assessment of Obama's record. Coal jobs have fallen in part because coal extraction has become more automated and more difficult, as easily accessible veins are exhausted. But symbolism (as we saw in Kentucky this year) can have an outsized political effect.
The Obama economy has been one of job growth, especially in sectors like health care and oil drilling. But it's safe to predict that candidates in 2016 will talk about coal mining and construction.
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

KRS-One  Sound of Da Police: The Week in One SongComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Live video: President Obama names new secretary of defense
BofA-ML sees 0.25 per cent rate cut by RBI in FebThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Painting competition at Tihar to promote Swachh Bharat AbhiyanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex ends in red; pharma  tech  oil & gas downThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

People involved in power theft should be punished: UP GovernorThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Stakeholders to Work Together to Make Indian Railways Much Better in Next 3 to 4 Years: Suresh Prabhu  Investors  Meet  Organised to Discuss PPP & FDI IssuesWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Stakeholders to Work Together to Make Indian Railways Much Better in Next 3 to 4 Years: Suresh Prabhu     'Inves...
The Ministry of Railways Shri Suresh Prabhakar Prabhu, today organized an Investors Meet in Rail Bhawan to discuss various issues pertaining to Private Investment in rail sector especially PPP and FDI issues. Chairman, Railway Board, Shri Arunendra ...

Jan Dhan Yojana: suggestions invited for successful completionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Myanmar  Bangladesh have potential for economic integrationThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

DGCA raps SpiceJet for large scale flight cancellationsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deadly air raid hits Libya militia on Tunisia borderThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aray bhaii when problem rpower main nahin hain!! problem anil ambani k...New Member
4 Followers
those betting big on the Sasan would responsible for rpower stock`s fall once the sasan results are out.
4000 MW*1.19*24 HR*365 DAYS*.94 Plant availability =3,919crore annual revenue assuming India`s highest 94% plant availability.
Ab jo running cost hai wo alag,
debt pe interest alag,       Agar profit hi ho raha hota to tariff revision ke 4 plea nahi kar rakhe hote
aur 1.19 pura profit bhi nahi hai usbpe atleast .45 ka operating cost to ana hi hai, phir baki pe tax bhi lagna hai,sirji, 3900*(1.19-.45)/1.19*.70=       mushkilse 1500 crore / annum bachte hain ,          ab Rs.27000 crore ka loan bhi chuckana hai sir ,   25 saal ka hota hai life cycle loan chuckane ke baad bachega kuch??????
wait for sasan phase2 announcement, samalkot and tariff revision plea rpower going to reach Rs.110-120.

Dear what`supji  i have never disappointed you. have i it`s arrow coa...37 Followers
Dear Whatsupji,
It seems you are just looking at 52 week high and low. Please read my message carefully. Check the price on 2nd Aug 2013 - it was 12.42, a day before it was 11.83. Current Market Price is 347. Now please do the calculation. I hope you would not be disappointed now.
Earlier I have told you that you will find it hard to get me wrong with Balance Sheets. An extension of that would be I have great affinity to numbers.
Again just to be clear, I don`t own even a single share of Arrow Coated Products. I am less fortunate, but I am happy.
Cheers,
In reply to : whatsupji message
11.07 AM Dec 6th

Dlf ibull unitech are doing extremely well.hold and accumulate for s...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Excellent company.will cross 100 before march.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Start-ups are helping lower health-care costsDipak Mondal        Edition: November 2014
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Health-care costs can break your back, especially if you are diagnosed with a critical illness such as cancer. Insurance can cover a part of the cost. But associated expenses on consultation, diagnostic tests and medicine can leave your finances in a shambles.
Clearly, health insurance alone cannot help you. Fortunately, there's help from some start-ups, which are using technology and 'out-of-the-box' thinking to lower health-care costs.
Whether it is bringing together different health-care providers  such as doctors, hospitals, clinics, diagnostic centres and pharmacists on one platform, providing home and preventive care services or integrating health records with electronic discount cards, these start-ups are doing it all.
The result is easier access to health care at lower prices. For example, cancer patients can now get chemotherapy at home, and that too at 30-40% lower prices.
Till a few years ago, it was impossible to think of such advanced medical treatments at home. But technology is helping start-ups offer advanced treatments at home at prices that are much less than what private hospitals charge.
We discuss some start-ups/companies in this space and how they are revolutionising the delivery of health care.
PORTEA MEDICAL
What it does: Started by serial entrepreneur K Ganesh, who launched ventures such as TutorVista, IT&T and Marketics, Portea Medical provides medical care at the doorstep. The offerings include services of nurses, doctors, physiotherapists and attendants. It also supplies medicines and equipment and conducts diagnostic tests at home.
"Though India has world-class tertiary (private) medical services , it does not have much in terms of homecare services. We have noticed that a patient needs to go to a hospital for just 30% problems. For the rest, home care can work. We are targeting that 70%," says Ganesh. Unlike most start-ups, which simply aggregate service providers, Portea has hired doctors, nurses and physiotherapists. It has a total of 1,000 employees. Ganesh says it requires a lot of training to deliver these services, which is not possible through part-timers Portea provides services in 18 cities and handles 20,000 home visits every month.
How cost effective it is: While home visits by doctors and nurses are not cheaper, those opting for home care after discharge from hospital can save up to 50%, says Ganesh.
"Typically, when a person stays in a hospital, there are a lot of attendant costs for things such as stay and food. The cost of treatment and travelling to the hospital for check-ups after discharge is additional," he adds. Ganesh says the biggest benefit of home care after discharge is not monetary saving but reduction in the risk of secondary infections (which patients are exposed to in a hospital.) "With secondary infections picked up in hospitals, patients have to be readmitted in up to 10% cases. In many cases, the complications can be serious," he says.
Portea also provides chemotherapy for 30-40% less than what hospitals charge. Take routine chemotherapy that needs to be given every month and takes about one hour to administer. The cost of drugs as well as admission, doctor, nursing and ancillary charges works out to be nearly Rs 25,000 (on the lower side) in an average private hospital compared to Rs 16,000 if the treatment is given at home.
K Ganesh, Co-founder & Chairman, Portea Medical, Photo: Nilotpal Baruah
Case Study / 65yrs (Requested Anonymity)
Bangalore
Background: The patient is suffering from cancer, which has spread to bones, lung and liver. It is at an advanced stage. Treatment includes an injection every month and anti-cancer, bonedirected therapy that reduces the spread of the cancer and adds calcium to bones. In case of treatment at a hospital, the patient needs to be admitted in the morning, with discharge after injection taking at least five hours, including admission and discharge procedure. In addition, the patient stays at a considerable distance from a multicare hospital and so has to travel 45 minutes to one hour one-way. Over the past few months, the patient has undergone treatment from the hospital twice. However, the patient found this challenging. The last four doses have been delivered at home through Portea.
ADVANTAGES OF PORTEA'S SERVICES
< Patient doesn't have to travel
< The care givers' (in this case, brother and sister-inlaw) routine is not disturbed
< Treatment can be given on holidays and at a time that's convenient to the patient, unlike in a hospital where treatment over the weekend is not ordinarily possible
< Receiving treatment at home is comfortable for the patient; lab samples prior to the injection can be provided at home and reports delivered over the email.
< Costs are significantly reduced (Rs 10,000 less) depending upon the cost of the drug
MEDECURE
What it does: It is an online aggregator of healthcare service providers in 17 cities. It helps patients find doctors, hospitals, clinics and diagnostic centres and connect with them through telephone, online chat or e-mail. The service providers are listed based on speciality, location, qualification and experience. Medecure was started by Ketan Raiyani, a chartered accountant and a technology enthusiast, in 2011. Raiyani had earlier launched the tax management portal taxsmile.com.
"We provide an easy way for taking appointment with doctors, getting queries answered by experts and availing of services offered on the platform like diagnostic, treatment and home care. Essentially, MedeCure provides choice, convenience, savings and community support to users," says Raiyani. It also provides home care and health check-up packages.
MedeCure charges a subscription fee from doctors and health-care facilities. It does not charge anything from customers who use only its aggregation services. However, it charges for health check-up and home-care services.
How cost-effective it is: MedeCure, being a facilitator and aggregator, has a lot of negotiating power. It, therefore, provides services such as consultation, investigation and treatment at reasonable prices. Since this is an alternative channel for acquiring customers, health-care providers agree to offer their services to MedeCure users at reduced charges.
"The referral practice is rampant among health-care providers. Referral charges account for 35-40% fee. The fee that we charge from service providers is much less than that. This helps us offer services at lower prices," says Raiyani.
Naznin Sayed / 29 yrs
Pune
Background: Naznin Sayed approached MedeCure via phone to enquire about facilities in the Camp area of Pune city for getting a GI endoscopy done. MedeCure gave Naznin details of Dr Kayamkhani, an expert gastroenterologist. An appointment was booked for getting the endoscopy done.
Naznin, being a student was concerned about the cost of the procedure. MedeCure was able to speak to the doctor and get her a 25% discount on the basic cost.
ADVANTAGE OF USING MEDECURE
CHOICE - Verified expert/facility with credible experience and infrastructure
CONVENIENCE - Easy appointment booking and coordination for smooth delivery of services.
COST - Discount on diagnostic tests
Ketan Raiyani, Founder-Director, Medecure, Photo: Rachit Goswami
MEDICAL SECOND OPINION
What it does: It offers second opinion through a panel of acclaimed Indian and international doctors either through teleconferencing or OPD centres in Tier-II cities. It has opened OPD centres in Jaipur, Patna, Indore and Jammu where doctors from big cities fly down to see patients.
Founded by Sachin Choudhury, Medical Second Opinion has renowned doctors such as Naresh Trehan, Devi Shetty and Sajan Hegde on its panel. It has 200 Indian and five international doctors across 11 specialties. The consultation charge for each doctor is the same as his/her OPD fee.
Among the other offerings are health cards and electronic health records. Health cards get you discounts on consultation, diagnostic tests and medicines, while the electronic health record facility enables a customer to save his health reports on a cloud-based platform so that he can keep track of his health. The health record service is offered free to anyone who has a health account.
How cost-effective it is: For a person living in nonmetros, where good doctors are in short supply, going to Delhi or Mumbai for consultation can mean a big expense on travel, food and lodging. Medical Second Opinion has sought to address this problem by opening OPD centres in Tier-II cities and flying down doctors there. The patient can consult a metro-based doctor by paying just the consultation fee.
Sachin Chaudhary, founder and CEO, Medical Second Opinion, says they have brought down the treatment cost to one-tenth in many cases.
Sachin Choudhury, Founder & CEO, Medical Second Opinion, Photo: Shekhar Ghosh
HEALTHINDYA
What it does: The company calls itself a one-stop solution for all medical needs. Like Medecure, it is also an aggregator of hospitals, doctors, laboratories and clinics. It has 5,000 doctors and 80 affiliates (hospitals, diagnostic clinics and pharmacists) on its panel across the Delhi-NCR region.
"Based on users' need, we prescribe the best doctors, hospitals and diagnostic centres in and around their locality. We have empanelled doctors and hospitals based on our own ratings and user reviews," says Sandeep Gudapati, the head of India operations and an IIT-Roorkee alumnus. HealthIndya was founded by US-based Ashish Dhar.
Dhar also heads another start-up called Grand Opinion, which provides second opinion services. The start-up has big plans for electronic personal health records. It is looking to integrate the records with health discount cards. Gudapati says health records will be stored in chip-based cards.
HealthIndya is also planning to launch health cards which will double up as cashless health insurance cards. At present, its services are free for users. It charges service providers for using its platform. cost saving: Users get 20% discount on choosing service providers from the panel.
Ashish Dhar (right), Founder, and Sandeep Gudapati, India Head, HealthIndya, Photo: Nikhil Verma
Non-traditional approach
Though the health-care industry in India is growing at 15% a year, affordable health care remains a distant dream for millions.
Technological advancements have made it possible to treat many incurable diseases of the past. However, as equipment has become more sophisticated, costs have also shot up. Quality doctors remain scarce and, hence, are accessible only to those who can pay them well.
In the absence of a concrete health policy, private players have chipped in and improved the infrastructure. But they are driven more by profit than social motives.
How can we get out of this situation? Probably we need to change the traditional approach and think smart. These start-ups/entrepreneurs are showing us the way.
"The traditional approach has not worked so far. In such a situation, these non-traditional methods are welcome," says Charu Sehgal, senior director, consulting, strategy and operations, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.
She feels that the government has to change the role it is has played traditionally (provider of health care) and instead become a financier of health care by providing people health insurance so that they can pay for the services themselves.
A lot of effort has been made towards shifting the focus from tertiary care to preventive and primary care. Some start-ups and entrepreneurs are working towards making preventive health care more accessible.
"Preventive health check-ups help in early detection of a disease which otherwise can become life-threatening and cost a lot," says Amol Naikawadi, joint managing director, Indus Health Plus, a preventive health check-up company.
@dipdown80

Is Long-Term Plan Best for Repaying Student DebtEmail
I fear many student loan borrowers are flunking out when it comes to choosing the right repayment plan. Here's a quick quiz to test your repayment smarts:
You have about $29,000 in federal student loans. (The average was $28,400 last year for borrowers who attended a private four-year nonprofit school.) You're single and your adjusted gross income is $25,000.
Paul Sakuma / AP file
What student loan repayment plan is best? The standard 10-year plan or a long-term one with debt forgiveness at the end?
What's the best repayment plan?
A. The standard 10-year plan that will require monthly payments of nearly $300 a month. After 10 years the loan is completely paid off. You are done!
B. An income-based plan that can set your initial monthly payment below $20 and after 25 years of payments your remaining balance is forgiven—you are no longer on the hook for any remaining balance.
I bet you think B is the way to go.
Not so fast.
Although enticing, a low monthly payment, income-contingent plan that forgives any remaining balance after a set period can end up costing you plenty. 
For starters, interest payments over 25 years are going to cost you more than interest payments over a 10-year loan term. Using the same loan assumption from above, total interest payments over 10 years would be around $6,100. Under the Income-Based Repayment plan (IBR), interest payments would be more than $26,000 over the 25 years until the loan is forgiven. Add the principal payback and your total all-in repayment cost under the plan is around $35,000.
Video: Personal finance experts Jean Chatzky, David Bach, and Farnoosh Torabi tackle viewers’ financial questions, including whether to consolidate student loans with a private lender, and the best strategy for getting rid of credit card debt.
Even though the IBR starts you with a lower monthly payment, the cumulative effect of payments and interest payments over 25 years ends up costing you more than $43,000! 
But wait, it gets worse. Under current law, any remaining balance that is forgiven after 25 years will be treated as taxable income in the year it is forgiven. Yep, you will get a 1099-C tax form that notifies you that the unpaid balance was reported to the IRS, which in turn is going to expect you to pay income tax on it.
Using the same example once again, the forgiven balance is more than $12,000. Even if your salary that year is low, adding $12,000 to your income could likely push you into a higher tax bracket. We don't know what tax rates will be in 25 years, but even if I am generous and assume you'd somehow still be in a super low 10-percent bracket, that's an extra $1,200 to settle with the IRS, bringing your total loan costs to nearly $45,000. Or about $10,000 more than what you'd owe under the 10-year repayment plan. (For recent borrowers with loans taken out after June 30, 2014, there's a new repayment plan called Pay as You Earn through which, like IBR, if you qualify, your initial payments are low. After 20 years or repayment the remaining balance is forgiven. But the same tax hit applies.)
I hope that opens your eyes to the true cost of opting for a long repayment schedule. I highly encourage you to play around with the government's  Student Loan Repayment Estimator. You can get customized estimates based on your actual outstanding loans, and the costs under different repayment plans based on your income, family size and where you live. (Eligibility for income-based plans is based on state-level income cutoffs. For the above example, I assumed a single resident of Illinois with $25,000 in adjusted gross income.) 
I totally understand how hard it may be to consider the higher payments that come with a 10-year repayment plan. But I want you to think long and hard about whether you can pull this off. Not only will you save a lot of money in the long run, you will have this debt completely paid off in 10 years. That's a nice load off your finances and your conscience. Or you might consider working in a public service job that makes you eligible for the  Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program . After 10 years of on-time payments your loan will be forgiven, and the IRS does not require you to pay tax on the forgiven balance.
See more of Suze Orman's advice on " The Suze Orman Show ," Saturdays on CNBC at 9 p.m. ET.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Apple eyes holiday salesData is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Kensho crunches Apple & AmazonKensho crunches Apple & Amazon
Wednesday, 26 Nov 2014 | 12:32  PM ET
CNBC's Dominic Chu turns to the Kensho Stats Box to look at the holiday numbers for Apple, Amazon and the health care sector. The Fast Money traders provide insight.
SHARES

Haryana sisters who beat up molesters to be felicitated by CMHaryana sisters who beat up molesters to be felicitated by CM
PTI  Rohtak, Haryana, November 30, 2014
First Published: 18:41 IST(30/11/2014) | Last Updated: 13:58 IST(1/12/2014)
Comments
The brave college-going sisters, who fought back eve-teasers in a Haryana Roadways bus, will be honoured by Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar on Republic day.
In a rare show of courage, the two sisters thrashed three molestors inside a bus in Haryana's Rohtak town, even as passengers chose to look the other way.
Both sisters confronted the accused and mustered enough courage to thrash them, with one of the girls even hitting the youths with her belt, for allegedly outraging their modesty.
The entire incident, recorded by a passenger on mobile phone, went viral both on television and social media. It showed the two girls using their hands and a belt to thrash the molestors, who appeared to be taken by surprise.
A case has been registered against three youths in this connection, police said on Sunday. No arrest has, however, been made so far.
The accused have been identified as Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak, police said, adding that a case under section 354 (assault or criminal force with intent to outrage woman's modesty) and section 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) of IPC have been registered against them.
The victims in their complaint alleged that they were harassed by some youths in a Haryana Roadways bus when they were going to their college on Friday.
When the victims objected, one of the accused started beating them up.
Not to give up easily, the girls fought with the accused as fellow passengers remained mute spectators. One of the victims even hit the accused with a belt, police said.
One of the girls said, "They threatened us and abused us. One of them touched my sister inappropriately. They started making obscene gestures... After heated exchanges, one of the boys called his friends asking him to beat us up. One of them beat my sister while two others caught hold of me.
"Then, I whipped out my belt and thrashed them. They pushed us out of the bus when it slowed down," she narrated.
Meanwhile, the father of the two sisters alleged that there was pressure from the panchayat that the girls should withdraw the complaint.
SP Rohtak Shanshank Anand told PTI over phone, "We have identified the accused and soon they will be arrested. These are brave girls and we fully support them."

OnePlus One 64 GB phone launched at Rs 21 999OnePlus One 64 GB phone launched at Rs 21,999
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 2, 2014  | 13:56 IST
Chinese start-up OnePlus has launched its One smartphone in India after months of rumour and conjecture. The company has aggressively priced the 64GB variant of its device at Rs 21,999. The phone will be available via Amazon.in using the OnePlus invite system.
The phone has attracted the attention of geeks as it boasts powerful hardware and an innovative software layer built using Android known as Cyanogenmod.
However, its use in India is clouded as the Micromax, the popular Indian smartphone brand announced that the Cyanogenmod ROM will be exclusive to its soon to be launched Yu sub brand in India. The phone is based on Android 4.4 KitKat.
OnePlus says Indian users will be able to manually update the phone, but as per the Cyanogen deal with Micromax over the air updates for the phone will be disabled in India.
The company says that it is developing a community build based on Android Lollipop. It says that the community build of the Lollipop based ROM will be out by December, but a stable build will be available in February 2015.
The phone has a 5.5-inch 1080P IPS display, 3GB of RAM, a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor clocked at 2.5GHz, a 13-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel front camera, and a 3,100mAh battery. The phone is offered in two finishes - Sandstone Black and Silk White.

How Not to Get Fired While Building Your Side Businessreddit
"You seem...bitter," my boss began as we sat at a local hamburger joint eating lunch together. I denied it, of course, but after three years of being passed over for a promotion that he was "fully supportive of," he pretty much had my number. I was angry, stuck and intellectually stifled. But I had no idea what else I could do so I stayed, even when it would likely have been to everyone's benefit that I leave.
That conversation took place during what I call "The Crying Years." Driving to work every morning, I felt an impending sense of doom. As I got closer to the office, the tears would start to fall. Along with them came the self-condemning questions:  Is this all I was ever meant to do? After two degrees and six figures in student loans, is this it for me? What happened to all the promise and possibility I felt as a young woman? What wrong turn did I take, or opportunity did I miss to end up here?
For a solid 18 months, I cried all the way to the parking lot at my building, then used baby wipes to wash my face and reapplied the make-up I had just cried off so I could walk in and pretend I was fine. These were dark days. But they got even darker when the tears stopped coming and I grew numb. Quite simply, when it became clear I was going nowhere at the job I thought would finally turn into a career for me, I gave up on myself and any possibility of doing work that was meaningful to me.
You can imagine what kind of employee I was. And if you can't, let me enlighten you. We've all heard about the 2013 Gallup survey which found that 87 percent of workers worldwide are not engaged with their work. Of these, there's a top tier of sorts for the "actively disengaged," i.e. those who are "unhappy and unproductive at work and liable to spread negativity to coworkers." I never thought of myself as the spreading negativity type, nevertheless, the "you seem bitter" conversation was not the last my boss and I had about my attitude, and a co-worker once semi-jokingly referred to me as "openly hostile." But I was in too much pain to care and felt powerless to do anything about it.
After about a year in this numb fog, out of the blue one day my then 4-year-old daughter asked me, "Mama, what are you?" I was so far from knowing what I was, I answered the only way I could: "I'm your mama." Not the answer she was looking for. As kids will do, she pressed on, "No, what are you? Jules' mom is a doctor. Marley's mom is a teacher. What are you?"
And just like that, the tears were back. All at once, in a big rush, along with a kicked in the stomach feeling that immediately cleared my numbed out haze. I didn't know what to tell her. I had given up even thinking about, much less trying to do something that was meaningful to me. I was ashamed of myself for not providing the example that my daughters deserved. How could I ever tell them, "I want you to be happy," when I had given up trying to create my own happiness? All of these thoughts rushed through my mind in just a few seconds, and I quickly wiped my tears and swore to myself in that moment that I would figure this out or die trying.
Trying to find the work I was meant to do had been the theme of my adult life. I tried to figure what color my parachute was. I tried to follow my bliss. I tried to escape from cubicle nation, but somehow nothing had ever fully clicked. But as I sat there in my car with my little girls in the back seat, I made this my mission. Over the next several months, I read countless books, attended classes, teleseminars, webinars, hired coaches, journaled, meditated, sat at the top of hills and on beaches and I got there. I hit upon something that felt so obvious, so much like home that I immediately felt my body relax when I thought about it.
And so, my side business was born. Prior to this, I had never even considered the idea of becoming an entrepreneur. Owning a business was something for people with more money or connections than I had. There was a deep learning curve -- one that I'm still climbing. But having my business changed everything for me. It gave me a sense of purpose, something to work on that I cared about and a means of intellectual stimulation that I hadn't had at my job since I first started.
And, ironically, because I was getting all of those needs met through my side business, it made my job easier, better, much less painful. Had I not started my side business and figured out what I was really meant to do, I don't know if I would have survived in my job. I was depressed, disgruntled, dissatisfied and everyone noticed it.
Here's how I turned it around for myself, and how you can too.
Protect your energy. There is no possible way to be a creative, successful business owner if your well of energy has been sucked dry by the daily grind. It's up to you to do whatever you have to do to make sure you still have enough gas in the tank to work on your side business. This means you cannot get sucked into drama, gossip, office politics, etc. You are there to do your job to the best of your ability every day. Do that and you will feel good about yourself and the work you've done every day as you walk out the door. Not only will this make you a better, happier employee, but you'll still have the energy you need to put in the after hours time on your side business.
Adopt a learner's mindset. Even in the worst job situations, there is something to be learned. You're a businessperson now. When challenges arise at work that push your buttons, take a step back and ask what the situation can teach you and how you can apply that lesson to your own business. This will also allow you to see things from different perspectives instead of focusing solely on how something affects you. This is crucial for going from an employee mindset to an entrepreneur mindset. You need to be able to see situations holistically. As an added bonus, it just might help you have more empathy for your boss and colleagues.
Develop gratitude for your silent investor. Your job is supporting you as you ramp up your business. Treat it as you would anyone else who was giving you the gifts of time and money: with respect, gratitude and attention. This is one that was difficult for me, I can't lie, but the more I practiced it, the easier it became to see that I wouldn't be nearly as far along without this essential investor, so some sincere gratitude was in order. Going from miserable to actually being grateful for your job is a true game changer that will touch many other aspects of your life if you embrace it.
For most people, the purpose of a side business is to build something so you can eventually leave your job. Until you get there, though, it's important to create the best possible conditions for yourself at your current job. If you can do that, when the time comes for you to leave, you'll be in the enviable position of moving toward work you love rather than running away from a job you hate.
Andrea Shields Nunez is a Career Liberation Coach who can help you liberate yourself from a traditional career path and create a business that's truly meaningful to you. Get started FREE with The Busy 9-5er's Side Biz Starter Kit .
Follow Andrea Shields Nunez on Twitter: www.twitter.com/andrea_snunez
More:

Jaguar Land Rover Agrees UK Pay Deal With UnionYou are here: Home Corporates
Jaguar Land Rover Agrees UK Pay Deal With Union
Reuters | Updated On: December 03, 2014 00:14 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
London: British luxury carmaker Jaguar Land Rover on Tuesday said it has reached a deal over pay and pensions with union representatives after revising its offer, which will now be recommended to staff to settle a dispute that had warned of industrial action.
Pay talks at the company, which is owned by Tata Motors, failed in October and over 95 per cent of balloted staff subsequently rejected the original proposal in November, due to fears of a cut in pensions for some staff.
The ballot prompted unions to threaten industrial action.
On pay, management had originally offered staff a rise of at least 3 per cent in each of the next three years and a one-year bonus, according to a union source, but workers' representatives said that was not adequate reward for their contribution to the firm's transformation.
After years in the doldrums, pretax profits have doubled in three years to 2.5 billion pounds in the year ended March 31.
The automaker had also proposed some changes to pension terms, according to a trade union source, but the company said on Tuesday pensions have not been affected under the new deal.
The carmaker, which built almost one in three of Britain's 1.5 million cars in 2013, said it had revised its original offer with a pay increase of 4.5 per cent in the first year of a two-year deal, plus a bonus payment of 825 pounds per employee.
In the second year, workers will receive the higher of either 3 per cent or the Retail Price Index measure of inflation plus 0.5 per cent.
Around 15,000 members of JLR's British workforce of over 26,000 will benefit from the deal, according to unions, which will now have to be approved in a ballot.
"A revised offer has been made by the company that will be unanimously recommended by Unite (the union) to its members," a joint statement from Jaguar Land Rover said.
Slow pay growth is a key consideration in Britain ahead of a general election next year and as the Bank of England weighs up when to begin raising rock bottom interest rates with policymakers watching for signs of a pickup in labour costs.
Tata has turned Jaguar Land Rover into a major profit-driver since buying the brands in 2008, having expanded production abroad and launching its cheapest ever car, the XE, designed to widen appeal and take on bigger rivals such as BMW.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

US Fed Funds Rate Hits Highest Since April 2013You are here: Home Economy
US Fed Funds Rate Hits Highest Since April 2013
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 03, 2014 00:21 (IST)
China December Industrial Activity Shrinks for First Time in 7 Months
New York: A key overnight borrowing cost for US banks reached its highest level since April 2013 on Monday after the Federal Reserve raised an interest rate on a test program aimed to hit its rate target when it decides to tighten policy, Fed data showed.
The effective or average interest rate on federal funds, or the cost for banks to borrow excess reserves from each other, was 0.13 per cent, up from 0.08 per cent on Friday.
The fed funds rate traded in a range of 0.05 per cent to 0.3125 per cent on Monday, according to the Fed.
On Monday, the US central bank raised the interest rate it pays Wall Street dealers, money market mutual funds and mortgage finance agencies to borrow its Treasuries holdings.
It set the interest rate on reverse repurchase agreements at 0.10 per cent on Monday, up from 0.07 per cent on Friday.
These reverse repos are designed to drain cash from the banking system in a bid to keep the fed funds rate at the level which the central bank targets.
The Fed adopted a fed funds target of 0.00-0.25 per cent in December 2008 at the height of the global credit crisis.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Jeff Bezos Defends Amazon s Lack of ProfitsSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Jeff Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon.com Inc, was unapologetic about his twenty-year-old company's lack of profit during a rare public appearance on Tuesday, noting he spends just six hours a year on investor relations.
Bezos also discussed Amazon's acrimonious dispute with publisher Hachette Book Group and his purchase of the Washington Post. He acknowledged that Amazon had a succession plan in place, but remained tight-lipped about the details.
His comments come a day after Moody's Investors Service downgraded its outlook on Amazon to "negative," citing the company's upcoming debt offering and the "lack of visibility" about how the funds would be deployed.
Investors have grown increasingly unhappy about Amazon's spending and lack of disclosure about future plans. Its shares have fallen more than 18 per cent this year, despite a 14 per cent rise in the Nasdaq.
Bezos, relaxed in jeans and a gray jacket, defended Amazon's culture as one willing to spend on new projects, even if they flop like its poor-selling Fire phone.
"We are a large company, but we are also still a start-up. There is a lot of volatility in start-ups," Bezos said at a conference organized by the Business Insider blog in New York.
Bezos, an investor in Business Insider, defended Amazon's approach during its drawn-out contract dispute with Hachette, which came to light after Amazon delayed deliveries and removed pre-order options for several Hachette titles. The dispute was settled in November.
Publishers are in better shape because of e-books, which became popular after Amazon launched the Kindle e-reader in 2007, he said, adding that books are still too expensive.
"It's difficult for incumbents who have a sweet thing to embrace change," Bezos said. "Making reading more affordable is not going to make authors less money. ... It's going to make authors more money."
Bezos entered another embattled industry last year when he bought the Washington Post from the Graham family. He was initially surprised when approached about the sale, but said Don Graham convinced him. He plans to turn the Post into a national and international newspaper.
Bezos, 50, also acknowledged that there is a succession plan in place for him and his executives. When asked to reveal the next generation of leadership, he said: "It's a secret."
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Services sector in Nov grows fastest in 5 mthsServices sector in November grows fastest in 5 months
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 3, 2014  | 11:28 IST
Photo: Reuters
Services sector activity in India accelerated at the fastest pace in five months in November, driven by faster growth in new business orders, a HSBC survey said on Wednesday.
The HSBC India Services Business Activity Index, that tracks changes in activity at Indian services  companies on a month-by-month basis, rose from 50.0 in October to 52.6 in November, registering the highest pace of growth since June.
A figure above 50 indicates that the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
Service sector activity grew in November, as new business rose for the seventh month running, HSBC Chief India Economist Pranjul Bhandari said.
The survey further said that notwithstanding the strong order flows, business sentiment slipped to the weakest level since mid-2007.
Despite the uptick in order flows, business sentiment deteriorated, reminding us that continued policy action that addresses investor concerns is needed to sustain growth momentum, Bhandari said.
Meanwhile, the headline HSBC Composite Output Index - that maps manufacturing as well as services sectors output also climbed to five-month high of 53.6, up from 51.0 in October.
Growth of activity and new business had little impact on service sector employment in November as workforce numbers in the Indian service sector declined for the first time in four months.
Meanwhile, prices dipped on falling commodity prices and increased competition.
Calls for a rate cut had been growing in the run up to the policy announcement, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also pitching for lower the cost of capital to boost growth.
However, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept interest rates unchanged, saying a shift in stance is 'premature' but hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and the government acts on the fiscal side.
Jaitley had recently said a whole set of second generation reforms would be unveiled in the next Budget and added that his immediate target is Insurance Amendment bill, Coal Ordinance and the GST bill.

Know more about N Chandrasekaran  CEO and MD of TCSKnow more about N Chandrasekaran, CEO and MD of TCS
December 2, 2014
N Chandrasekaran, CEO and managing director of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has won best CEO award in IT & ITES-Large Companies category.
More from this section

It s interesting time for banking in India: Naina Lal KidwaiDell is democratising technology, says R&D Head Jai Menon
 
It's interesting time for banking in India: Naina Lal Kidwai
December 3, 2014
Naina Lal Kidwai, chairman of HSBC India speaks on the challenges as well as opportunities the banking sector comes across today in MindRush 2014 event.
More from this section

Watch NASA s New Space Capsule Make Its First Trip Into SpaceUpdate: NASA scrubbed the launch of the Orion space capsule this morning after a series of delays caused by high winds and problems with the rocket that was to have sent the craft into orbit. The next opportunity to launch Orion will come tomorrow morning.
It's showtime for NASA's Orion spacecraft.
The agency is launching the capsule for its first flight test on Dec. 4. The launch window starts at 7:05 a.m. EST, and you can watch the action live on NASA TV above.
Orion has been in development since 2005, and the spacecraft may be used one day to ferry humans to an asteroid or even to Mars.
" Orion is the exploration spacecraft for NASA , and paired with the Space Launch System, or SLS, rocket it will allow us to explore the solar system," Mark Geyer, program manager of Orion, which is based at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, said in a written statement.
(Story continues below image.)
The Orion crew capsule will embark on its first voyage Thursday morning, and here is where you can follow the launch online.
The unmanned Orion spacecraft will lift off aboard a Delta IV Heavy rocket to orbit twice around Earth before splashing down in the Pacific. While no one will be aboard Orion for this test, the flight will evaluate the spacecraft's performance.
Also on HuffPost:

DARRIN BELL: From Ferguson to New York cases  cartoonist draws deeply from the personal [Q&A]Political cartoons by DARRIN BELL (courtesy of the artist/WPWG)
 
FOR DARRIN BELL, the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown and Tamir Rice at the hands of police strike a personal chord. When he draws cartoons about such tragic incidents, he remembers “the talk” he once had with his mother — and anticipates “the talk” he will one day need to have with his own son.
“My mother, who’s white, had ‘the talk’ with me when I was around 6 or 7,” Bell, a political cartoonist and creator of the strip  “Candorville,” tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “She was terrified because she’d caught me playing with a water gun another kid had loaned me. It looked like a real gun. She told me I’m a lot more likely to be shot by police than my friend was if they saw me with it, because police tend to think little black boys — even light-skinned ones — are older than they really are, and less innocent than they really are.
“We have studies now that prove this,” Bell continues, “but at the time, that was her perception, growing up as she did in the ’50s and ’60s, I thought she was living in the past.”
As Bell reads about, and editorially responds to, the recent high-profile killings of black males by officers, he is reminded that more than one cycle continues.
“It’s personal because I’m going to have to have that talk with my baby boy in about seven or eight years, about how to behave when police are around, so as not to provoke them … ,” the Southern California-based cartoonist says, “and that’s the kind of talk a parent should only have to have with his child with regard to pitbulls.”
Comic Riffs caught up with Bell (author of the Trayvon Martin-alluding “Does the Afterlife Have Skittles?” ) to talk about his personal experiences and professional responses in the wake of the latest no-indictment decision involving a white officer and a black man turned fatality:
MICHAEL CAVNA: You’re so adept at turning around editorial ideas, and art, quickly. Could you walk us through how you approached thus cartoon once you heard [Wednesday's] Eric Garner/NYPD no-indictment news?
DARRIN BELL: There was so much I wanted to say. So many points I wanted to make. I wanted to comment on the difference between how authorities arrest white-collar criminals and the average suspect — especially when that suspect is an average minority. I wanted to address how body cameras will be useless if even a high-quality video of a senseless killing by police doesn’t sway a jury. I wanted to compare it to Ferguson and say it doesn’t matter whether a large, unarmed black man is moving toward the cop — as [Officer Darren] Wilson alleged Brown did — or moving away from the officer, as Garner clearly did in the video. The officer just might see him as a mortal threat either way.
I wanted to follow up on the Ferguson grand jury cartoon [I drew] by showing that graffiti being etched in stone, because it’s possible the Ferguson ruling set a precedent — raised the bar significantly from discovering probable cause to discovering guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. It’s not a trend yet — three would make a trend — but these two rulings at first glance seem to encroach on the duties of trial juries.
I wanted to comment on how far we wouldn’t have to travel along the jackboot spectrum to cover the distance between “unaccountable law enforcement” and “police state.” I wanted to comment on all that.
But whenever I have several competing ideas I want to get across, that tells me my ideas are just planets orbiting a star, and it’s really the star I should be commenting on. That’s when it’s time to (at the risk of mixing metaphors) put it all in a crucible and burn away everything until I’m left with the common denominator. That’s how I arrived at this cartoon.
 
 
MC: Your new cartoon of course also speaks to Ferguson. You had a verbally spun Ferguson cartoon the other day [above]. Do you find yourself having a sad and unfortunate wealth of ideas lately on this issue?
DB: I do, and it’s one of those times when I really, really hope I won’t have a chance to make use of any of my ideas. But then people keep giving me more chances.
MC: Sometimes I draw editorial cartoons from the head, sometimes from the heart — some are methodical, some are emotional — depending on my connection to the material. How personal, or not, are these Ferguson and NYPD cartoons to you as subject matter?
DB: They’re personal, because every time police brutality and police killings of unarmed black men make it into the news, the reaction is the same: Some people reflexively argue that the guy must’ve had it coming. Raising your arm to deflect the blow of a baton becomes an “aggressive movement.” A screwdriver in your backpack becomes a “burglary tool.” Everything you’ve ever done wrong — including ever having been suspended from school — is dug up and becomes proof, in some quarters, that you were a scumbag — a rabid animal who needed to be put down.
It’s personal because I know that if I were ever to be killed by police, I would receive the same treatment. Even though I’m the kind of guy who smiles, says, “Yes, officer,” makes no sudden movements, gives them whatever documents they ask for and keeps his hands in plain view at all times. … If one of them shot me, plenty of people would assume I provoked it somehow. And the cop would almost certainly not be held accountable.
It’s personal because I’m going to have to have that talk with my baby boy in about seven or eight years about how to behave when police are around, so as not to provoke them. And that’s the kind of talk a parent should only have to have with his child with regard to pitbulls.
MC: You lived in the L.A. during the Rodney King verdict, and your [late] granddad might have spoken [to you about] the area’s Watts Riots. In what sort of historical context do you put recent riots over police actions and justice in relation to those key times in L.A. history?
DB: Riots are insane. But the thing is, when you know there’s a historical pattern of this sort of thing happening — when you see it happen again and again before your eyes and so many people not only don’t care, but blame the victim — and you know that tomorrow it can be you or your child that it happens to, and that the ones who do it can do it with impunity, that drives you a little crazy.
Rioting is wrong. Rioting is self-defeating, and far less effective than sustained, nonviolent protest. But it’s also a natural reaction to being abused by authorities and having nowhere to turn for justice. America has a LONG history of rioting, by white people as well as black. The LA Riots were one of those spontaneous eruptions of frustration and rage, and then opportunists swooped in to take advantage of the situation and “get free stuff.” That happened in Ferguson too.
Every uprising has that: people who are genuinely outraged and flailing in blind rage at the status quo because they can’t take any more … and leeches who come along for the ride. That’s not unique to riots — that’s human nature. In politics, you’ve got statesmen trying to govern, and crooks trying to score. In business, you’ve got people trying to build a fortune and build up the country, and along for the ride are people trying to build their fortune by stealing what little other people have. In war, you’ve got soldiers trying to win and live, and you’ve got those who’re out to pillage and loot. And in policing, you’ve got the majority who are trying to serve and protect, and then along for the ride are those who abuse, steal — sorry, “confiscate” — and murder.
Rioters aren’t the only ones who take advantage. They’re not even the most common.
“CANDORVILLE” (2012 courtesy of Darrin Bell/WPWG)
MC: You created an especially memorable “Candorville” week of Trayvon’s post-life train ride . Do you have any plans to handle these two police deaths from the summer, and the no-indictments, in future strips?
DB: Yes, but not those two in particular, because those two aren’t isolated incidents.
MC: What do you hope to most communicate to your readers about the state of things on this issue, as a commentator — if not also as a citizen and father?
DB: The reason those incidents in particular — and all the incidents that happened in this long, hot summer and fall — provoked such frustration and anger is, they’re representative of what happens regularly in this country. It happens to white people, too, but white people tend to trust the police more than black people do, so they assume in those cases that it was either justified, or an awful mistake that was nobody’s fault. When the Arizona police executed that homeless man who was trying to gather his belongings and leave, as they’d told him to, I expected outrage, and I was ready to comment on it. But America paid attention for a few hours and then shrugged its collective shoulders and forgot about it. Outrage only happens when you notice that abuse of power — which encompasses an entire spectrum from unfair traffic stops, to “confiscation” of valuables and cash without cause, to cops in your neighborhood thinking they have a right to poke their heads out of their windows and demand to know where you’re going, to brutality and finally killing — happens regularly. Outrage happens when you realize that “isolated incident” and “happens regularly” are mutually exclusive concepts.
Most police, from what I can tell, are honorable and genuinely trying to just do their job, help people and make it home at the end of the day. But the problem is, they protect their own. They’re comfortable being part of a system that protects the bad apples among them from accountability. They don’t “snitch.” That’s why plenty of people who’ve grown up around gangs view the police as just another — better-armed — gang.
But it’s wrong to stereotype cops, to profile them all based on the actions of just a few. Just as it’s wrong to profile people like Eric Garner, to consider a black man to be potentially a violent threat you have to erase just because he’s large and has sold untaxed cigarettes in the past.
MC: Anything you’d like to add, from opinions to [personal] anecdotes?
DB: This is something I never told my mother, because I was certain she’d never let me go play outside alone again. In light of all that’s happened, I think it’s relevant here:
My mother, who’s white, had “the talk” with me when I was around 6 or 7. She was terrified because she’d caught me playing with a water gun another kid had loaned me. It looked like a real gun. She told me I’m a lot more likely to be shot by police than my friend was if they saw me with it, because police tend to think little black boys — even light-skinned ones — are older than they really are, and less innocent than they really are. We have studies now that prove this, but at the time, that was her perception, growing up as she did in the ’50s and ’60s. I thought she was living in the past. And I resented what happened next: She took me to the corner store and bought me a bright-green, transparent plastic water gun. It was humiliating. But she said it would keep me alive, because the police would never mistake it for a real gun.
A few weeks later, I walked by myself to the pizza parlor around the corner to play some video games. Along the way, I decided I was Han Solo and I kept “shooting” the bushes, the fire hydrant — and every other inanimate object I could pretend was a Stormtrooper — with my water gun. The only time I stopped shooting was when I knelt down by the side of the road to reload my bright-green, transparent gun in a puddle.
I don’t recall the sound of the voice that said “PUT IT DOWN,” but I still remember the officer’s sunglasses, his tie clip, and his hand on his unholstered weapon. I remember standing and freezing. I remember it seemed like it took forever before he holstered his weapon and walked toward me. I remember him saying something about “complaints,” asking me where I was going, asking me over and over where I lived and what I was doing here. I remember him taking away my bright-green, transparent water gun, saying something else to me, and leaving.
I remember running home; and I remember wanting to thank my mom for taking away that realistic gun, but instead going straight to my room because I didn’t want her to decide I could never leave home alone again.
All I’ll say is this: My 1-year-old boy is never going to even touch a toy gun.
[ SEE : 15 of the Most Striking #Ferguson Cartoons So Far]
 RELATED:
Cover by BOB STAAKE (courtesy of the artist/The New Yorker)
 
 
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

What percentage of politicians support same-sex marriage  by stateBy Hunter Schwarz December 4 Follow @hunterschwarz
About 45 percent of all governors and members of Congress across the country support same-sex marriage, and in all but 10 states there is at least one member of Congress or the governor who does.
The percentage of politicians who support marriage for same-sex couples is slightly lower than the percentage of Americans who do. A September  Pew poll found that 49 percent of respondents were in favor of gay men and lesbians being allowed to legally marry, while 41 percent were opposed and 10 percent didn’t know.
Using information from the Human Rights Campaign and governors’ public statements, the percentage of elected officials who support marriage for same-sex couples was mapped out. Vacant seats were not included in states’ total, and elected officials whose views on marriage were not clear were not counted as being supportive.
In Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Vermont, 100 percent of governors and members of Congress support marriage for same-sex couples. In Maryland, there is more than 90 percent support, and in Maine, New Hampshire and New York, there is at least 80 percent support.
Hunter Schwarz covers state and local politics and policy across the country for the Washington Post.

With BJP s rise  worst fears of minority communities have come to pass: VCLetters to the editor
Noted jurist and vice-chancellor of NALSAR University of Law, Hyderabad, Faizan Mustafa voiced “grave concern” at the rising incidents of “minority bashing” after the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government assumed office earlier this year.
Mustafa launched a scathing attack on the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government saying “ever since the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) came to power at the Centre the worst fears of the minorities are coming true”.
He was delivering a paper at a national seminar on “Inclusive Development of Minority Community in India”, organised by the Department of Commerce of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU).
The nation as a whole can no longer afford to ignore the alarming trends manifested in the “statements of senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leaders and the fact that those involved in minority bashing are being awarded with ministerial berths, coupled with the alarming saffronisation of education,” he said.
“Minority rights are not some mercy or favours shown to Muslims by the majority community. There are sound jurisprudential reasons for these rights. These rights are in national interest and are based on constitutional guarantees,” Mustafa said.
Recalling first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru’s defence of minority rights in a democratic country, Mustafa said, “History has demonstrated that there can be no stable equilibrium in any country so long as an attempt is made to crush a minority or force it to conform to the ways of the majority.”
Mustafa urged the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to have a “relook at its own policies towards minorities and show the whole world that it is committed to pluralism.”
He also criticised Union Minister for Minority Affairs Najma Heptullah, saying “after she became a minister, she has initiated an unnecessary debate on the very term of minorities in India.”
“Can a group which constitutes just 15 per cent of the population not be entitled to protection under minority rights?” he asked, and said “The Supreme Court of India has consistently maintained that minorities are to be defined on the basis of numerical inferiority and there can be no deviation from this principle.”
TAGS: Aligarh Muslim University Najma Heptullah National Democratic Alliance Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh
More from miscellaneous
AAP comes out with a song to boost its campaign Aam Aadmi Party has come up with a song which is being played at all the rallies and meetings addressed by party chief Arvind Kejriwal and other leaders.

Football battleground for telecom mergersDecember 5, 2014 8:24 am
Football becomes battleground for telecoms megamergers
Neil Collins
Speculation perms any two from BT, Sky, Vodafone, EE and O2
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c2ee8f8-7adb-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sadhvi remarks: PM seeks truce  Congress walks outLok Sabha
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement failed to mollify the opposition members, including Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi, as they staged a walkout.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday urged the Lok Sabha to put aside the issue of remarks made by Minister of State for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti. As in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday, Mr Modi asked members to accept her apology, and also factor in her rural background and inexperience.
However, a joint statement by nine opposition parties urged the Government to accept a joint resolution in the Rajya Sabha condemning attempts to “outrage our Constitution by making inflammatory speeches aimed at dividing the syncretic, socio-cultural mosaic” of the country.
Besides the Congress, the parties which signed the statement are the Samajwadi Party, Trinamool Congress, Janata Dal (United), Bahujan Samaj Party, Communist Party of India (Marxist), Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, CPI and the Nationalist Congress Party.
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge sought to clarify that the Opposition had nothing against any individual or her background but was taking a stand against the increasing instances of ministers making objectionable statements outside the House.
“Such statements are vitiating the atmosphere,” he said but with Speaker Sumitra Mahajan stating that the matter was closed, the Congress along with several other parties staged a walk out.
As the logjam continued for the fourth consecutive day in the Rajya Sabha, Deputy Chairman P.J. Kurien urged the government and the Opposition parties to resolve the issue outside Parliament. His observations came after the government and Opposition parties stood their ground on how to end the impasse.After frequent adjournments disrupted proceedings, Opposition members said they had “scaled down” their demand of seeking Ms. Jyoti’s dismissal from the council of ministers but want a joint resolution moved. “There is no need to sack the minister. Just pass a resolution on the lines of what the Prime Minister said,” TMC member Derek O’Brien said, adding that the government should not be adamant with a reasonable opposition. Agreeing with him, Congress leader Anand Sharma said, “this was the right thing to do to restore the dignity of the discourse”.
Black band protest
Inside and outside Lok Sabha, Congress and Trinamool Congress members sported black bands across their faces to register their protest against the Government using its “brute majority” to silence the Opposition.
With the Opposition walking out and boycotting proceedings for the rest of the day, the Lok Sabha carried on with its business unlike the Rajya Sabha, where no work could be conducted.

Intex unveils Aqua i5 Octa at Rs 7 499  but only on Amazon.inGlobal cos to hire most from India: Pepsico India chief D Shivakumar
Intex Technologies on Friday unveiled the new Aqua i5 Octa with a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor and 1 GB RAM priced at Rs 7,499. The phone runs Android 4.4 Kitkat OS with a 5-inch display and a 13-MP rear camera. As is the fashion these days, it also sports a 5MP front clicker.
The phone has a 2000 mAh battery and 32 GB extendable memory. It has a 9.6 mm thickness and metal molding for extra durability.
The smartphone can be availed exclusively from Amazon.in from December 5.
TAGS: Intex Aqua I5 Octa
More from industry
IIT-Guwahati prof accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer said on Tuesday. “A case was registered against IIT Guwahati Professor Alok Kumar Ghosal at the Panbazar Women police station here… He was brought to the police station for examination last night and […]

Sanskrit to remain third language in KVs but no exam in current session: SCSanskrit to remain third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas but no exam in current session: Supreme Court
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.45PM IST
0
Share More
The Centre today stood by its decision on replacing German as third language with Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas but conceded before the Supreme Court that no exam would be conducted for the subject in the current session
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Centre today stood by its decision on replacing German as third language with Sanskrit in Kendriya Vidyalayas but conceded before the Supreme Court that no exam would be conducted for the subject in the current session.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice A R Dave, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi submitted that the Centre has decided that no examination would be conducted for Sanskrit paper and KV students can also continue with German language as an additional subject in the current session.
The Centre's decision not to conduct exam for Sanskrit, introduced in the mid of the ongoing session, came after the apex court in the last hearing expressed concern that students would be burdened and suffer because of government's decision.
On being asked to "find a way out", Rohatgi said that a decision at the "highest level" has been taken and according to it, the students will not be required to sit for Sanskrit exams and placed before the bench a letter written by a Joint Secretary of HRD Ministry.
"In view of the concern of the court, and to ensure that no stress is caused to the students, there will be no examination in this academic session for those students studying Sanskrit, or any other modern Indian language as the third language now, in place of German as the third language, for the remaining part of the current academic year," the letter said.
Meanwhile, the students, who had been studying German as third language, can continue to study the foreign language as an additional subject in the present session, Rohatgi said.
The bench also accepted the proposal saying that it would not create any additional burden on the students as no exam would be conducted.
"It is a good solution," Justice Dave said, adding, "Even as a father I would agree with it."
The bench, however, did not pass any formal order as advocate Reena Singh , appearing for a group of parents of Kendriya Vidyalaya students, pleaded that she should be given some time to counter the suggestion given by the Centre and consult her clients.
The bench, thereafter, posted the case for December 8 and reiterated that introduction of Sanskrit is good for students.
The Centre's stand came after the apex court had asked Rohatgi to consult the HRD ministry on postponing the implementation of the decision on Sanskrit to the next academic year.
Page 1 of 2

Orion rocket lifts off in historic test flightNASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
Caption
NASA’s next-generation unmanned capsule gets its first test flight.
 Dec. 8, 2014 NASA’s Orion spacecraft is off-loaded from the back of the USS Anchorage at Naval Base San Diego in California. Mike Blake/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Since 1972, human flights have been restricted to the orbit level of the International Space Station. But Friday's flight went 15 times as far.
NASA plans another test flight without astronauts in 2018. A crew is scheduled aboard Orion in about 2021.
Sometime in the 2020s, NASA plans to capture an  asteroid with a robotic spacecraft , then drag it to the moon’s orbit where it would connect with the Orion. Astronauts would then be able to take samples from the asteroid.
"Just the idea of having a human around the moon interacting with an asteroid -- that’s mind boggling," NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden said Friday. "We are very confident we can do this."
The big target, however, remains Mars, which NASA says astronauts could reach sometime in the 2030s.
But for all the excitement of Friday’s launch and talk of grand plans to go to Mars, NASA has been hampered by tight budgets and doesn’t have the funding for a mission to the red planet. Critics say that the Mars mission exists on paper only.
While the Orion was initially part of a program, called Constellation, designed to return to the moon, its mission changed after the Obama administration killed Constellation and made Mars the goal. Friday's mission used the Delta IV. But future Orion missions would use the new Space Launch System rocket, or SLS, which is still being developed.
"The SLS remains a big question mark -- both in terms of its development and funding, as well as political support," wrote Marco Caceres, a senior space analyst with the Teal Group, in his newsletter. "Without the SLS, Orion is like a Cadillac without wheels."
Caceres and others have warned that the SLS project must be complete before a plausible timetable can be put on reaching Mars.
"Orion may be a starting point," he wrote. "But it's a bit of a stretch to say we're on our way to Mars."
Friday's mission was designed to test some of Orion's riskiest systems, especially its heat shield, which withstood temperatures as high as 4,000 degrees when the capsule hit the atmosphere traveling at about 20,000 mph. Another big test was the series of parachutes designed to slow the capsule before it splashed down safely in the Pacific Ocean off the Baja California coast.
The test flight comes after the October explosion of an unmanned Orbital Sciences rocket that was to supply the space station and the recent crash of a Virgin Galactic spacecraft  that killed the co-pilot . Officials said before Friday's test flight that they were well aware of the risks involved in space flight.
Mike Hawes, Lockheed's Orion program manager, said the data collected form the mission will be "enormously helpful," as officials prepare for future flights. He also reflected on the beginning of his career, when he worked alongside officials from the Apollo mission.
"We’ve now finally done something for the first time for our generation," he said. "It’s a good day."
 
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment o...EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal on December 19
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 06.02PM IST
0
Share More
Retirement fund body EPFO will discuss a proposal to invest a part of its over Rs 6 lakh crore corpus in equities in the meeting of its trustees on December 19
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO will discuss a proposal to invest a part of its over Rs 6 lakh crore corpus in equities in the meeting of its trustees on December 19.
"We will deliberate on the issue in the next meeting," said Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya , who also heads EPFO's apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees(CBT).
According to the agenda circulated for the 205th meeting of the CBT scheduled for December 19, the trustees would deliberate on investment challenges in the changed economic scenario.
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the equity of profit-making public sector blue chip companies.
During an informal meeting of the non-official EPFO trustees with the then Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar in October this year some trustees, particularly unionists, had suggested investment in shares of profit-making public sector firms.
Some other unionists, or employees' representatives, on board of the CBT had reservations about investment in equity in view of volatility in stock markets.
In last meeting of the CBT held in August, the proposed pattern of investment by the finance ministry was discussed and the board was not in favour of investing in equities and exchange traded funds (ETFs).
The CBT had decided to recommend making the pattern more flexible to further increase the percentage of investment in government securities.
The finance ministry has been pitching for investing a small portion of EPFO funds in the equity markets to maximise returns.
The Finance Ministry had allowed the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in equities in 2005 and enhanced the limit to 15 per cent in 2008.
A recent notification by the labour ministry allows the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in money market instruments, including units of mutual funds and equity-linked schemes regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India .
The EPFO has more than 50 million subscribers across the country. It provided interest of 8.75 per cent on PF deposits in 2013-14. The EPFO trustees have recently decided to keep the rate at the same level during the current fiscal as well.

Govt to amend consumer law to protect e-commerce customersGovt to amend consumer law to protect e-commerce customers
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 05, 2014 05:50 PM IST
Government is planning to introduce safeguards in the proposed amendments to Consumer Protection Act for the benefit of e-commerce customers.
"...To protect consumer interests, the Department (Consumer Affairs) is including necessary safeguards for protection of rights of consumer of technology based marketing like e-commerce, telemarketing etc," Minister of State for Consumer Affairs Raosaheb Patil Danve said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
In another reply, the Minister said the government is making efforts to introduce a Bill for comprehensive amendments to the Consumer Protection Act, 1986 at the earliest.
Terming the e-commerce sector as extremely crucial given its growing popularity, Danve said: "Department of Consumer Affairs is consulting with other departments on the need for regulation of e-commerce industry and on administrative responsibility for the subject.

What Interstellar says about global warmingBy Max Ehrenfreund December 5 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
The Thwaites Glacier in Western Antarctica is melting. (AFP/Getty Images)
Correction: Thursday's newsletter incorrectly stated that Rodney King died in a police beating. King's injuries in the 1991 incident were not fatal, and he died in 2012.
"It's not a ghost. It's gravity," Matthew McConaughey's character says in one of the initial scenes of "Interstellar." In the movie, gravitational anomalies allow humanity a chance to escape to the stars as an unspecified environmental catastrophe destroys earth's capacity for agriculture.
The film is science fiction, but sometimes the facts are even more remarkable:
The great ice sheets of the world, like West Antarctica, are so massive that, at present, they exert a gravitational pull on the surrounding ocean, which slopes upward toward them. However, the loss of West Antarctica would lead to less gravitational pull and more water spreading out across the ocean — a secondary effect that would further contribute to sea-level rise worldwide.
That's from Chris Mooney and Joby Warrick's article in The Washington Post on new research showing that the West Antarctic ice sheet is melting more rapidly than scientists had previously believed. At some point, the sheet could become unstable, and its eventual collapse and complete disintegration into the sea would be unavoidable.
Ever so slightly, over thousands upon thousands of watery miles, gravity warps the surface of the ocean. It is a wonderful, mysterious force -- but it is not beneficent. There are no dispensations from physical laws, and rather than special favors, gravity is likely to send just a little bit more bilge our way as the earth warms. When it comes to climate change, we're on our own .
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click  here . Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on  Twitter  and  Facebook .
What's in Wonkbook: 1) Police reform in Cleveland  2) Opinions: Democrats, immigration, work-life balance 3) New Republic editor out 4) Bargain-hunting and Obamacare 5) Europeans hate American food, and more
Number of the day: $1.999. That's the price of a gallon of gasoline at a station in Oklahoma City on Wednesday, marking the first time any station in the United States has sold gasoline for less than $2 a gallon since 2010. Lynn Doan and Margaret Newkirk for Bloomberg .
Chart of the day:
Fifty years ago, the economic opportunities were greatest for the poor. Now, the income of the poorest Americans is no longer increasing. Matt O'Brien in The Washington Post .
1. Holder announces reforms for Cleveland police
A federal report found the department engaged in systematic brutality. Concluding an investigation that began last year, the Justice Department and the city will appoint an independent monitor to oversee changes. Holder made the announcement 16 days after an officer there shot and killed a 12-year-old boy who was playing with a toy gun. Jerry Markon and Sari Horwitz in The Washington Post .
Primary source: The report .
Police are too quick to pull the trigger, the report found. Officers discharged their weapons in all kinds of situations -- aiming at moving cars, firing at civilians as they were being handcuffed, shooting a hostage and pulling the trigger on accident. Sara Dorn in The Plain Dealer .
Protests of the Eric Garner decision continued across the country.  "The protests drew crowds in New York, Boston, Chicago, Pittsburgh and Washington. Many chanted...: “I can’t breathe.” In some places, they grew disruptive, snarled traffic on major arteries and lay down in the streets. "Ashley Southall in The New York Times .
Reform has suddenly become a priority for departments nationwide.  "Police officials in New York, Los Angeles and other major cities are moving to develop new training rules as well as beginning to adopt equipment such as body cameras." Pervaiz Shallwani, Zusha Elinson and Gary Fields in The Wall Street Journal . 
Loretta Lynch, nominated to replace Holder, will handle the Garner case for the feds. In her current position as U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Lynch will conduct a federal civil-rights investigation into Garner's death after a grand jury declined to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo. Republicans said they would scrutinize her handling of the case. Carl Hulse in The New York Times .
SINGAL: Body cameras won't solve everything, but they might still be a good investment. Body cameras wouldn't have changed the outcome of the Garner case, where there was abundant video evidence, but over time, they might change the way police and civilians behave toward one another. New York .
It wasn't just the chokehold. When an obese person is forced onto his or her stomach, breathing can become impossible. The officers arresting Garner were evidently poorly trained. His death also reveals the problem with the policy of "broken windows" policing -- it can be an excuse for aggression on the part of police.  The New York Times .
Hip hop interlude, with Kermit the Frog: The Muppets cover Naughty by Nature's " Hip Hop Hooray " (Tommy Boy Records, 1993).
2. Top opinions
KRAUTHAMMER: The real fight is among Democrats. The administration's priorities -- Obamacare and immigration reform -- have alienated the white working class, who don't feel that the party has anything for them. That's led to fierce debate and harsh words.  The Washington Post .
BEUTLER: Republicans played themselves into a corner on immigration. They've known for years that refusing to compromise with Democrats would eventually lead Obama to act on his own, but they didn't budge.  The New Republic .
RAMPELL: Work-life balance starts with the tax code. Most men say they want egalitarian marriages in which both partners share housework while pursuing their professional ambitions. The problem is that our system discourages these kinds of relationships by taxing a wife's choice to work outside the home at a higher marginal rate, after a couple's income is combined.  The Washington Post .
3. Foer, Wieseltier are out at The New Republic
The magazine's editor as well as its literary editor "abruptly resigned" Thursday. Many on the staff threatened to follow. The company's new owner, Chris Hughes of Facebook, and his newly appointed chief executive, Guy Vidra of Yahoo, plan to cut the frequency of the print publication by half. Ravi Somaiya at  The New York Times .
WEMPLE: Foer learned he was being replaced before his superiors told him. He got word that Snyder had been hired through colleagues.  The Washington Post .
KLEIN: The New Republic belongs to a dying era. Once upon a time, a few small magazines were what people who were serious about solving the nation's problems read in Washington, D.C. Now, the conversation about ideas has moved online, and those magazines can no longer keep up with their digital competition, which creates tensions between publishers and journalists.  Vox .
These changes could be positive for the magazine. "It's clear that the new leadership of the magazine—with all their greasy Facebook money—is dead set on ruining a (historically racist) publication no one ever read in the first place, and was on the slow road to Irrelevance City." Leah Finnegan at Gawker .
4. Administration asks Obamacare enrollees to shop around
Seven in 10 consumers will be able to find a cheaper plan if they hunt for a bargain. That's the message from the Obama administration, which is worried that consumers will be passing up on $2 billion in savings by sticking with their current plan. They have ten days left to switch. Bargain-hunting by consumers could lead insurers to offer lower premiums next year. Sophie Novack in National Journal .
The structure of the tax credit is one reason to look for a better deal. Tax credits for people who can't afford insurance are calculated based on the price of the second-cheapest "silver" plan in each area. If that plan is cheaper this year than last, some consumers with less money to spare could get a smaller credit. Jason Millman in The Washington Post .
KRUGMAN: Democrats are wrong to attack Obamacare. The law has helped millions get health insurance while containing the cost of premiums. And if Democrats had been willing to stand behind their work and explain the benefits to the public instead of criticizing the law, then Obamacare might have more support now.  The New York Times .
Peter Pan interlude: Last night's musical-theater revival on NBC was charming and fun, if a bit bland. Hank Stuever in The Washington Post .
"Some of us are unironically watching Peter Pan live. The others watching are pretending to not be unironically watching Peter Pan live" -- @AdamSerwer
5. In case you missed it
Construction of religious buildings is at a new low. Religious organizations will build 10.3 million square feet this year, an 80 percent decline since 2002. The decline indicates a shift in the preferences of believers away from megachurches and toward more intimate, traditional settings. Ben Leubsdorf in The Wall Street Journal .
Europeans hate American food so much, it's endangering a trade deal. Public opposition to a free-trade partnership between the United States and Europe is an obstacle for Obama. "Hormone-boosted beef. Chlorine-washed chicken... In France, food is about pleasure, about taste. But in the United States, they put anything in their mouths. No, this must be stopped," one French farmer said. Anthony Faiola in The Washington Post .
Lawmakers near a deal to extend terrorism insurance. Which is a thing that you can buy, ever since Sept. 11, 2001, when insurance companies paid $40 billion on claims resulting from the attacks. Insurers were wary of covering terrorism after that day, so Congress intervened to subsidize the cost. Billy House in National Journal .
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

Govt released Rs 93 894 cr as food subsidy ...Government released Rs 93,894 crore as food subsidy so far this fiscal
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 06.47PM IST
Government has released Rs 93,894 crore so far this fiscal by way of food subsidy out of annual allocation of Rs 1,10,500 crore and there is no proposal for reduction in food subsidy.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Government has released Rs 93,894 crore so far this fiscal by way of food subsidy out of annual allocation of Rs 1,10,500 crore and there is no proposal for reduction in food subsidy, Parliament was informed today.
In a written reply to Rajya Sabha , Minister of State for Food and Consumer Affairs Raosaheb Patil Danve said the expenditure on subsidy involved in allocation of foodgrains under the food security law as well as existing PDS system is met out of budgetary allocation for food subsidy.
"During 2014-15, the allocation under food subsidy is Rs 1,10,500 crore against which Rs 93,894 crore has been released so far," he added.
Replying to a separate query, Danve said: "There is also no proposal for reduction in food subsidy".
He also informed that Rs 89,740.02 crore were disbursed to state-owned FCI and decentralised producing (DCP) states as food subsidy.
"The National Food Security Act (NFSA) has deemed to have come into force on July 5, 2013. Based on the preparedness and identification of beneficiaries for coverage under the Act, reported by them, allocation of foodgrains to 11 states/UTs ...has started under the Act," Danve said.
These 11 states/UTs are- Bihar, Chandigarh, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab and Rajasthan.
Remaining 25 states/UTs have not completed the preparatory measures required for the implementation of the Act.
"Currently a monthly allocation of about 18.34 lakh tonnes is being made under NFSA to the 11 states/UTs...allocation of foodgrains under existing PDS is being continued in states/UTs where implementation of NFSA has not started," Danve said.

Kashmir: Militants strike at 4 places; 11 soldiers killed in UriTwenty-one people, including 11 security men, were killed in a string of militant strikes in Kashmir Friday, days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to campaign for the assembly elections.
 
In the deadliest attack, heavily-armed militants stormed an army camp in the border town of Uri, killing three policemen and eight army men, including a lieutenant colonel, before the third phase of state elections Tuesday (December 9).
 
Six militants were also killed in the gun battle that began after the insurgents cut through a wire fence around the heavily-fortified artillery camp and fired rocket-propelled grenades at the security forces in their bunkers. The gunfight lasted close to six hours.
Army soldiers search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gunbattle in Mohra in Uri. (Reuters Photo)
In the other attacks -- all within 12 hours of the Uri strike -- two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants were killed in an encounter in Soura as they tried to sneak into Srinagar while gunmen hurled a grenade at a bus stop in Tral in south Kashmir, killing two civilians and injuring five. Militants also fired at a police search party in Shopian near Srinagar, but there were no casualties.
 
Modi condemned the attacks and said they were "desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope" in the wake of a high voter turnout in the first two phases of polling.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he tweeted.
Chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on the micro-blogging site, "... (the attack) shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace and normalcy."
 
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said it was possible the attack “happened because of elections”.
 
Police said the Lashkar-e-Taiba's Soura attack was aimed at disrupting Modi's upcoming visit and plans by BJP ministers to campaign in the city.
"We are looking at this attack in the context of the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister. As of now, all we can reveal is that they (the militants) were out to create terror in Srinagar," AG Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir range, told Hindustan Times.
 
The Prime Minister's Monday poll rally venue at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium is less than 10 km away from the Soura encounter site where top Lashkar commander Qari Israr was killed in a three-hour gunfight.
 
Authorities have beefed up security around the venue with reports of more militants active in the Valley, who may have sneaked into the city too, said sources.
 
The attacks came close on the heels of outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, saying the Kashmir election was no substitute for a plebiscite, which India promised more than six decades ago.
 
"Pakistanis and Kashmiris are blood brothers and they cannot be separated," Saeed, who roams around freely in Pakistan, told supporters in Pakistan. "The elections in Kashmir cannot be a substitute of plebiscite."
 
He told thousands of people Friday his organisation would continue to help the Kashmiris.  "No one can stop us in our just struggle," Saeed said at a Jamaat-ud-Dawah convention in Lahore.
 
The violence comes as the BJP makes its most serious bid yet to win power in the state, banking on votes in the Hindu-majority Jammu region, and Buddhist Ladakh. It is also capitalising on the rise of independents and splits elsewhere in Muslim-majority Kashmir.
 
The Peoples Democratic Party is expected to emerge as the single largest party in the state where anger against the ruling National Conference is running high.
 
Turnout has been high so far in with over 70% of the electorate defying a poll boycott call by separatists to vote in the first two phases of the election in a bid to stop the BJP from making inroads in the Valley.
Rajnath slams Pakistan
Accusing Pakistan of giving shelter to terrorists, Union home minister Rajnath Singh said militants wanted to trigger fear psychosis among people in Jammu and Kashmir and they were frustrated by the high voter turnout.
    
Targeting Pakistan, he said, "Militants are entering this country from Pakistan and resorting to death and destruction here."
 
"Is it not true that these terrorists get shelter on Pakistan's soil? ... but they (the neighbour country) keeps denying the fact."
At the recently held Hindustan Times Leadership Summit, the home minister had said terrorism in India was "completely Pakistan-sponsored".
     
"If Pakistan is facing problems in stopping this (terrorism), then they should talk to India. We are willing to help them," Singh said on Friday, talking to reporters at Pargwal border belt of Jammu district and in Rajouri during the course of addressing poll rallies.
(with agency inputs)

Take responsibility  India to tell developed countries in Climate conferenceTake responsibility, India to tell developed countries in climate conference
Aesha Datta
Tweet
December, 5:  
India will bring up the issue of Kyoto Protocol and the need for early ratification of the second commitment period during the ongoing UN climate change talks being held in Peru, Prakash Javadekar, Minister for Environment and Forests, said on Friday.
Calling, once again, on India’s “right to develop,” Javadekar said, “Developed countries must take up their responsibilities, which are due.”
“We are going to say that all parties, who were party to Kyoto, must ratify (the second commitment period) otherwise by 2020 the whole space of carbon will be full and we need to grow. So, our emissions will grow and where will they be parked?” he told mediapersons on Friday.
He added that US, Japan, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and others, who did not ratify Kyoto Protocol, must take their own voluntary actions and declare their contributions.
Showing no signs of any softening, Javadekar kept the focus on the responsibilities of the developed countries in dealing with climate change. The Minister is set to leave for the Peruvian capital, Lima, on Saturday to attend the high-level talks starting from December 8 at the ongoing United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Lima, Peru.
In line with the negotiations in the past, Javadekar said principles of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities must continue because they are “just”.
He further emphasised that developed countries have not delivered on the financial commitments of $100 billion a year to help developing countries deal with climate change. Of this, he said, only $9.3 billion has been collected in the fund and “nothing has been given.”
India will reveal its own emission cut targets by early next year, he said, adding, “These will be aggressive intended nationally determined contributions.”
He said India has already stepped off the business-as-usual path, which it could have continued on, with aggressive solar targets, which have been increased five folds from 20,000 MW to 1,00,000 MW. And this will result in saving 50 million tonnes of coal, he said.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

AP GSDP grows by 6.5 per cent in Q2Andhra Pradesh GSDP grows by 6.5% in second quarter
V. Rishi Kumar
Steady growth The mining and quarrying sector registered a growth of 7.92 per cent due to increase in production of minerals
During first half of 2014-2015, the State registers 7% growth, beats national average
Hyderabad, Dec 5:  
The Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) of Andhra Pradesh has registered a growth of 6.46 per cent during the second quarter (Q2 July- September) at constant (2004-05) prices for the year 2014-15.
The GSDP is estimated to be Rs 50,144 crore (Rs 47,103 crore). The country’s Q2 GDP registered a growth rate of 5.33 per cent.
During the first half of 2014-15, the State economy has registered a growth of 6.94 per cent at constant prices as against All-India growth of 5.52 per cent. The contribution of the services sector is more than 57 per cent and industry contributed 26 per cent.
The State Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, who reviewed the half yearly (April to September) economic trends for the year 2014-15, stated sectors such as livestock, banking and insurance, real estate and ownership of dwelling, electricity, mining and quarrying, communication, transport, hotel and restaurant registered growth during the period.
The agriculture and allied sectors during the second quarter contributed Rs 8,134 crore (Rs 7,715 crore), registering a growth of 5.43 per cent. The All-India agriculture sector is estimated at Rs 1,55,712 crore as against Rs 1,50,822 crore, registering a growth of 3.24 percent.
The State fishing sector however registered a negative growth of 10.73 per cent.
During the second quarter, the industrial sector contributed Rs 12,341 crore (Rs 12,051 crore), registering a growth of 2.4 per cent. The mining and quarrying sector registered a growth of 7.92 per cent due to increase in production of minerals. The manufacturing sector registered insignificant growth of 0.08 per cent and electricity and construction sector registered a growth of 9.47 and 3.16 per cent respectively.
The services sector accounted for Rs 29, 670 crore (Rs 27, 337 crore), registering a growth of 8.53 per cent.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

SAIL issue subscribed more than two-timesUpdate: SAIL share offer over-subscribed; govt raises Rs 1,715 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 21:24 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Steel Authority of India's (SAIL) share sale was subscribed more than two times, fetching the exchequer Rs 1,715 crore and kicking-off the government's ambitious disinvestment drive.
The first disinvestment offering in the ongoing financial year saw retail investors lapping up SAIL shares taking the overall subscription to 2.08 times (42.93 crore shares) of the 20.65 crore shares on offer.
Government's stake in SAIL will come down to 75 per cent pursuant to this public issue, helping the state-run steel major to meet market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) listing norms.
The government has set a target to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sales in various PSU firms during the 2014-15 fiscal in a bid to plug the fiscal deficit.
The Offer For Sale (OFS) got bids for 42.93 crore aggregating to over Rs 3,400 crore but with the government not opting for the green-shoe option, only Rs 1,715 crore would come to the exchequer.
"OFS for disinvestment of 5 per cent of government equity in SAIL successfully concluded, to fetch Rs 1,715 crore approximately for the government," a Finance Ministry statement said.
The offering for SAIL shares also received a robust response from retail investors, to whom the government has offered a five per cent price discount and has reserved 10 per cent or over 2 crore shares for them.
2.06 crore shares, or 10 per cent, which were earmarked for retail investors were subscribed 2.66 times, while the general category shares were subscribed 2.01 times, according to data released by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"Retail investors category was... Hugely oversubscribed more than 2.5 times, a record for any retail participation in any OFS," the finance ministry statement added.
A successful start to the ambitious disinvestment programme will help government contain the fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the current financial year.
The government has lined up a host of state-run firms to pare holdings - including a 5 per cent stake sale in ONGC, 10 per cent in Coal India (CIL) and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
SAIL is probably the first OFS in which domestic bourses are showing retail and general category subscription with their respective indicative price separately.
The floor, or the minimum offer, price for SAIL's share sale has been set at Rs 83 a piece , which is 2.75 per cent less than the scrip's closing price on Thursday.

When Oppn unites  CPI(M) gets dividedComments
When the Opposition unites, the CPI(M) gets divided!
On Thursday late night, former West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharyya publicly protested the party’s Lok Sabha wing’s move to hold joint rally with arch-rival Trinamool outside Parliament.
This rare public outburst from the tallest leader of CPI(M)’s Bengal unit, which is already disgruntled over several strategies of the central leadership, prompted the comrades in Lower House avoid the Opposition’s grand protest outside Parliament building Friday where the Congress, Trinamool and others participated.
Bhattacharya’s key objection was against party MPs joining protests with Trinamool against derogatory comments by a Union minister when the state CPI(M) is fighting for action against Trinamool MP Tapas Paul for his threat to send boys to rape women in families of CPI(M) supporters.
“Our party is consistently demanding the resignation of the minister. But we cannot go into a joint programme with Trinamool which has no credibility in the fight against communalism. Strict action against Tapas Paul also needs to be taken," Bhattacharya’s statement said.
The incident, once again, brought out the underlying tension and disconnect between the Karat-led central leadership and the state leadership in Bengal, where the party is struggling to remain relevant. Sources added that party’s Lok Sabha leader P Karunakaran, a veteran from Kerala, agreed to hold joint protests. With just nine MPs in Lok Sabha, the CPI(M) is far from being a major force on the basis of its own strength.
Karunakaran, sources added, enjoyed the support of Karat who told some of his colleagues Thursday, “This is good. Now, something will also happen in Lok Sabha.” Till Thursday, the Opposition versus the government fight was restricted to Rajya Sabha only where the Opposition enjoys majority over the government.
CPI(M) Rajya Sabha leader and politburo member Sitaram Yechury told HT, “The decision (to join protest with Trinamool) was taken by the Lok Sabha unit. As far as we are concerned, the CPI(M) is Rajya Sabha is leading the protests in the Upper House and our cooperation is limited within the House.”
Trinamool spokesperson Derek O’Brian took a dig at Bhattacharyya for forcing his party stay out of the protests: “He lost the assembly election by a margin of 30,000 votes. It was their loss not to join protests.”
Sources added, Bhattacharyya came to know about the developments late in the night and immediately tried to connect Karat and Yechury. Unable to get them, he called up a young party MP of Rajya Sabha and vented his frustration over the decision. Later, the former CM managed to speak to the two leaders and told them that he would issue a statement—a rare act in a regimented party like the CPI(M).

Burger King  Tim Hortons to Close Deal Next WeekIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Mix the news: A musical tribute to former D.C. mayor Marion BarryBy Helena Andrews December 5 Follow @helena_andrews
Chuck Brown is joined onstage by Marion Barry. (Kyle Gustafson)
There are plenty of opportunities to bid an official farewell to former D.C. mayor Marion Barry, who died Nov. 23 at 78. Washington is taking three days to say goodbye to the politician with the outsized personality, with a public viewing of his coffin at the John A. Wilson Building and a large-scale televised event at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. But for those who might prefer a personal moment of not exactly silence, WPFW’s DJ Lance Reynolds curated this week’s mix for you.
1. “Nobody Knows You When You’re Down and Out” — Sam Cooke
“However true these words may be, Marion Barry always had love here in Washington. This reminds me of the slogan: ‘He may not be perfect, but he’s perfect for D.C.’ ”
2. “Kings” —  Dontae Winslow
“This song reminds me of the halcyon days of the Black Politician in the late ’70s and early ’80s. My home was filled by the uplifting music of Dr. Donald Byrd, and with names like Maynard Jackson, Doug Wilder, Bobby Scott, Tom Bradley, Harold Washington and, of course, Mayor Marion Barry.”
3. “Don’t Let No One Get You Down” — War
“What always struck me about Marion Barry was that no matter what was happening around him, be it political or personal, he had an uncanny ability to hold his head high. In my view, that ability is one of the greatest hallmarks of the Civil Rights Generation.”
4. “Let Me See You in the Light” — LaBelle
“This song is about breaking free of the burdens of the spotlight by standing in it. I imagine that Mayor Barry is “feeling good/feeling free” right now. The energy of the song reminds me to look at people without judgement.”
5. “I Don’t Want Nobody to Give Me Nothing” — James Brown
“ The Summer Youth Jobs Program is this song in action. The lyric ‘We don’t want no sympathy, we just want to be a Man’ says it all.”
6. “DC City” — Roy Ayers
“Blazing hot D.C. summer. Fort Dupont Park. Roy Ayers. Need I say more? This song is more like an adjective or a verb here in the city.”
7. “I Am the Black Gold of the Sun” — Nuyorican Soul
“This is another song that brings to mind the striver’s mentality during the late ’70s and ’80s. The consistent piano melody reminds me of the hard work of maintaining upward mobility in America. It’s all about the vibe on this one.”
8. “Remember Who You Are” — Sly Stone
“Seeing the old photos of ‘Soul Brother Barry’ complete with his Afro, reminded me that he was once a young man, pushing to make it by bringing up his people.”
9. “Who’s Gonna Take the Weight” — Kool and the Gang
“Who else will care for those that Mayor Barry loved so much? Who else will step up to lead? As Barry said, ‘You can’t lead where you won’t go and you can’t teach what you don’t know.’ ”
10. “Country Boy” — Chuck Brown
“Mayor Barry loved joining Chuck Brown on stage for this song whenever he was present at a show. Dedicated to all of us ‘Country Boys’ that have come to the big city to make their respective ways.”
Read more Reliable Source: 

SIX Swiss Exchange woos Indian companies to make them listedSIX Swiss Exchange woos Indian companies to make them listed
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec 5:  
Leading European bourse SIX Swiss Exchange is wooing Indian industrial and life sciences companies to get listed on its platform.
A three-member team is visiting the city to target companies including players in automobile and auto ancillary, pharmaceutical, biotech and medtech, the exchange said in a release.
It said the Swiss financial centre and SIX Swiss Exchange hold strong appeal for industrial and life sciences companies.
The exchange with over $1,335 billion of free float market capitalisation, representing over 40 per cent of the European market capitalisation of listed life sciences companies and with P/E ratios for industrials (as measured for the year to June 2014) averaging above 18x, has many advantages to offer.
Stating that Switzerland has longstanding tradition in the life science sector, it said Switzerland has the world’s highest number per capita of biotech and medtech companies, and it gives listing companies wanting to diversify their investor base the unique advantage of access to the huge Swiss capital market.
“With nearly 60 Industrial companies listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the industrial sector together with the Financial and Life Sciences industry, is one of the most important industries on our exchange,” said Marco Estermann, Head Issuer Relations, SIX Swiss Exchange.
“The Life Sciences industry accounts for approximately one-third of the total market capitalisation of SIX Swiss Exchange. With approximately 43 per cent of the European life sciences market capitalisation, we are the leading European exchange in this sector,” he added.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

More warning lights flash for equity peakMore warning lights flash for equity peak
Jamie Chisholm
Non-farm payrolls are unlikely to spook stocks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3a75d8a-7b8e-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Morning Plum: Ted Cruzs brilliant strategy to help Ted CruzBy Greg Sargent December 5 Follow @theplumlinegs
The fault lies not in Ted Cruz’s government shutdown strategy. It lies in the GOP leadership’s craven unwillingness to see Ted Cruz’s government shutdown strategy through to the end. We know this, because Ted Cruz is already telling us so.
Byron York has a fascinating piece this morning getting at the intensifying disagreements among Republicans over the party’s response to Obama’s executive action shielding millions from deportation. Republicans who doubt the wisdom of following Ted Cruz, Michele Bachmann and Steve King over the shutdown cliff ask a good question: Why stage a confrontation now, when Republicans will be in control of both chambers of Congress next year, and will be in a marginally better position (if at all) to force Obama to relent?
The answer, York reports, is that conservatives don’t “trust” the GOP leadership and don’t believe they really want to see this fight through — and will make excuses for punting even when they hold 54 Senate seats next year. As Cruz puts it: “Even with a Republican House and Senate, the same folks who are saying ‘Gosh, we can’t do anything now’ in January are going to say ‘Gosh, we don’t have 60 votes in the Senate.’”
The House GOP leadership wants to fund most of the government for a year, while only funding the Department of Homeland Security — which oversees immigration enforcement — until February, supposedly to pick up the battle over executive action next year. Cruz says that’s not good enough — he wants Republicans to attach a “rider” defunding Obama’s action to the spending bill, and challenge Democrats to oppose it. But as York notes, once Democrats shrug at this move, “what happens after that is not clear.”
These quotes from unnamed GOP aides on both sides perfectly capture the situation:
“Conservative Republicans believe leadership will cave to Obama because conservative Republicans are not stupid,” said one GOP aide. “Leadership is bound and determined to never have a funding fight on executive amnesty.”
“Ask them what their backup plan is after the government shuts down,” said another GOP aide, referring to the forces who want action now. “They don’t have one. They know their plan is a dead-end strategy, but they don’t care. All they care about is making themselves look good to the Heritage Action/purity-for-profit crowd.”
That last question is a good one. But the answer to it is easy, and gets at why Ted Cruz’s strategy is such a brilliant one — for Ted Cruz. What comes next, after the government shuts down? Simple: Republicans hold the line until Obama is forced to buckle and give up his executive action. How long would that take, and how much damage would be done in the process, both to the GOP and to the country? Well, that doesn’t matter.
It is true, as the GOP aide sympathetic to Cruz says above, that GOP leaders don’t appear to want a funding showdown over Obama’s action. But there’s a good reason for that: As Jonathan Bernstein explains , the politics of government shutdowns institutionally favor presidents, which means the GOP stands to lose a lot more if a protracted shutdown takes place. But in Cruz’s construction of the situation, none of that matters. Since Obama’s move is tantamount to that of a “ monarch ,” it is on Congress to resist it at all costs and by any means necessary, and if it doesn’t, it will have betrayed the American people.
By the way, I don’t think the battle over executive action is a slam dunk for Democrats. There are ways in which they could lose this fight. But it seems to me the more likely way Republicans win it is if they pass targeted immigration legislation next year that includes a measure rolling back Obama’s action, and pick off Senate Democrats to support it — enough to override a veto.
If anything, turning this into a shutdown fight probably helps Obama. But to Cruz, it doesn’t matter if the incentives in a shutdown standoff likely dictate that Obama would hold out until Republicans backed down. Republican leaders should hold out forever, or until Obama caves, whichever comes first. If they don’t, they have failed.
In other words, there is no point at which Cruz’s strategy can ever be declared a failure. It can only be failed by the fecklessness of GOP leaders.
***********************************************************
* DO DEMS HAVE LEVERAGE IN SHUTDOWN FIGHT? Republicans may not be able to pass funding for the government without Democratic help. Politico reports that Nancy Pelosi is privately telling fellow Dems to let Boehner twist in the wind :
“If you think it’s a good idea to tell them, ‘Oh, I’ll be with you no matter what,’ then you destroy our leverage,” Pelosi said, according to sources in the room. “And if they have the votes, then it’s a non-situation.”
As I reported yesterday , Democrats will probably end up supporting a bill funding most of the government that defers a defunding fight over Obama’s executive action until next year, but only if the current one does nothing to undermine that action.
 * A ‘BOOM’ JOB REPORT: The November jobs numbers are in , and we’ve got some real movement here, folks:
Total nonfarm payroll employment increased by 321,000 in November, and the unemployment rate was unchanged at 5.8 percent. Job gains were widespread, led by growth in professional and business services, retail trade, health care, and manufacturing.
Ben White : “There is really no soft underbelly to this jobs report. Wages up, work-week longer, labor force bigger, revisions up. It’s unalloyed good.”
* WILL REPUBLICANS OPPOSE PROBE INTO GARNER KILLING? Carl Hulse reports that Senate Republicans now say the Justice Department civil rights investigation into the police killing of Eric Garner will raise questions about the confirmation of Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch, who is leading the probe:
“Why does the federal government feel like it is its responsibility and role to be the leader in an investigation in a local instance?” asked Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, who said all state and local options should first be exhausted. “I want to know what her priorities are.”
It will be interesting to see how many Republicans agree. Rand Paul has come out for action against police over-militarization and has even linked the problem directly to race . So you’d think there might be some bipartisan agreement on a probe, no?
* GOP TO HOLD UP AG-NOMINEE OVER DEPORTATIONS? Also from the above story , some Republican Senators want to use the nomination of Lynch to clarify whether she agrees with the legality of Obama’s deportation relief:
Republicans agreed that Ms. Lynch would face tough questioning over her view of the president’s executive action easing the threat of deportation for millions of undocumented immigrants….”She is going to have to answer whether or not she intends to follow the law,” said Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and a vocal critic of the policy. “That is going to be a big issue.”
This move has also been endorsed by (natch) Ted Cruz. As Steven Dennis recently observed , blocking the first female African American Attorney General, to block deportation relief, might complicate GOP outreach.
* YES, DEMS WERE RIGHT TO PASS OBAMACARE: Paul Krugman does a demolition job on Chuck Schumer’s suggestion that Dems should have “focused on the economy” rather than expand health care to millions when they had the opportunity. Krugman notes the ACA benefits more than just a “small” minority, adding:
What is the purpose of winning elections? The answer, I hope, is to do good — not simply to set yourself up to win the next election. In 2009-10, Democrats had their first chance in a generation to do what we should have done three generations ago, and ensure adequate health care for all of our citizens. It would have been incredibly cynical not to have seized that opportunity, and Democrats should be celebrating the fact that they did the right thing.
One additional point: If Democrats hadn’t reformed health care then, how long would it have taken before the next chance to do it arose?
 * QUESTION OF THE DAY, FAKE DEFICIT HAWK EDITION: Senator Dick Durbin asks a good question of the incoming Senate Republicans’ majority:
“We’re looking to see if they’re still budget hawks when they’re in the majority.”
Spoiler: No.
* AND THE QUOTE OF THE DAY, FECKLESS GOP LEADERSHIP SELL-OUT EDITION: Speaker John Boehner was asked about conservative suggestions that Obama be disinvited from the State of the Union address. He squashed the idea :
When asked if the State of the Union invitation was in jeopardy, Mr. Boehner responded with a laugh. “The more the president talks about his ideas, the more unpopular he becomes,” he said. “Why would I want to deprive him of that opportunity?”
Good response! But the fact that Boehner even needs to come up with a careful answer to this question is itself striking and revealing.
 
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Zekes to host kopi luwak coffee tasting in JanuaryBlame it on " The Bucket List ."
The 2007 buddy flick starred Morgan Freeman and Jack Nicholson as two terminally ill dudes trying to pack their final days with all the adventures they had skipped during their healthy years. One of the comedy's recurring bits involves the Nicholson character, a health-care tycoon, and his pompous affection for kopi luwak coffee , "the rarest beverage in the world," as he calls it.
Despite learning his beloved beverage is brewed with beans that have coursed through the digestive tract of wild Asian palm civets — a, ahem, crappy process that's supposed to mellow the coffee's acids — Nicholson's character apparently launched an international craze for kopi luwak. That, in turn, has led to fraudulent products and, even worse, to poor captive civet cats going loopy in their cages , all so a privileged few could say they sipped on rare Indonesian "cat s--- coffee," as the pricy product is (sort of) affectionately known.
John Kepner, owner of the Zeke's Coffee on Rhode Island Avenue NE , promises his kopi luwak tasting on Jan. 11 will have no beans sourced from these unfortunately confined cats fed a poor diet of only coffee cherries. Kepner's civet coffee, going for $10 for a cup, will be brewed from beans collected in the wild. Or to be more precise (and graphic), from the civet droppings collected in the wild and then cleaned and processed.
"Some poor guy is collecting it under the coffee trees,” Kepner deadpans.
The Zeke's location in Baltimore started hosting kopi luwak tastings in 2008, but this is the first one at the D.C. shop. Kepner says he and his family have been buying from the same source from the start: Luwak Coffee , a boutique roaster based in Bali, Indonesia. Zeke's buys civet-digested green beans from Sumatra for a $180 a pound, which is still $50 cheaper than the roasted beans that Luwak Coffee peddles (although, as Kepner notes, there is some weight loss when roasting a pound of green beans yourself).
At those kind of prices, this coffee has to taste better than the pre-ground, cat-processed manure I reviewed almost three years ago (and which gets quoted around the 'Net as if it were the last word on all kopi luwak, which it is certainly not). Kepner says his beans, roasted to a medium-brown "city" roast, remind him of Kona coffee or "an extra-smooth Indonesia coffee."
"If your favorite coffee is a bright, lively, acidic coffee, it’s not the coffee for you," he says. "You’re doing it more for the experience.”
Kepner's cousin, Brett Rhodes, holds raw, unprocessed civet coffee. This is not the stuff that Zeke's will serve on Jan. 11. (Photo courtesy of Zeke's)
Kepner plans to prepare the coffee with a Melitta pourover pot, and your $10 cup will include a tour of the Zeke's roasting facility. The tastings will be held hourly, starting at 8 a.m. at the Baltimore store and 9 a.m. at the D.C. shop. Kepner says he's already sold 75 percent of his advance tickets, but adds he can schedule more tastings as necessary.
Tickets for the Jan. 11 Baltimore tasting can be purchased here .
Tickets for the Jan. 11. D.C. tasting can be purchased here .
"It is kind of a 'Bucket List' thing," Kepner says. "It’s like a jumping into the Potomac for a polar bear plunge.”
 

The vast majority of poor neighborhoods arent gentrifying. Theyre stuck in poverty.By Emily Badger December 5 Follow @emilymbadger
A neighborhood of concentrated poverty in Baltimore. (Linda Davidson / The Washington Post)
Despite their ubiquity in the media, gentrifying neighborhoods that evolve over time from low-income to well-off are quite rare. It is far, far more common that once-poor neighborhoods stay that way over time — or, worse, that they grow poorer.
Joe Cortright and Dillon Mahmoudi illustrate this plainly in a new City Observatory analysis tracking the persistence of poverty over the last four decades in the 51 largest metropolitan areas in the U.S. Back in 1970, there were 1,100 high-poverty Census tracts in the nation's largest cities (these are places where the poverty rate tops 30 percent).
By 2010, a mere fraction of those same Census tracts — about 100 of them in all — had poverty rates that had fallen below the national average.
The overwhelmingly majority of these urban neighborhoods that were poor in 1970 have not seen new condo construction, or population growth or socioeonomic change in the years since then. They have seen, rather, persistent poverty, and the lingering disadvantages that come with it.
What's more, the number of such high-poverty urban Census tracts in urban America has proliferated since the 1970s. There were 1,119 in 1970, by Cortright and Mahmoudi's count (they've looked at tracts within 10 miles of the central business district in each of these 51 metros). By 2010, there were 3,165.
In that time, the total population living in high-poverty census tracts has more than doubled, as has the number of poor people living there in concentrated poverty:
According to Cortright and Mahmoudi, this spread and persistence of concentration of poverty — and not gentrification — is the "biggest problem confronting American cities." And these trends touch nearly every city in their analysis. Just a sampling of them:
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Wall Street opens higher after payrolls reportWall Street dips in volatile trade; oil prices fall further
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
0
The S&P 500 energy index <.SPNY> bounced between positive and negative territory but ended down 0.7 percent after U.S. crude  settled off 3.3 percent at $55.91, hitting fresh 5-1/2 year lows. Both U.S. crude and Brent have fallen roughly 50 percent from highs in June.
"The question of lower global demand ... and how that translates into global economic growth, is a worry for investors," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Utility and financial shares were also among the day's biggest losers, with shares of JPMorgan Chase  down 1.5 percent at $59.16.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 99.99 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,180.84, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.7 points, or 0.63 percent, to 1,989.63 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 48.44 points, or 1.04 percent, to 4,605.16.
The S&P 500 ended below its 50-day moving average in a sign of possible further selling.
Shares of pet supply retailer PetSmart  rose 4.2 percent to $80.97 after it agreed to be bought by a private equity consortium led by BC Partners Ltd for $8.7 billion, in the largest leveraged buyout of the year.
Among the day's economic numbers, U.S. manufacturing output recorded its largest increase in nine months in November as production expanded across the board, pointing to underlying strength in the economy. However, the New York Federal Reserve's gauge of manufacturing turned negative in December for the first time in almost two years.
About 8.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 7.4 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancers 2,354 to 749, for a 3.14-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,962 issues fell and 790 advanced for a 2.48-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 34 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 40 new highs and 179 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Cramer: Jobs number won t ignite marketsCramer: Jobs number won't ignite markets
Friday,  5 Dec 2014 |  8:53  AM ET
CNBC's Jim Cramer says Friday's strong jobs number may be too strong for some.
SHARES
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Greek hopes on bailout farewell seem dashedGreek hopes of waving goodbye to bailout appear to be dashed
Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/942d2312-7c65-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Live #ExpressITAwards: TCS veteran S Ramadorai gets Lifetime Achievement AwardSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The Financial Express felicitated those whose exemplary performance is an inspiration to most at the ‘Express IT Awards’ held in Bengaluru today. Judged by an eminent jury of experts, the awards recognised and rewarded both, companies at the cutting edge of technology innovation and leading professionals across the IT industry.
Gathered in the city’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology was the country’s tech fraternity to raise a toast to the winners of the second Express I.T. Awards — instituted by the Indian Express Group — who have been chosen by an eminent jury.
Check out the winners
Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, was honoured for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry with the Lifetime Achievement award.
This time around, the Newsmaker of the Year is Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, who takes home the award for steering his firm in a landmark year that saw it scale newer heights with a $2.7-billion acquisition.
Check it out as it happened:
Tweets by @FinancialXpress
The awards, across seven categories, showcase the most innovative and scalable IT solutions across the most relevant fields namely, IT Innovation, IT Biz, Mobility Solutions, Analytics Solutions, Cloud Solutions, IT Entrepreneurship and Green Technologies.
The jury comprised Som Mittal, former Nasscom president, TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education, Google India’s Anandan, and S Sadagopan, director, IIT, Bengaluru. PwC provided knowledge support for the awards.
Join the conversation:
TAGS: Express IT Awards
More from companies

RUSADA begins investigation of dopingclaimsBy: Associated Press | Moscow |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:33 pm
The Russian Anti-Doping Agency has launched an investigation into claims of corruption and systematic doping in the country and within its own ranks.
German television channel ARD broadcast a documentary in which former RUSADA official Vitaly Stepanov accused the agency of routinely covering up positive doping tests by leading Russian athletes in a variety of sports. He also said the head of the national anti-doping laboratory had sold banned substances and falsified tests.
“RUSADA is starting its own investigation in relation to those involved in the film and the information presented by them,” the anti-doping agency said Friday in a statement.
The aim of the investigation is to “check the facts presented,” the agency said, without giving any further details.
ARD also appeared to show reigning Olympic 800-meter champion Maria Savinova admitting to using the banned steroid oxandrolone, and ARD and French sports daily L’Equipe reported that three-time Chicago Marathon winner Liliya Shobukhova paid 450,000 euros ($600,000) to avoid a doping ban. Shobukhova was eventually banned for doping and she said some of the money was refunded.
On Thursday, RUSADA executive director Nikita Kamaev said he was highly skeptical of the claims and would take no immediate action.
RUSADA and the national laboratory are funded and overseen by the Russian government.
Russia has seen a string of doping scandals in recent years, including the banning of Olympic race-walking champion Yulia Lashmanova for two years in June.
The director of the center where Lashmanova trained was banned by RUSADA for four years last month following an investigation into repeated doping violations by athletes there. At least 17 athletes from the center have been found guilty of doping offenses.

How Astronauts Watched Orion LaunchIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

NASA s Orion Craft Hits High Point of 3 600 MilesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

RBI eases norms for White Label ATM operatorsRBI eases norms for White Label ATM operators
Beena Parmar
Allows WLAs to accept intl cards and to receive cash by tying up with any commercial bank
Outside the Reserve Bank of India building in Mumbai (file photo).
Mumbai, Dec 05:  
White Label ATM (WLA) or Non-banking ATMs can now accept international cards and also source cash supply from other than banks.
The Reserve Bank of India on Friday provided a breather to WLA operators by allowing them to accept international credit/debit/prepaid cards.
“The cards issued under card payment network schemes (authorized under the PSS Act 2007) will be allowed for the purpose. The WLA operators have to ensure that they have established technical connectivity with the respective card network operators either directly or through their sponsor banks,” RBI said in a notification based on the review of the operations of WLAs.
However, in the case of cards issued under any other card scheme, the routing and settlement should take place based on the bilateral arrangement put in place by the existing authorised networks.
The RBI also permitted the facility of Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC) for the use of international cards at WLAs. The currency conversion rate will only be obtained from authorised dealer bank. WLAO will be restricted to converting the amount requested by the international cardholder (based on the DCC option selected by him) to his home currency using a Base Exchange Rate provided by the AD bank.
Cash sourcing
In addition, RBI has enabled delinking of cash supply from sponsor banks. WLA operators may now tie up with other commercial banks for cash supply at WLAs. Earlier, the cash supply had to be managed only through a sponsor bank which limited the scope of cash management for the operators.
The RBI added that while the cash would be owned by the WLA operators, the responsibility of ensuring the quality and genuineness of cash loaded at such WLAs would be that of the cash supplier bank and that a suitable Service Level Agreements (SLA) may be drawn up between the operators and the cash supplier bank for the quality of notes.
Further, the WLA operators who have been authorised and have commenced operations are required to intimate RBI regarding commencement of the services, the banking regulator added.
RBI has so far authorised seven companies to set up WLAs -- Tata Communications Payment Solutions, Prizm Payment Services, Muthoot Finance, Vakrangee, BTI Payments, Srei Infrastructure Finance, and RiddiSiddhi Bullions Ltd.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Telangana sets up Task Force to look into land allotmentsTelangana sets up Task Force to look into land allotments
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec. 5:  
Taking a serious view of abuse of land allotments, the Telangana Government has appointed a Task Force to look into the issue and submit a detailed report. It appointed Shyam Kumar Sinha, a former bureaucrat as Chairman of the Task Force.
This could open pandora's box as all the allotments happened in the undivided State. 
The Government has issued a GO announcing terms of reference to the panel. This is a follow-up of the debate in the just concluded Assembly and a recent review meeting conducted by Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao.
In the GO, Chief Secretary Rajiv Sharma said a large number of cases needed to be inquired into for verifying the “appropriateness” of land allotments made previously. “In a number of cases, lands allotted or alienated by the Government have not been put to the intended use. They require a thorough scrutiny and action, if need be,” he said.
The Task Force has been asked to compile a comprehensive record of alienation, allocation, allotment and transfer of all public land and the nature of its use. Its mandate is also to highlight violations and deviations. It would also build a record of jagir lands in Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts.
The panel will also come out with suggestions for speedy disposal of cases in various courts.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

JPM s Dimon:  Completely clear  of cancer
Santa couldnt help but admire Obamas dance moves at the National Christmas Tree LightingBy Jaime Fuller December 5 Follow @j_fuller
Last night the humble members of the Historical Society of Presidential Dance rejoiced. They had a new entry for their slim-but-splendorous archives.
President Barack Obama dances on stage with Santa, members of Fifth Harmony, left, Chely Wright, Nico & Vinz and a member of The Tenors, behind, during the National Christmas Tree lighting ceremony at the Ellipse near the White House in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
What an amazing specimen. Most of the performers on stage with President Obama during the National Christmas Tree Lighting are so gobsmacked by the president's moves that they can do little but stare .
President Obama wowed Saint Nick with his dance moves Thursday night at the National Christmas Tree Lighting. (Associated Press)
Even Santa is unable to contain his fascination. Nico Sereba of Norwegian pop duo Nico & Vinz is not staring at the president dance, but we assume he is thinking about it. Whether he is sad because he will never be able to replicate those sweet dad moves, or because he had to watch them in the first place, the world may never know.
As we speak, the historians at the Historical Society of Presidential Dance are probably preserving this historical moment alongside other gems of their collection, including that time George W. Bush did this.
Barack Obama has already contributed many dances to the Historical Society of Presidential Dance's collection.
Many of the potential presidential candidates of 2016 will likely be assessed by their ability to dance in ways worth preserving for posterity.
Source: Buzzfeed
 
Source: Giphy
Obama made some other memorable faces during the tree lighting, although none that would interest scholars of dance leadership. There was the moment when he tried to recreate the Christmas Eve moment from the end of "Sleepless in Seattle," and Tom Hanks was blissfully unaware.
President Barack Obama, right, and actor Tom Hanks, left, talk as they sit in the audience together during the National Christmas Tree lighting ceremony at the Ellipse near the White House in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
But there was mostly swaying to one side....
President Barack Obama dances on stage with Santa, members of Fifth Harmony, left, Chely Wright, Nico & Vinz and a member of The Tenors, behind, during the National Christmas Tree lighting ceremony at the Ellipse near the White House in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
...And then swaying to the other.
REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.

Crazy: 1 in every 10 robberies involves the theft of a phone( jhaymesisvip )
Maybe it's happened to you before: You're in a cab or at a restaurant and you accidentally leave your smartphone behind. By the time you've realized it's missing, it's too late: Some enterprising thief has pilfered your device.
Many phones come with remote wiping or locking features, so that if the unthinkable happens you can keep prying eyes from accessing your files. The largest cellular networks in the country have also voluntarily agreed to add such features in all new smartphones made after July 2015.
But now the Federal Communications Commission wants to cement that agreement — and on a much faster timetable. In letters sent to Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint and U.S. Cellular on Thursday, agency chairman Tom Wheeler asked the companies to make "'lock/wipe/restore' functionality operational by default on all devices … by the end of the first quarter of 2015."
An FCC study this week concluded that thieves steal more than a million phones a year. Of all robberies committed annually in the United States, about one in 10 involves the theft of a mobile device, according to the report. Even those figures are probably incomplete, given that the FCC drew its data from just 21 jurisdictions (albeit along with information from the FBI). So Wheeler is also asking the carriers to collect better data about how many phones get stolen on a regular basis, and when.
Unsurprisingly, wireless lobbyists are pushing back against what it calls the "artificial deadline" set by the FCC.
"The relevant state laws and the [industry] voluntary commitment contemplate new solutions in July 2015," said Jamie Hastings, an executive at the industry association CTIA. "The [FCC study] made no reference to implementing any specific recommendations by the end of the first quarter of 2015, and it is unclear why the FCC chairman’s letter to some stakeholders appears to shift that timetable."
Either way, it appears that you'll soon be able to erase your phone remotely if it ever leaves your possession — no matter which national carrier you choose.
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Why shouldnt Ayelet Waldman complainBy Ron Charles December 5 Follow @roncharles
(Cynthia Kittler/For The Washington Post)
Not being the subject of Ayelet Waldman’s twittewrath , I kind of enjoyed watching her rage against That Other East Coast Newspaper, which dared to omit her novel “ Love & Treasure ” from its list of 2014 notable books.
Yes, it was a little cringe-inducing to read her Medea tweets, so full of wounded privilege and pricked pride. But what’s notable about Waldman’s complaint is that it’s the only one. Surely, she was giving voice to the disappointment of thousands of authors whose good books have not shown up in year-end features and shortlists and longlists and contests. There’s something refreshing about hearing an author’s unfiltered anger in these deadly polite latter days.
Critiques of popular literary criticism rarely rise much higher than counting — How many women? How many minorities? — as though arithmetic were the ultimate arbiter of literary insight. Those, after all, are perfectly safe objections to raise. I see novels listed on other publications’ best-of lists that were among the worst books of 2014, and I suspect their editors feel the same way about a few books on The Post’s list , but, of course, we wouldn’t disturb one another’s day by expressing that out loud. It’s as though the whole literary community has taken Mom’s advice: “If you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all.”
On the other hand, do these lists matter? I mean, to anyone besides Ayelet Waldman?
They’re certainly fun to peruse. The authors included must feel a surge of validation before the usual anxieties seep back in. The lists generate relatively large Web traffic, compared to regular reviews. And they seem to spur book sales , although the evidence there is spotty and anecdotal.
Beyond that, though, it’s wise to remember that such lists — like literary prizes — are just a snapshot of a few sincere, harried people’s best judgments at a particular moment. The printed page endows a list with the aura of objective finality, but another group of smart readers at another time might have assembled a different roster entirely. The books we’ve read are always better than the books we haven’t read, and we haven’t read most of the books. We editors are trying to satisfy a broad range of tastes. We’re trying not to be influenced by personal or professional relationships. We’re trying to deal with notes from reviewers who confess — after the fact! — that a book they praised really isn’t very good. We’re trying to weigh judgments made in January against judgments made in November. We’re not sleeping well because we know we’re missing an important book, because we know that that reviewer will be offended that we ignored him, because we know we’re including a book that is deeply flawed, because we know readers will take this list into the bookstore, because we know this is the Most Important Thing We Have Ever Done in the History of Civilization.
And then the list is out, and it’s over, and the new year begins, and we’re excited to find new books to love and treasure.
Ron Charles is the editor of The Washington Post's Book World. For a dozen years, he enjoyed teaching American literature and critical theory in the Midwest, but finally switched to journalism when he realized that if he graded one more paper, he'd go crazy.

Brent falls below $69 as price rout rolls onThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ICICI Bank to sell stake in ICICI Bank Eurasia to SovcombankThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

DGCA cancels SpiceJet s 186 slots  asks airline to clear duesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Panasonic Corp chief meets Prime Minister Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Carter s nomination as Pentagon chief to boost Indo-US tiesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Terror rocks Kashmir Valley  storm Army camp  kill 11Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India s Forex reserves rise USD 1.43 bnThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Aurobindo Pharma completes Natrol buy for over Rs 810 crThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SAIL offer over-subscribedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Raw deal for AbbVie  but does anyone care2
And AbbVie is hardly the only company getting squeezed. Chiquita Brands International shareholders rejected that company's inversion play for Irish rival Fyffes, it was announced Friday. But Chiquita said it is entering into talks with bidders from Brazil, so it too moves on.
Smart businesses see risks and move to minimize damage when they realize they can't avoid danger. Deerfield-based Walgreen certainly did before it pulled the trigger on its own inversion play involving Europe's Alliance Boots.
Critics say Walgreen bowed to government pressure. Like the challenges the Walgreen and Alliance Boots combo continues to face, there are multiple factors involved. But sensing shifting sands on inversions meant not losing ground.
By the time Burger King's proposed takeover of Canada's Tim Hortons was announced, a certain weariness had begun to set in regarding run-for-the-border deals for tax-averse corporations. It's almost a numb acceptance, even though every corporate tax dollar that goes missing has to be made up for by every taxpayer left behind. A charismatic leader might have been able to make a public case for inversions, but no one has stepped up.
AbbVie's Gonzalez would be an unlikely candidate, having determinedly avoided the spotlight. Admittedly, he got some unwanted attention in September 2012, just before the split from Abbott. Crain's Chicago Business reported that his official bio had, years earlier, changed from crediting him with an undergraduate and graduate degree in biochemistry, and it turned out he had neither.
Those who worked with and around Gonzalez sang his praises, said none of this changed anything, and the mistake was written off as an error by a nonspecific underling. Blame and responsibility were steered away from Gonzalez.
There also isn't a well of good feelings toward the pharmaceutical industry. We're less inclined to marvel at all it does and has done than to go slack-jawed upon learning of the latest wonder drug that costs as much as a Cadillac Escalade. It doesn't help when your drugstore tells you what you would pay for your medication if not for your insurance.
It's disheartening to read a New York Times story of how development of medication to fight Ebola had been stymied by the lack of demonstrable market to offset the cost. And no parent watching sporting events with their kids is thrilled by the number of Viagra come-ons during commercial breaks.
In the end on Shire, AbbVie decided to take its medicine and eat a $1.64 billion breakup fee, the equivalent of telling your jilted fiancee she can keep the ring while the would-be groom settles the bill with the caterer, florist and band.
The irony for a deal that taxes made and then unmade is that AbbVie is expected to be able to write off the breakup penalty, along with other deal-related expenses — a consolation prize from the Internal Revenue Service.
You want to feel sorry for someone? How about the rest of us taxpayers?

China s Richest Man Calls the Distinction  A Great Pain
What s Under the Sheet Go Inside the L.A. Car Show
Ferguson Bakery Destroyed By Looters Receives More Than $250 000 In Donationsreddit
A bakery in Ferguson, Missouri, destroyed by looters got some sweet relief from donors who gave hundreds of thousands of dollars to help owner Natalie DuBose rebuild her beloved shop.
DuBose opened Natalie's Cakes and More at 100 South Florissant Road this summer, after getting her start selling baked goods at local flea markets.
"Everything that I invested, it came from me saving money through bake sales," she told NBC News. "Sometimes I couldn't buy a pair of tennis shoes because I wanted to make sure I had enough money to buy a bucket of icing. It was an investment all around. I always had to work at least two jobs. I never just had just one job because my dream was always to have my own bakery ."
On the night of Nov. 24, following the announcement that a grand jury would not indict Officer Darren Wilson for the shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, looters smashed the windows of her store . The glass shards ruined her supplies just days before the Thanksgiving rush.
"I am a single mom, a mother of two," she told CNN. "This is everything that I own. I can't walk away from it. I just got to start up and start baking again.
Before long, DuBose got some love and assistance.
Community members arrived at the shop , offering to help clean up the mess, to fix the broken windows and to give DuBose a much-needed hug, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported. Volunteers brought food and even offered to hand-deliver her 40 Thanksgiving orders.
A woman named Kristine Froeba from New Orleans set up a GoFundMe page to help raise money to repair DuBose's business. Froeba used social media to spread the word about the campaign. In just five days, the campaign surpassed its goal of $20,000. As of Monday morning, more than $260,000 had been donated.
DuBose has also been spreading the word about fundraisers for other local businesses affected by the unrest in Ferguson. On Nov. 28, she posted on Facebook a list of GoFundMe campaigns for burned, looted or damaged stores, including Queen's Touch Barber Shop and Juanita's Ferguson Boutique .
More:

Pizza Hut s New Menu Supposedly Reads Your Mind Then Picks Your Toppingsreddit
Pizza lovers who just can't make up their minds about what to order, rejoice! Pizza Hut has developed a new tablet-based menu that relies purely on customers’ eye movements to create their perfect pizza.
The “Subconscious Menu," which is only in test mode in the United Kingdom for now, first syncs a customer's eye movements to a tablet by asking the customer to follow a moving Pizza Hut logo on the screen. Then, the screen shows images of the chain’s 20 most popular ingredients.
Mmm ... barbecue sauce.
After just 2.5 seconds, voilà! The menu reveals the customer’s "perfect" pizza based on the ingredients he or she has been staring at the longest. There are 4,896 possible combinations, according to a Pizza Hut press release from Nov. 28, so that's pretty fast.
Unfortunately, we couldn't try out the system ourselves, and neither can you -- yet.
So far, Pizza Hut has only tested the system with select journalists and customers in the UK, and claimed in the release that it has had a 98 percent success rate. The company did not immediately provide further details about the methodology of the trials it conducted.
But obviously, no one's tied to the first suggestion that the menu generates. If the customers aren’t happy with their pizza, they’re able to start the process over again, or they can just order the traditional way.
The system is powered by Swedish company Tobii Technology , which specializes in eye-tracking technology. A spokesperson for Pizza Hut restaurants told The Huffington Post in an email that the software is not yet available for purchase, but is expected to become publicly available in 2015.
"This menu innovation really is ahead of its time," the spokesperson wrote.
The technology, which took six months to develop, is being incorporated into Pizza Hut's ordering shortly after the chain unveiled a new menu and other rebranding measures.
"We love to excite and innovate," Kathryn Austin, Pizza Hut's head of marketing, said in the press release. "This year we’ve redesigned restaurants up and down the country and launched a brand new menu with lots tasty new options. But we don’t just want to stop there."
But as to when we'll get to allow our subconscious to create pizza, the future is unclear.
H/T: Entrepreneur
More:

FDI norms for construction sector easedSave this video
Copy URL
The commerce and industry ministry issued note to ammend norms for FDI in construction in order to boost the construction in real estate sector. Watch for complete information.
13

J.J. Watt Wore A Microphone During A Texans Game And It Was Hilariousreddit
J.J. Watt's chatter has plenty of game, too.
The Houston Texans star wore a microphone during the team's 45-21 victory over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday, giving listeners a taste of his lighter side.
Before the game even began, Watt invited teammate DeAndre Hopkins to get movie snacks -- "Sno-Caps, perhaps?" -- and watch Watt put on a show. It's a delight, as is Watt's impressive knowledge of old-school cinema candy.
And when an offensive lineman tried to stop Watt during a play, the Texan asked him matter-of-factly, "You gonna hold all day, or just part of it?"
Funny stuff. But maybe don't call Watt funny to his face.
H/T For The Win
More:

Chicago-based AvantCredit announces $225 million in funding0
It also received a $300 million expansion of a credit facility from Chicago-based Victory Park Capital. In total, the direct financing firm has committed to $500 million for attaining new customers and expanding its portfolio of products, AvantCredit said.
AvantCredit, which offers installment loans and lines of credit to borrowers just below prime at higher interest than ordinary rates, said it has grown since its January 2013 launch from three employees to about 500 and has issued more than $400 million in loans in the U.S. and the U.K.
Next up is expanding to other countries and adding other products in 2015, said co-founder and CEO Al Goldstein.
It expects its workforce to double over the next two years, picking up software and data engineers, marketing professionals and customer-service workers.
AvantCredit makes loans directly, using algorithms to assess risks and evaluate customers in real time for tailored unsecured installment loans of up to $20,000.
“Companies like Avant have brought modern and advanced technology to the market that allows them to acquire customers more efficiently and to assess the consumers more efficiently,” said Randy Glein, a managing director at DFJ Venture.
The company said its average customer takes out a $5,000 loan and that the average interest rate is 36 percent. It said the average duration is three years.
Goldstein, 34, also co-founded payday lender CashNetUSA, which became Enova. That company spun off from Cash America in November. In 2009, five years after co-founding CashNetUSA, Goldstein co-founded real-estate investment company Pangea Properties.
Goldstein said that with AvantCredit, “the goal is to provide access to everybody. We’re trying to offer products to a broader array of customers.”
AvantCredit recently hired former HSBC executive Suk Shah as chief financial officer, a position he held at HSBC’s Commercial Banking North America business. Goldstein and Shah attended the University of Illinois together.

The strength  and limits  of the mayors speech about Eric GarnerBy Jena McGregor December 4 Follow @jenamcgregor
A white New York City police officer was cleared Wednesday in the chokehold death of an unarmed black man, Eric Garner, stopped on suspicion of selling loose, untaxed cigarettes. (AP)
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio gave a poignant and powerful  speech on Wednesday in the wake of a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to indict Daniel Pantaleo, the police officer who put  Eric Garner in a chokehold that led to his death in July. His remarks preceded a night of protests throughout the city that blocked traffic on the city's West Side Highway, prompted "die-ins" at Grand Central Terminal, and inspired hundreds of protestors to march through the streets chanting "I can't breathe," Garner's last words.
De Blasio's speech is unlikely to blunt criticism of the " broken windows " policing approach that may have played a role in what happened to Eric Garner — or in the simmering distrust of police in Ferguson, Mo. , where teenager Michael Brown's death sparked riots and national   protests . But de Blasio's words, as well as his decision to cancel a bill signing and an  appearance at the Rockefeller Center tree lighting event to instead head to Staten Island, stood in stark contrast to the public officials in Ferguson who often seemed   absent  as the crisis unfolded there.
In the speech , de Blasio spoke of the fear too many young people have of police. He sent a signal to those angry on social media, in their homes and in the streets, by echoing the line "black lives matter" — a refrain from the protests "that should never have to be said," but that "our history, sadly, requires."
And, movingly, de Blasio shared his own personal story: the challenges of raising a biracial son in communities where distrust of the police has only grown. "We've had to literally train him, as families have all over this city for decades, in how to take special care in any encounter he has with the police officers," de Blasio said.
He spoke of the worry, and the very real pain, of being that parent today. Again, he made his remarks personal while also repeating that his concerns are shared by millions of other families. "Was Dante safe each night? There are so many families in this city who feel that each and every night. Is my child safe? And not just from some of the painful realities — crime and violence in some of our neighborhoods — but are they safe from the very people they want to have faith in as their protectors?"
That ability to empathize may be a unique advantage de Blasio possesses. It's a "rhetorical strength," as the New York Times  wrote , that made him appear to be "trying to preside over the day's events, rather than to steer them." His wife is African American, his children are biracial, and he can speak about the fear and challenges of parenting them with a credibility that many other elected leaders cannot. And he used that perspective to great effect, speaking as a father  and sharing words that had the power to resonated with grieving, angry families.
Whatever goodwill his speech engendered will not, of course, be enough to quiet critics who question the policing approach that is associated with the police chief he hired, William Bratton. De Blasio  campaigned on ending the police department's controversial "stop-and-frisk" tactics, and brought on Bratton a year ago this week to help him do so. But many see the controversial " broken windows " approach, which has police aggressively go after small crimes in order to prevent bigger ones, as  part of the problem. Rep. Yvette Clarke (D-N.Y.) has called it "just a cousin to stop-and-frisk."
At the very least, de Blasio should initiate a critical review of the real effectiveness , versus potential damage, of policies that focus on petty crimes. And he should ensure that Bratton's earlier call  for a "fundamental shift in the culture of the department," as well as his promises to rid the force of officers "who [are] 'brutal,' who are 'corrupt,' who are 'racist,' who are 'incompetent,'" are followed up by palpable changes.
De Blasio's speech was poignant because it was personal, credible and empathetic. He demonstrated that he understands this is a time of searing pain for many communities. It was the right speech for the moment. But the next one needs to outline accountable action in reforming a police department that is still much in need of real change.
Read also:

SiriusXM customers may qualify for settlement shareSiriusXM customers may qualify for settlement share
SiriusXM's Why Hunger Town Hall With Bill Ayers and Jen Chapin
Monica Schipper, Getty Images for SiriusXM
Monica Schipper, Getty Images for SiriusXM
Sirius XM settles with 44 states for $3.8 million.
Sirius XM to provide restitution for misleading advertising.
SiriusXM will pay $3.8 million in restitution to 44 states, including Illinois, and the District of Columbia after admitting it engaged in misleading advertising and billing practices, the Illinois attorney general's office said Thursday.
0
After an investigation, Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan and other state attorneys general alleged that the New York-based satellite radio broadcaster engaged in "unfair and deceptive" practices that violated state consumer protection laws. Officials said customers had difficulty canceling contracts, and that SiriusXM didn't honor cancellation requests, charged unauthorized fees and failed to provide timely refunds, among other allegations.
Under the terms of the settlement, SiriusXM has promised to provide restitution to eligible consumers who file a complaint by May 3 for conduct from July 28, 2008 to Dec. 4, 2014. Customers affected should file a complaint on the SiriusXM website or contact Madigan's office.

11 Strategies to Instill an Entrepreneur Spirit in Your Kidreddit
I first felt the entrepreneur bug when I was 13 years old. My dad gave me Stacia's Dream Cream Ice cream store and game room as a birthday gift.  Intrigued with the idea of owning a business and having to be concerned for profit and loss, I soon got into the rhythm of running a business. After the first month of my summer vacation, being spent in my store day in and day out, I soon realized my business was taking up all my time. I got savvy and created a work schedule and a system of operation, then I hired my friends to work for me, so I can go bike riding and go to the park. Sure, I had to share the profits but the payoff for my free time was worth it. I knew right then, I wanted to be an entrepreneur and I also knew that I needed good help for me to continue loving what I was doing.
My father was a well-known respected entrepreneur in our community. He instilled into me the importance of self-development and the value of owning a business. Throughout my life I have built upon the early principles my father taught me to grow my other businesses. I have also continued the entrepreneurial legacy with my own children.
Much like how my father introduced me into business, we gave our daughter Ariana her very own business when she turned 17 years old. She started the Billionheir Girls Club--a blog and fashion brand for young women. Then, At 15, my son Ryan started The Gadget Genius, an online store that provides "tech tools and toys for grown-up girls and boys." He learned how to run an enterprise and make a passive income through his online sales.
Entrepreneurship is a part of our family heritage. It has been ingrained in us from a young age. Helping your children start a business will give them confidence and leadership skills to excel in life. Whether you're a business owner or work a full time job, you too can empower your kids right now with wealth building independence by owning their own business.   Even if your children haven't yet been exposed to the business arena, you can still raise them as entrepreneurs.
Here are 11 strategies to instill an entrepreneur spirit In your Kid:
Teach them how to solve problems.
One of the top traits that any entrepreneur needs to have is the ability to solve problems effectively. Teach your children to think creatively without limits. This is often something that comes naturally to children. As an adult with more life experience, be careful not to convey that to your children in a way that hinders their creative thinking. When you have a problem to resolve, involve them in your thought process so they can learn from it.
Urge them to explore their environment and step out of their comfort zone.
Entrepreneurs are often risk-takers. They are comfortable living "on the edge." Encourage your children to explore their world in a safe way. Provide them with cultural outings such as visits to museums, plays and performances, fine restaurants and new travel destinations. These mind-expanding experiences will help them grow into fearless entrepreneurs.
Help them move in the direction of their "bent".
We all have specific skills and talents that we are innately good at. As a parent, it is your responsibility to help your children identify their bent, and encourage them to move in that direction. Usually it will be a subject in school or an activity that your child particularly enjoys. Buy books and other things related to their bent. For example, growing up, my son loved science. To encourage him on this path, we bought him different science experiments that he could try safely at home.
Show them what hard work looks like.
We all know that our children learn and act according to what we do, not what we say.  As parents, children pay more attention to our behaviors than our words. What behaviors are you modeling for your children? If you want to raise entrepreneurs, they need to see an example of someone that works hard. Entrepreneurship goes beyond 9-5 and your kids need to see that. At my house, we are often up late and working around the clock. Make sure you also show your kids the rewards of the hard work as well, and do things together to reward yourself and your family.
Help build and develop their confidence.
Confidence is a huge key to success as an entrepreneur. Be your children's biggest cheerleader. Uplift them with encouraging words and be a positive influence in their life. Teach them to be independent and not give in to peer pressure.
Teach them how to properly greet new people and make conversation.
This might seem like a basic skill, but it is an important one. As a future entrepreneur, your child will meet many new people on a regular basis. Teach them about divine connections and how to recognize that every person they sit next to or encounter could be a setup for a divine opportunity. Take them with you to events where they will meet new people. Make sure they practice looking others in the eye, smiling and saying hello. At dinner, practice good conversation techniques and questions your children can ask someone they just met.
Encourage them to try new things and have diverse work or volunteer experiences.
Although your children likely will have a specific "bent", always encourage them to branch out and try new things. Once they are at an appropriate age, they can start working with you in business, or you can allow them to gain volunteer experience or work experience through another job. They will gain real-world experience and transferable skills that will help them when they are running their own company.
Share your own business experiences with your children.
Talk about your business often. Let your children in on what new things you are doing and what projects you're working on. Allow them to sit in on staff meetings or go on client visits with you from time to time. Include them in brainstorming sessions. All of this will give them a glimpse of the day-to-day aspects of running a business.
Teach them how to manage money.
This is crucial. To succeed in business, your children must know how to manage money. Encourage them to take an accounting class in school and learn basic business economics. Teach them about saving and investing; accounts receivable and payable. Sound money management skills will allow your children to build a strong foundation when they start their own business someday.
Have them help you in your business.
There are lots of things kids can do to help you in your business, even at a young age. They can sort and organize files, package products for shipping, or help with inventory. Give them a task that they are responsible for and make sure they follow through. Once they complete it, reward them for their hard work.
Help them learn from failure.
Every business owner has to learn to bounce back. The faster you can learn and do this, the better off you will be. When your kids experience setbacks in life, use them as a learning opportunity. Talk through the outcome and what they can do differently next time. If they can learn to brush off failure and move on, they will be well-prepared for the challenges they may face as an entrepreneur.
Follow Stacia Pierce on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@StaciaPierce
More:

Cooper Tire considers leaving ChinaCooper Tire considers moving production out of China
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/565238c6-7c55-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MAPS: The countries that have been hardest hit by extreme weatherBy Rick Noack December 5 Follow @rick_n
(Data: Germanwatch/ Climate Risk Index. Maps: Rick Noack/ The Washington Post)
More than 530,000 people have died between 1994 and 2013 due to extreme weather, according to a new report by the NGO Germanwatch . By compiling a Climate Risk Index, the organization has combined average numbers of deaths and the value of financial losses over the last 20 years to rank the countries that have been most gravely affected by such incidents. In those two decades, about 15,000 extreme weather events have cost the world about $2.2. trillion, the report concludes.
Low- or lower-middle income developing countries accounted for nine out of the 10 worst-affected countries. The countries that have suffered most under extreme weather events in the past 20 years seem to be mostly located in southeast Asia and close to the Caribbean Sea.
Honduras, Myanmar and Haiti were ranked highest over the last 20 years, as the map above shows. In Myanmar and Honduras, most of the weather-related destruction and fatalities resulted from single events. In Myanmar, for instance, Cyclone Nargis in 2008 caused more than 95 percent of all damages within the last 20 years, while 80 percent of all damages and fatalities in Honduras were caused by Hurricane Mitch in 1998. Other countries, such as the Philippines (ranked fifth) have been affected more continuously.
Other findings of the study raise some interesting questions. The United States, for example, was ranked 26th-most-affected country on the Climate Risk Index -- much higher than most African nations.
Trying to explain that rank, the authors write that they only took into account the direct impact of extreme weather, not its indirect consequences. This could explain why many African countries rank much lower than the United States.: Heat waves –- frequent and devastating in many African nations –- have much stronger indirect consequences than direct ones. They can cause food scarcity and droughts but are not included in the study's calculations. Furthermore, the authors only measured fatalities, not the number of affected people.
"The scoring does also not take into account important aspects such as sea-level rise, glacier melting or more acidic and warmer seas," the authors explain.
For that reason, many European countries rank quite high, while island nations seem to have been affected less, so far.
Most of the fatalities in Europe can be attributed to one single extreme weather event in 2003. In that year, a heat wave killed more than 70,000 people in European countries -- an event with a lasting impact on statistics.
The authors of the study note that European countries are often "hit by extreme events, but the losses and fatalities are usually relatively minor compared to the countries' population and economic power."
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Rural job scheme spend unchanged  govt may tweak structureBiz leaders in manufacturing sector optimistic about next  year: Survey
The NDA government is likely to retain the fund allocation for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), the flagship programme of its predecessor UPA, in the Union Budget 2015-16.
Sources, however, said that the government could still look at tweaking the labour-material ratio under the scheme from the current 60:40 ratio as well as creation of more productive capital assets.
Former rural development minister Nitin Gadkari had been keen to revisit the scheme with plans to restrict it to just 200 of the poorest districts in the country.
Finance ministry sources said there will not be any cut in the social sector budget.
“The UPA has allocated Rs 34,000 crore for the scheme (MGNREGA) and we have not touched it. But the government can decide how it will distributed, it’s the prerogative of the Central government,” said a source in the government.
Launched in 2005 by the UPA government with cross-party support, the scheme aims to guarantee 100 days of wage employment to adult members of every rural household who volunteer to do unskilled work.
There have been also apprehensions raised by the opposition as well as non-governmental organisations that the Narendra Modi-led government may cut sector spending on programmes such as the rural job guarantee scheme.
With the Centre trying to meet its fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2014-15, few economists also have expressed fears that there could be reduction in the social sector spending.
The UPA government, too, had tried to bring down spending on social sector schemes in order to curtail its fiscal deficit.
According to the BJP sources, there was a suggestion that instead of having it in all the districts, the job guarantee scheme could be reduced to certain districts and blocks of the country which are extremely backward.
A BJP leader pointed out that the land holding community, expected to be a key player in the prime minister’s ‘Make in India’ campaign, has been complaining about the MGNREGA scheme.
“There were suggestions that scheme could be implemented in backward districts or 500 blocks,” he added.
A revamp in the scheme was also indicated by finance minister Arun Jaitley in the Union Budget 2014-15 where he had stressed on the government’s intent to continue it.
“Wage employment would be provided under MGNREGA through works that are more productive, asset creating and substantially linked to agriculture and allied activities,” he had said.
Newly appointed minister for rural development, panchayati raj and drinking water and sanitation Chaudhary Birender Singh, too, has maintained that the government will not restrict the job scheme.
TAGS: MGNREGA Union Budget
More from economy
Tamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops The Tamil Nadu government has floated tenders for issuing about 11 lakh computers to students under the free laptop...

Sharp Rise in Bad Loans; Banks Taking Action: GovernmentUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: Concerned over sharp rise in bad loans, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said banks are taking a number of steps against willful defaulters to recover the loans.
"It is normal for the banks to have 2-3 per cent of NPA (Non-Performing Assets). But in the last 2-3 years the NPA has been increased substantially and gone up to 6 per cent...Stress assets have also been increased," he said during the Question Hour.
Mr Jaitley said actions against those who have failed to repay the loan amount have been initiated under various provisions of law - including under Indian Penal Code and civil laws.
To a question on action taken against promoters of Kingfisher Airlines for having huge outstanding loans, he said banks are dealing with all defaulters as per law and actions have been taken.
Mr Jaitley said there are people and companies who are under stress due to the economic slowdown in last 2-3 years and in such cases banks allow the companies to restructure the loan repayment process to give them relief.
He, however, said, there are people and companies whose intention is not good and who do not want to repay the outstanding amount to banks. In such cases, the banks take proper action as per law.
The minister said the SEBI Act has been amended recently with tough provisions and steps are being taken against those companies which cheat people in the name of chit funds.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 16:59 (IST)

Uttar Pradesh: Dense fog claims four livesBy: Press Trust of India | Lucknow |
Posted: December 5, 2014 5:27 pm
Moderate to dense fog at many places in Uttar Pradesh on Friday claimed four lives in accidents in different parts of the state.
Two people died in Hardoi where a tractor trolley was hit by a train at the railway crossing while two others died in Lakhimpur Kheri district due to poor visibility because of heavy fog.
MeT office in Lucknow said that moderate to dense fog occurred at most places over east UP and moderate fog occurred at isolated places in western parts of the state.
On Thursday, night temperatures appreciably rose in Moradabad division; rose in Varanasi and Allahabad divisions; fell in Kanpur, Jhansi, Agra divisions and changed a little in the remaining divisions of the state.
They were markedly above normal in Faizabad division, appreciably above normal in Gorakhpur, Jhansi divisions, above normal in Allahabad, Moradabad divisions and were normal in the remaining divisions of the state.
Lowest minimum temperature over the state was 5.5 degrees Celsius recorded at Muzaffarnagar, they added.

A veteran photo project that shows what cant always be spokenBy Thomas Gibbons-Neff December 5 Follow @Tmgneff
One of the images from the Veteran Art Project, which relies on trick photography and seeks to capture the experience of service members who have returned home. (Picture 62/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Wars end, soldiers return. Uniforms are folded and pictures placed on the mantle. And though new lives begin, veterans carry their service with them long after they return home.
For many, reintegration is coming to terms with those two halves: the veteran and the civilian made anew.
That bifurcated existence is the basis for the Veteran Art Project , a captivating visual experiment by a 27-year-old photographer who is exploring a part of the veteran’s experience that is sometimes difficult to articulate.
The idea is simple enough: Devin Mitchell, a junior at Arizona State University, finds a room, a mirror and a subject, and then takes two pictures. One is a picture of the subject in uniform, the other in civilian attire. Afterward, Mitchell uses Photoshop to combine the two.
The first of the project’s 63 numbered photos, which was taken this past August, shows a man staring into his bathroom mirror and adjusting his suit. Staring back is the same man, Lt. Ricky Ryba, in blue Navy fatigues. The resulting image transcends time and place.
“I’m not a veteran,” Mitchell, who currently lives in Los Angeles and completes his studies remotely, said in a recent interview. “I specialize in trick photography…and it wasn’t until I started building my photo essay for my grad school application that I figured I would look at a sociological issue … which is the double life that a lot of [veterans] live.”
The photos are published on Instagram for ease of access. Mitchell calls his work “artistic journalism,” and notes that the only prerequisites for his subjects are that they are veterans and that they can still fit into their uniforms.
“I don’t interview them, all I ask is if they’re veteran and if I can come and take their picture,” Mitchell said. “This is an opportunity for people to speak without having to say something.”
“It seems almost therapeutic for them… I feel like they’re showing other veterans they’re not alone, that there’s other people like them,” he added.
Initially, Mitchell had a difficult time finding people interested in being photographed, but after picture 13, he says, his inbox was flooded.
That picture shows Marine Cpl. Brad Ivanchan, a machine gunner with 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, who lost both his legs in June 2013 when he stepped on an improvised explosive device while on patrol in Sangin, Afghanistan.
His back is to the camera, his carbon-fiber prosthetics visible under hiked khakis, while in his reflection, he is wearing Marine dress “Charlies.” Ivanchan’s tattooed arms extend downward, hands affixed to the counter. But it is his face that resonates — that seems to be staring at the wounded Ivanchan saying, “Get up.”
Marine Cpl. Brad Ivanchan lost both his legs when he stepped on an improvised explosive device in Sangin, Afghanistan.  (Picture 13/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
“People connected with that picture because it showed something physical, visceral,” Mitchell said. “After that I didn’t have a problem finding veterans who wanted to be a part of the project.”
Marine Cpl. Daphne Bye was among the veterans who saw Mitchell’s photos and who contacted him about photographing her and her husband, Marine Staff Sgt. David Bye.
The two had met before Daphne joined the Marines, when David was stationed in Hawaii and Daphne was attending college there.
Daphne, who says she was the victim of sexual harassment by one of her senior non-commissioned officers, and Bye, who served as an infantryman in the battles of Fallujah in 2004 and 2007, were both diagnosed with posttraumatic stress disorder around the same time in 2011. The couple shared the burdens of post-traumatic stress and their treatment together, but a few years after their daughter Sophie was born, they both realized that it was no longer healthy for them to stay married. In August they divorced.
“When I saw Devin doing the project I was really excited. I figured why not,” Daphne Bye said. “When you’re in the military a lot of marriages break…and a lot of people don’t understand what the reason for it is and I thought it was important for me to say something.”
She explained her reasons to her ex-husband, who agreed to do the picture even though the couple had started living apart.
“I think it’s important for everybody to understand that even though we looked happy on the outside and that we truly did try for us and our daughter there’s only so much you can do when the issues are within yourself.”
Marine Cpl. Daphne Bye and her now ex-husband, Marine Staff Sgt. David Bye, were featured in the Veteran Art Project series. (Picture 61/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Mitchell has no plans to end the project anytime soon. He said the more pictures he takes, the more issues, like PTSD, he hopes to explore through his photography.
“I don’t mind if it takes me 10 years,” Mitchell said. “As time changes, so might the photos and what they are reflecting. We can only wait and see.”
Sgt. Joanna Ellenbeck,  wearing her Army uniform in the mirror. (Picture 62/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Kevin Wesolowski, wearing Army uniforms in two mirrors. (Picture 62/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Leonard Cataudella, a Navy veteran. (Picture 62/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Sgt. Trevor Scott, a member of the 101st Airborne Division. (Picture 62/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Cody Gere, who left active-duty as a Marine Corps corporal. (Picture 62/Courtesy Devin Mitchell)
Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a Washington Post contributor and a former U.S. infantry Marine.

CP Group eyes Citic stakeCP Group in talks to buy Citic stake
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb029b82-7c59-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet Shares Hit Air Pocket  Sink 14%You are here: Home Market
SpiceJet Shares Hit Air Pocket, Sink 14%
NDTV | Updated On: December 05, 2014 18:03 (IST)
SpiceJet shares fell over 15 per cent to Rs 16.75 on Friday on report that Airports Authority of India (AAI) has withdrawn credit facilities extended to the airline over nonpayment of dues.
SpiceJet chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor, however, denied the report on micro-blogging site Twitter.
Setting the record straight: SpiceJet is NOT on cash-and-carry with the AAI. News reports on this today are wrong. @flyspicejet
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 5, 2014
 
Clarifying once more, as news media continue to report wrongly: SpiceJet is categorically NOT on cash and carry with the AAI. @flyspicejet
 
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 5, 2014
The denial had little impact on investor sentiments though. SpiceJet is struggling to raise funds after reporting losses for the fifth straight quarter.
The low-cost carrier had a total debt of Rs 1,507 crore as of September 30, 2014. Besides, the airline auditors in their recent report have also cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run it as a "going concern".
SpiceJet shares had gained over last few days as billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala had bought 1.4 per cent stake in the company. Falling crude oil prices also helped the stock. However, the positive sentiment from these events seems to be dying fast, traders say.
Shares in SpiceJet ended 13.78 per cent lower at Rs 15.95 apiece, underperforming the broader Nifty which closed 0.30 per cent lower.
Story first published on: December 05, 2014 18:03 (IST)

10 short-films by Gujarat entrepreneurs to be showcased at Vibrant GujaratSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
Ten short films that will narrate the success stories of “home-bred entrepreneurs” from Gujarat, who started their respective businesses as MSME units will be showcased at the seventh edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit to be held in Gandhinagar in the second week of January 2015.
MSMEs in Gujarat will be one of the key themes of this year’s Vibrant Gujarat summit. “We wanted to tell the world about the success stories of home-bred MSMEs from Gujarat. So we selected about 10 companies who started as small units and went on to make a mark in their respective areas of operations. Some of these are about 20-30 years old firms, while some are start-ups launched by young entrepreneurs from Gujarat,” said a senior official of the Gujarat government who did not wish to be named.
The films on these entrepreneurs from different parts of Gujarat will be about 90 seconds long and will be part of the MSME convention that will be held during the summit on January 12, 2015. The tales of these entrepreneurs will be showcased to visitors from across the globe at the summit when the NDA government is aggressively promoting the “Make in India” campaign.
“These companies have been selected after detailed consultation process with the industry and various associations. They have been selected from various sectors including diamonds, auto-ancillaries, chemicals, manufacturing, etc. They are case studies of entrepreneurial brilliance that exists in Gujarat, in the areas of marketing, technology transfers, patents, employee retentions and others,” the official told The Indian Express while refusing the divulge the names of the companies on whom these films are being made.
Apart from showcasing these short-films, the entrepreneurs will also get a few minutes to talk about his or her venture to the audience in a language of their choice. There will also be an open house to allow exchange of ideas and opinions.
“These films are part of a different format of presentation that we thought would help highlight Gujarat-based MSMEs. These short-films will be an entertaining case-study analysis of how the entrepreneurs in the state have managed to churn out successful enterprises,” the official added.
Gujarat currently has over 1.80 lakh MSME units. According to state government figures, Surat with about 75,000 units is the biggest hub of MSME units in the state, followed by Ahmedabad (47,000 units), Rajkot (14,000) and Vadodara (8,000). The maximum number of registered MSME units — about 46,000 units — are those involved in manufacturing of textiles, apparel, dressing and dyeing of fur. Manufacture of machinery and equipment (13,000 units), chemical and chemical products (7,000), Wholesale trade and commission trade (13,000) and manufacture of fabricated metal products (7,500) are some of the areas of operations of the MSME sector.
TAGS: Vibrant Gujarat
More from companies

Lehmann hopeful for Clarke  might feature in Adelaide TestBy: Reuters | Melbourne |
Posted: December 5, 2014 12:06 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:07 pm
Australia captain Michael Clarke retains a chance of playing in next week’s first Test against India but must prove his fitness with a positive training session, coach Darren Lehmann said on Friday.
Clarke has struggled with a third hamstring injury in three months, with his latest rehabilitation disrupted by the tragic death of team mate Phillip Hughes .
Lehmann said Clarke would join the squad in Adelaide later on Friday, and would be back in training the following day.
“As long as he’s fine to do the running and can bat (he’ll play),” Lehmann told reporters in Adelaide.
“We’ll get him batting tomorrow(on Saturday) and see how he goes. It’ll be case of if he’s fine, he’ll play. We’ll just have to wait and see.
“We’ll be guided by medical staff, the captain himself, selectors. We’ll get together and assess what the plan is tomorrow(on Saturday).”
Following Hughes’ funeral in his home-town of Macksville , New South Wales on Wednesday, 33-year-old Clarke stayed with the family for a private cremation on Thursday.
Lehmann wrote in a newspaper column that grieving players would be granted leave to miss the first Test of the four-match series if they did not feel up to it.
He told reporters there were contingencies in place if anyone dropped out, but was tight-lipped about them.
“Only time will tell but I’m sure they will be fine,” he said. “They are looking forward to getting out there and playing cricket.”
Batsman Hughes died in hospital two days after being severely injured by a short-pitched delivery, prompting a debate about whether they should be banned or limited further.
Lehmann said he fully expected players in the first Test, starting on Tuesday, to face a bouncer at some stage.
“It is a case of getting back to what they want to do and that’s playing cricket,” he added.

John Berlau Reviews Consumer Credit and the American EconomyComments
By Todd Zywicki December 5
John Berlau of the Competitive Enterprise Institute reviews “Consumer Credit and the American Economy” today at the Law and Liberty blog: “ The Surprising Economics of Consumer Credit “:
In the past few years, popular books about economics, such as Freakonomics and The Undercover Economist, have become surprise best-sellers, wowing readers by showing how economic reasoning can be applied to everyday topics like real estate commissions, sumo wrestling, and even street gangs. Yet a book had yet to be written applying economic logic to Americans’ use of credit. Now, four economists set out to change this, and readers may be surprised to learn that when it comes to credit, most of what they know “ain’t so.”
At 640 pages,  Consumer Credit and American Economy  probably won’t catch on like Freakonomics did. But hopefully it will serve as a basic reference on the economics of credit that will be useful to journalists, policy makers, and interested members of the public.
The book’s authors, George Mason University law professor Todd Zywicki, former Fed economists Thomas Durkin and Gregory Elliehausen, and Michael Staten, director of the Take Charge America Institute at the University of Arizona, take on the some of the greatest myths about credit—myths that are unfortunately shaping the public policy debate and limiting viable credit options for Americans. (Full disclosure: Zywicki is chairman of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, my employer.)
One such myth is the notion that an “explosion” in credit has been foisted on poor and middle class consumers who don’t understand payment terms and get in over their heads. The authors show that most consumer credit growth has occurred at upper income levels and is no cause for alarm, while making a distinction for mortgage credit, which as they point out, has been affected by numerous flawed government policies.
“Although the picture is not unambiguously positive, and there certainly are individuals who experience debt difficulties,” the authors write, “the overall thrust of the evidence from the disaggregated data is that much of the sector’s debt is owed by households that have ample resources to service it.”
A common theme running through the book is that debtors are often wiser than they’re typically given credit for. In the introduction, the authors observe that “a significant component of the underlying, basic economic demand motivation for consumer credit is the desire by consumers to change both the size and timing of their resource inflows and outflows.”
John goes on to discuss several specifics about the book, including our chapter on high-cost credit such as payday loans.

The Switchboard: Sony breach included information on Hollywood starsSylvester Stallone is one of several actors whose personal information was reportedly exposed in the latest breach at Sony. (Photo by Chris Hyde/Getty Images)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard is your morning helping of hand-picked stories from the Switch team.
Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Sony hack exposed personal data of Hollywood stars: "The hack at Sony Pictures Entertainment revealed far more personal information than previously believed, including the Social Security numbers of more than 47,000 current and former employees along with Hollywood celebrities like Sylvester Stallone," reports The Wall Street Journal's Ben Fritz and Danny Yadron. "An analysis of 33,000 Sony documents by data-security firm Identity Finder LLC found personal data, including salaries and home addresses, posted online for people who stopped working at Sony Pictures as far back as 2000 and one who started in 1955."
New U.S. cybersecurity prosecutor unit to focus on prevention: "The U.S. Justice Department is creating a unit within the criminal division to advise on electronic surveillance in cyber investigations and work with the private sector to prevent online crime, an official said on Thursday," reports Reuters's Aruna Viswanath. "The new unit, housed within the Computer Crime and Intellectual Property section, will work with law enforcement, the private sector, and Congress, said Leslie Caldwell, head of the department's criminal division."
In the "global struggle for Internet freedom," the Internet is losing, report finds: "The year 2014 marks the moment that the world turned its attention to writing laws to govern what happens on the Internet. And that has not been a great thing, according to an annual report from the U.S.-based pro-democracy think tank Freedom House," reports The Washington Post's Nancy Scola. "Traditionally, countries eager to crack down on their online critics largely resorted to blocking Web sites and filtering Internet content, with the occasional offline harassment of dissidents. But that has changed, in part because online activists have gotten better at figuring out ways around those restrictions."
AT&T still throttles “unlimited data”—even when network not congested: AT&T customers "who have 3G or non-LTE 4G phones and 'legacy unlimited data plans' are throttled for the remainder of the billing period after they exceed 3GB of data in a month, but only 'at times and in areas that are experiencing network congestion,''' reports Ars Technica's Jon Brodkin  "4G LTE customers with unlimited plans aren’t throttled until they reach 5GB of data. However, these customers are throttled for the remainder of the month at all times of the day and night regardless of whether the network is congested."
Alabama anti-discrimination bill to be named after Apple CEO Tim Cook: "Apple CEO Tim Cook's name will be on a key piece of legislation to be introduced next year in his native Alabama that, if passed, would bar discrimination against state employees on the basis of sexual orientation," reports ABC News's Alyssa Newcomb. "Rep. Patricia Todd said she will introduce 'The Tim Cook Economic Development Act' when the legislative session gets underway in March 2015, in the hope that her state will enact anti-discrimination laws that will lure Fortune 500 companies, such as Apple, to set up shop in Alabama."
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post.

Rupee ends at 61.77/$Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mumbai needs a CEO: JP Morgan reportMumbai needs a CEO: JP Morgan report
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 07.14PM IST
0
Share More
"Mumbai needs a much simpler and more empowered governance framework to manage transport, land-use and housing. Potential solutions include a metropolitan coordination unit with a coordinating 'CEO for Mumbai'," the report said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: There is a need to have a 'CEO for Mumbai' in order to realise the ambition of making it a global financial centre, says a report.
"Mumbai needs a much simpler and more empowered governance framework to manage transport, land-use and housing. Potential solutions include a metropolitan coordination unit with a coordinating 'CEO for Mumbai'," the report by Global Cities Initiative, backed by foreign brokerage JP Morgan Chase and Brookings Institution , said.
Other alternatives put forth include a directly elected metropolitan Mayor, a senior state government official leading a new 'Government Office for Mumbai' and an expanded remit and coordination powers for the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority (MMRDA), it said.
"The metropolitan area needs more empowered leadership to galvanise its complex and often 'siloed' organisational structure in pursuit of long-term goals," it added.
The recommendations come in the midst of a debate over overhaul of the administrative structures in the city.
At a panel discussion held before the launch of the report on December 3, leading public intellectual Pratap Bhanu Mehta said, "I am very perturbed by this idea that Mumbai can have something like a CEO.. unelected regulatory authorities like CEOs should not take decisions that short-circuit democratic process. You get a short term boost, but there will be a logjam pretty soon."
Chief Minister of Maharashtra, who counts development of infrastructure in the city among his top priorities, had announced a CEO for the city last month but was later forced to retract the same after a controversy.
The city is presently governed by a multi-layer arrangement which includes a Mayor elected from among elected corporators in the municipal body and the MMRDA under the state government to oversee large infra projects.

Stunning Photos of the Orion LaunchIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Book review: Supreme Ambitions by David LatBy Will Baude December 5
I read “ Supreme Ambitions” last month, and Ilya Somin has already provided his thoughts. But since the book is finally coming out this weekend, I thought I’d offer my own reaction.
“Supreme Ambitions” is the debut novel of blogger and lawyer David Lat. (Lat originally hit the Internet as the proprietor of Underneath Their Robes , and now runs Above The Law .) The book is a fictional, first-person account of a Yale Law School graduate who clerks on the Ninth Circuit and yearns to clerk on the Supreme Court, and while not all of our readers will like it, enough will that I thought it was worth mentioning here.
You can read the first several chapters online to get a sense of whether you like Lat’s writing style. Aside from the writing, the characters are on the nose, and the plot picks up substantially in the back half of the book. Indeed, it ends up posing an interesting and thought-provoking question of legal ethics and professionalism. (I may have a subsequent post on that.)
My bottom-line assessment is that this is the best quasi-fictional account of law school that I have read (even though much of it is immediately post-law school). I would compare it favorably to “ Brush With the Law ,” Lauren Willig’s “ Two L ,” and even Scott Turow’s “ One L” (which is at this point quite dated). It also owes an obvious debt to “The Devil Wears Prada,” and maybe also to Tyler Cowen’s Straussian interpretation thereof .
I still can’t decide whether this is a ridiculous book or an insightful one. It might be both.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

British Museum loans Elgin statue to RussiaGreece attacks British Museum loan of Elgin statue to Russia
James Pickford in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/baae1770-7c52-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Live: Celebrating the Express I.T. Awards  2014 #ExpressITAwardsSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The Financial Express felicitated those whose exemplary performance is an inspiration to most at the ‘Express IT Awards’ held in Bengaluru today. Judged by an eminent jury of experts, the awards recognised and rewarded both, companies at the cutting edge of technology innovation and leading professionals across the IT industry.
Gathered in the city’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology was the country’s tech fraternity to raise a toast to the winners of the second Express I.T. Awards — instituted by the Indian Express Group — who have been chosen by an eminent jury.
Check out the winners
Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, was honoured for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry with the Lifetime Achievement award.
This time around, the Newsmaker of the Year is Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, who takes home the award for steering his firm in a landmark year that saw it scale newer heights with a $2.7-billion acquisition.
Check it out as it happened:
Tweets by @FinancialXpress
The awards, across seven categories, showcase the most innovative and scalable IT solutions across the most relevant fields namely, IT Innovation, IT Biz, Mobility Solutions, Analytics Solutions, Cloud Solutions, IT Entrepreneurship and Green Technologies.
The jury comprised Som Mittal, former Nasscom president, TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education, Google India’s Anandan, and S Sadagopan, director, IIT, Bengaluru. PwC provided knowledge support for the awards.
Join the conversation:
TAGS: Express IT Awards
More from companies

Rand Paul assaults the Constitution againBy Jennifer Rubin December 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
House Speaker John Boehner says that if the White House wants an authorization for use of force against the Islamic State, the president should ask for one. “In the new Congress, I would urge the president to submit a new Authorization for Use of Military Force regarding our efforts to defeat and to destroy ISIL.  I reminded the president last month that historically the Commander-in-Chief has identified the need for the use of military force, written a new AUMF, sent it to Capitol Hill, and worked to build bipartisan support for its passage,” he said at a press conference. “The White House needs to show some urgency, because its strategy isn’t reversing the terrorists’ momentum on the ground.  I’ve got grave concerns that the plan the president has put in place will not accomplish the goal of defeating and destroying ISIL. We need a more robust, comprehensive strategy, and that should start with a new authorization of the use of military force.”
Most military and outside experts agree and say that air power alone and arming local forces will not be sufficient to defeat the Islamic State, if that is what President Obama really wants to do (instead of, say, just looking like he is doing something to shut up critics.)
House Speaker John Boehner arrives for a news conference in the Capitol. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Boehner seems to have actually read the Constitution, which says that Congress can issue a declaration of war — with all that legally entails — but that the president is always the commander in chief. The same constitutional literacy is not exhibited by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.)
Paul wants a declaration of war, but then an authorization of force that limits what troops can go, where they can be used and how long the conflict can last. Hmm. It sounds like Paul thinks Congress can play commander in chief while appearing to authorize the president to act. It is an authorization only the enemy and the president could love — since it hamstrings rather than empowers the commander in chief. Or it tries to.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), a former JAG lawyer, told me in an interview Thursday that the Constitution does not give Congress the ability to micromanage the executive in the manner Rand Paul sees. “To the libertarian wing of my party, I say you’re wrong. You’re missing the boat.” It is always a “good idea when Congress can get on the same page as the president,” Graham acknowledges, but the notion that the president lacks Article II powers to act without Congress in defense of the country is without textual support and is belied by a couple hundred years of practice. “The idea of restricting the president [via an "authorization for use of force] is an affront to the Constitution,” says Graham. “And it is a really dumb idea. I appreciate their sincerity, but at the end of the day they are authorizing [a] limit on force.”
Graham is not alone in his analysis , but the White House is no doubt high-fiving. (Rand Paul is going to tell us we can’t really fight a war we don’t have the stomach to do effectively anyway — and he’s going to put into law that we have to be out in a year!? Where do we sign up?) It is hard to imagine Congress — which can barely fund the government — deputizing 535 little commanders in chief. It sounds like a nightmare.
The far right and far left share an affinity for finding excuses to disempower the commander in chief, but the majority of senators — we hope — have read the Constitution or consulted someone who has. Moreover, we hope they understand how dangerous it would be to tell not just the White House but our enemies they can start their countdown clocks to American abandonment of the war.
Marine Commandant Gen. James Conway said of the deadline Obama imposed on his own surge in Afghanistan that it gave “ sustenance” to the enemy . The same would be true of Paul’s restricted authorization on use of force. Plainly, no resolution (i.e. just allow the president to operate under Article II powers) is preferable to tying his hands. The vote, however, should be interesting. We will see how many senators are serious about defeating a vicious enemy and how many will grasp at any straw to avoid committing us to victory.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Is Gordon Gekko Reading Your Emailreddit
The latest greatest swindlers in the cybercrime racket know you're onto their digital three-card monte, and they've made a few adjustments, putting yet another wrinkle in the corporate-hacking game by targeting top-level employees for major profits.
These hackers appear to be based in North America or Western Europe, and they know a great deal about the companies and industries they've been cracking. They could be the cyber version of Gordon Gekko or just good studies of character. It really doesn't matter. Here's what counts: They are hatching schemes so nuanced you may not see the hack that takes out your company till the smoke clears.
These hackers may have worked for your company, or one like it. They are going to know how your teams communicate. They'll use the lingo and shorthand that you see every day. Emails may be super simple, like, "I need another pair of eyes on this spreadsheet about [term of art only people in your business would know]." They may know what you are likely to be talking about after certain kinds of industry news releases, and they'll have a good idea of what times of day get busy for you so that you are more distracted and less likely to think before you click .
"The attacks are becoming much more sophisticated than anything we've seen before," says Jen Weedon, a threat intelligence officer at the Silicon Valley-based cybersecurity firm FireEye.
The New York Times reported this week about one such group of hackers targeting senior executives at biotech companies with a goal of garnering insider information to game the stock market.
FireEye has been tracking the group, which they call Fin4 -- for a year and a half. (The "Fin" designation is assigned by the company to indicate groups where the main goal is to monetize proprietary information.)
"Fin4 has reached a threshold of capability that sets them apart," Weedon told me during a phone conversation. "They are very thoughtful about who they target. They go after specific companies and are a lot more scoped in their approach."
Attacks of this kind may start with the studied e-impersonation of trusted colleagues, business associates or anyone from a constellation of contacts -- compliance officers, regulators, legal or financial advisers -- with the single purpose of getting someone in a senior position to personally, unwittingly hand over the keys to the castle. Once they are in, sensitive -- potentially lucrative -- information can be accessed and put to use.
"They will send a very convincing phishing email," Weedon said. "It may prompt a link that looks just like Outlook." The target enters their credentials to see the attachment, not realizing that they were not in Outlook at all. There may even be a legitimate document on the other side of that fake login page, but it's a trap. Once the hacker gets into a key person's inbox, Outlook settings have been reset to send any messages containing the words "hacked" or "malware" directly to the user's trash folder, thereby giving the cyber-ninja more time in the system to collect information about mergers and acquisitions, compliance issues, press releases, non-public market-moving information--anything that can be used to make a smarter stock market trade.
According to Weedon, the group has been able to infiltrate email accounts at the CEO level.
Once they've gained access, the hackers may simply collect everything in the CEO's inbox or take an attachment found there and plant malware that then spreads throughout the company thereby exposing still more information. The difference here is that the hack relies on legitimate credentials to gain access, so it's a much lighter touch with potentially much more information being comprised. If the hackers forgo malware , there aren't necessarily any traces at all of the compromise.
The "old" way these breaches worked--one still very much practiced by Chinese and Russian groups -- involved the use of general information, kinda-sorta knowledge of the target's business and hit-or-miss English. Because there is often less specificity and more variables in these kinds of softer attacks, the dodge is easier to spot. It's more likely to find a lower-level employee falling for it. In most cases, these targets don't have the kind of access to information that can cause major damage. Having gained whatever access is possible through their mark, old-school hackers move laterally into the organization's environment, whether by recording keystrokes to exploit privileged employee credentials or blasting a hole in the company firewall. They might as well be Bonnie and Clyde robbing a bank. The goal is to siphon off information that can be turned into an easy profit , but the process leaves traces.
What's so worrisome about Fin4 is that they can come and go -- gaining access to everything and anything pertaining to your company -- and you may never know it. For the numerous healthcare and biotech companies that they targeted, the only real-life consequence could be an advantageous trade that somehow anticipated the announcement of a new drug, or shorted a stock associated with a failed drug trial.
If you are the target of choice, you will have to be exceptionally well trained by a cutting-edge information security professional and completely tuned in to the subtleties of your workflow to avoid getting got . These fraudsters will have at their fingertips the kinds of information that only an insider should know, and the bait they dangle in front of you will be convincing.
While the art is very different, the basic mechanism is the same. Company-killing compromises require human error. While more common hacks rely on a weakest link that can be exploited, the more hackers evolve, the more we all must evolve with them.
Follow Adam Levin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Adam_K_Levin
More:

Lack of urgency in global climate talksGlobal climate talks lack urgency
Pilita Clark — Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d26b62ac-7c3c-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICC drops Kenyatta chargesDecember 5, 2014 12:42 pm
International Criminal Court drops charges against Uhuru Kenyatta
Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62f749b8-7c78-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK protests take shine off Prada numbersDecember 5, 2014 1:22 pm
HK protests take shine off Prada numbers
Italian fashion group warns of ‘readjustment’ in luxury industry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48d6f17e-7c7c-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

David Mackay  architect  1933-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/996e7ac8-758b-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP appeals separatist leader Geelanis family to join mainstreampoliticsBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:46 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 8:52 pm
BJP on Friday appealed to the family members of Jammu and Kashmir’s moderate separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani to join the political mainstream and urged them to celebrate the democracy.
“Some people issued poll boycott call but that was rejected by the people of the state. When Syed Ali Geelani was busy issuing boycott call, his own neighbor joined BJP,” BJP national general secretary Ram Madhav said while addressing a party function here.
Madhav appealed to the family members of Geelani to join the political mainstream.
“I appeal to his (Geelani’s) family members to join political mainstream and celebrate democracy and stand in the same queue in which Omar Abdullah, Narendra Modi are standing,” he said.
He said people of Jammu and Kashmir have seen a ray of hope in the new Central government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and they want to give BJP a chance to govern the state.
While referring to the party’s stand on Article 370, Madhav, without naming it, said the party has not given up its agenda, but would raise it at an appropriate time and at an appropriate platform.
“We are not apologetic, we have not given up on an issue. They will be taken at an appropriate time and appropriate platform,” Madhav said.
He said that the Prime Minister wants to develop the state of Jammu and Kashmir so that it becomes the number one tourist destination in Asia.
While attacking the Congress, he said the party has no agenda as it has now raised the issue of a Hindu chief minister for the state of Jammu and Kashmir.
“They don’t have an agenda now and they are talking about a Hindu chief minister, but we say let the elected representatives of the state elect the chief minister. Can the PDP and the NC also say that they would allow the legislatures to elect a chief minister from outside the family,” Madhav said.
Madhav said that “the two ruling families in the state have been looting the state” and the people now need to know where the funds meant for the development of the state have gone.
Later talking to reporters, Madhav expressed hope that his party would form the next government in the state.
When asked about the incident in which the doctors in Chhattisgarh discarding the uniform belonging of the martyred CRPF personnel who lost their lives in a Naxal attack in Sukma, Madhav said, “This is very unfortunate incident and the state government is already looking into it and action would be taken against whosoever is found guilty.”
Commenting on the ongoing logjam in Parliament over the controversial statement of Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Madhav said, “she herself has apologised in Parliament and the PM has also spoken on the issue, now as the Congress has a dearth of real issues so it’s creating logjam on such issues.”
Taking a jibe continued…

Ex-CMO held for making false medical certificate for Godman RampalBy: Press Trust of India | Hisar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:36 pm
A former Chief Medical Officer (CMO) was arrested on Friday for allegedly issuing a “false” medical certificate to controversial self-styled godman Rampal, so that he could get exemption from personal appearance in court.
“Former CMO Dr Om Prakash Hooda, who is also a follower of Rampal, has been arrested,” Superintendent of Police Satendar Kumar Gupta said in Hisar on Friday.
“Dr Hooda had issued false medical certificate to Rampal while actually he was not sick. It is a clear-cut offence and breach of professional code and ethics,” he said.
Meanwhile, a two-member team of Broadcasting Editors Association (BEA) visited Satlok Ashram and gathered information about police attack on journalists during police action against Rampal on November 18.
General Secretary of BEA, N K Singh, later told newsmen that in the primary probe the team has found that scribes were performing their duty. He said the police attack on them was “most condemnable and unjustified.” The team would submit it report to the Union government, he said.
Meanwhile, police is still searching for 45 followers of Rampal, he said. “Main followers, who also worked as his spokespersons, Rahul and Rohit (both brothers) are also at large and police is searching them for vital information about Rampal’s activities,” he said.
Meanwhile, Barwala Sub Divisional Magistrate (SDM) Prashant held an auction of the food stocks recovered from the Satlok ashram of the controversial preacher after arresting him following a violent clash with police.
“It took about 12 hours to finish the auction,” the SDM said, adding that the proceeds would be deposited with the court as the auction was arranged after receiving orders from the court.
A total of 117 traders took part in the auction and deposited security for the bid, he said. Anticipating the siege by police, the Ashram management had piled up the huge ration stock inside before November 18– the day of police action.

SpiceJet seeks 6 wks time to find investor | DGCA acts tough against troubled planeTroubled times for SpiceJet; seeks six weeks time from AAI to find strategic investor
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 5 Dec, 2014, 05.26PM IST
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Low-cost carrier SpiceJet has sought six weeks' time from the Aviation Ministry to stay afloat and find a strategic investor for the airline, reported ET Now.
According to ET Now, SpiceJet management met the Aviation Minister and Secretary last week and asked for time to find an investor. "They (SpiceJet management) have sought help of Aviation Ministry in getting moratorium period extended from the different agencies like Airport Authority of India," ET Now said.
"Airport Authority of India (AAI), that runs most of the airports in the country, has put SpiceJet on cash and carry model. This means that SpiceJet must pay first and fly. AAI is now ready to help SpiceJet by giving them one week of moratorium period provided they give bank guarantee," ET Now reported.
ET Now also said that DGCA , the aviation regulator , is monitoring SpiceJet on a day-to-day basis. "DGCA wants to ensure that the problem of funds should not compromise with the safety of passengers," ET Now said.
SpiceJet has not been able to finalise any investor name so far.
SpiceJet cut its fleet by about a third in September and will operate 22-24 Boeing planes until at least the middle of next year, its chief operating officer said, as the loss-making budget carrier looks to cut costs.
SpiceJet says it needs fresh capital to end five consecutive quarters of losses. Prior to the September cut, it had been operating 35 planes.
"The decision to shrink is part of our restructuring," Sanjiv Kapoor told Reuters in a telephone interview on Friday.
The airline flew 42 Boeing planes at the end of last year, and it has cut its daily flights to 275 from 340, he said.
Despite financial hurdles, ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route earlier in the month of December for an average price of Rs 17.88 apiece.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Jan Dhan: Banks told to hasten issue of RuPa...Finance Ministry asks banks for early issuance of RuPay card under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana
5 Dec, 2014, 08.32PM IST
The Finance Ministry has asked banks to expedite issuance of RuPay debit card under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Finance Ministry has asked banks to expedite issuance of RuPay debit card under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PYMJDY).
"Banks were asked for early issuance of pass books and RuPay Debit Cards to customers and organise one month as 'RuPay card activation Month' to increase activation of RuPay card," an official statement said.
In a review meeting of PMJDY held recently, all the banks have been advised to cover the gap including of their Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) by December 15.
As per status presented in the meeting, banks have opened 8.39 crore accounts under PMJDY and have issued 5.32 crore RuPay cards leaving a gap of 3.07 crore.
It was discussed that Aadhaar numbers have been seeded in 30 per cent of account opened under PMJDY, it said.
Banks were asked to aware the customers for Aadhaar seeding and to use various channels including SMS, internet Banking and ATMs for seeding of Aadhaar numbers, it added.
The meeting chaired by Anurag Jain, Joint Secretary (FI), Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance banks were asked to make efforts in area of financial literacy in coordination with various agencies and existing Financial Literacy Centers to spread awareness on PMJDY and use of RuPay cards etc.
Executive directors of the banks who participated in the meeting were also asked to arrange for sensitising of their staff members and training for Bank Mitras among others.
During the review, special focus was given on completion of household survey work and coverage of all uncovered households. It was informed that 97 per cent survey work has been completed.
It is found that out of 20.28 crore households, 17.28 crore households have been covered including persons already having bank accounts.
Banks were asked to complete the remaining survey work by December 10, it added.
It was decided that strategy should be framed in such a manner so as to cover remaining uncovered 3 crore households by December 26.
Thereafter the same should be duly publicised through local media that all uncovered households as per survey have been covered and public feedback should be obtained for information about uncovered households, if any, it said.
"For this purpose, information may be given by a person who doesn't have bank account himself or anybody having this knowledge by contacting toll free numbers," it said.
"This process should be carried-out in close supervision and coordination of local district administration. Complete saturation of uncovered Households should be achieved by January 26, 2015," it added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Railways plans road shows abroad to woo inve...Railways plans road shows abroad to woo investors
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 08.28PM IST
In a bid to woo foreign investors, the Indian Railways is planning to organise road shows in select countries showcasing opportunities for investment in the rail sector.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: In a bid to woo foreign investors, the Indian Railways is planning to organise road shows in select countries showcasing opportunities for investment in the rail sector here.
Inviting private participation in the state-owned transporter, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu, at an investors' meet held here today, called for framework to be put in place to facilitate sustainable long term investment in rail sector.
"Road shows will be held in a few selected countries like Singapore, Japan, South Korea, US, France and Belgium to attract investors in the rail sector," Chairman Railway Board (CRB) Arunendra Kumar said.
He said the Railways is looking for new technology, funds and best practices from overseas.
It is targeting a significant private investment to strengthen coal linkage and port connectivity to decongest the passenger rail network and ensure smooth supply of coal for power plants.
Addressing the meet, Prabhu noted that the Railways has the obligation to balance the interests of stake-holders like railway employees, its users, investors and the government so as to make it a vibrant and efficient enterprise.
He said while the Railways will continue to be owned by the Government, private participation will be welcomed in the infrastructure sector of the transporter and discussed various proposals and possibilities for domestic and foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in infrastructure and maintenance activities.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Forgive Jyoti  she is from a village: Modi tells Lok Sabha amid protestsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

Can they solve cyber-attacksWhat the Sony hacking scandal means for boards
Lucy Marcus
About the author
Lucy Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. You can follow Lucy on Twitter  @lucymarcus
Making friends: Boardroom edition
At every board meeting this month someone is bound to ask, either during the meeting or in a quiet aside, "Could we be the next Sony?"
They'll be referring to the fact that Sony Pictures was recently hacked , with thousands of documents and files purloined and put into the public domain.
People are still wading through the documents, but, so far, a great deal of company confidential information has been revealed, ranging from salaries and internal company presentations to detailed financial reports, passwords and even upcoming films.
Nothing focuses the collective mind of a board on a problem such as cybersecurity as having a high profile exemplar that scares them into asking tougher and more pointed questions.
I will be amongst those asking that "check on data security" be added to our agendas under the AOB (any other business) section of risk committee meetings and board meetings.
Several components of this recent event are alarming to board members.
First, it is the seeming ease with which the hackers entered the system. There are still questions around who is really behind the cyber-attack. Speculation ranges from state-sponsored hacking by North Korea over discontent surrounding an upcoming Sony Pictures film, The Interview (North Korea denied involvement), to hacktavists who may have had some sort of assistance from the inside. If it is an external hacker, that means that Sony Pictures hasn’t put in place sufficient deterrents to keep the company safe. If it is a group with inside assistance, that is even more alarming in some ways. Board members and executive teams will want to know how you can defend against that threat.
The second disquieting component is the sheer volume and type of documents that are being released into the public domain. All executive teams and boards worry when company confidential documents are made free for anyone to see. Thus far we’ve seen the documents being scrutinised for everything from salary disparities to medical records of employees at the company. This leaves the company open to an extraordinary amount of liability on many levels. The legal department will be busy for months, possibly even years, to come.
One thing is very clear: At a time when so much of business is based in the cloud, and every part of a company’s confidential details can be found there, companies need to be more vigilant than ever.
I’ve talked ad nauseam to fellow board members about cybersecurity as a priority on the agendas of today’s board room. Many are only just now beginning to understand how much companies depend upon this technology. The news of the Sony Pictures hack, and the fall-out that will come as a result, will do much to clarify this in stark terms. If board members didn’t understand the importance of cybersecurity before, they will certainly understand it now. Chief Information Officers and technology teams better buckle up — they are in for a bumpy couple of months of questioning.
Lucy P Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. Don’t miss another Above Board column by  subscribing here . You can also follow Lucy on Twitter @lucymarcus .
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
If board members didn’t understand the importance of cybersecurity before, they will certainly understand it now.

DoT panel suggests Rs 3 646cr/Mhz price for CDMA bandDec 05, 2014, 08.25 PM IST  | Source: PTI
DoT panel suggests Rs 3,646cr/Mhz price for CDMA band
Last month Trai recommended a base price of Rs 3,104 crore per megahertz, which was already 15 percent higher than the price that regulator suggested in February this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DoT panel suggests Rs 3,646cr/Mhz price for CDMA band
Last month Trai recommended a base price of Rs 3,104 crore per megahertz, which was already 15 percent higher than the price that regulator suggested in February this year.
Post your opinion here
 
A DoT panel has suggested a base price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz for the auction of CDMA
spectrum, 17 percent higher than what the regulator Trai has recommended.
Also, the price suggested by an internal panel of Department of Telecom (DoT) is almost equivalent to that of premium 900 Mhz band, which is considered more efficient than other GSM frequency bands.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) last month recommended a base price of Rs 3,104 crore per megahertz, which was already 15 per higher than the price that the regulator suggested in February this year. 
"The DoT committee has agreed to the view of TRAI that rise in demand of data services and projected subscribers growth cannot be ignored. The committee has applied a factor of 0.8 on TRAI suggested value that gives reserve price of Rs 3,646 crore per Mhz on pan-India basis," an official source said.
The views of the committee are likely to be placed before the inter-ministerial panel Telecom Commission, which is scheduled to meet on December 8.
The government has proposed to auction CDMA spectrum in 11 service areas of Maharashtra, Jammu and Kashmir, Mumbai, Andhra Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, UP East, Assam, Bihar and Himachal Pradesh.
The reserve price recommended by Telecom Commission will be placed before Cabinet for final decision, sources said. The CDMA spectrum auction are proposed to held in February along with auction of spectrum in 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz bands. DoT also wants to auction spectrum in 2100 Mhz that are currently being used for 3G services.
Government expects to garner a minimum of Rs 9,533 crore from 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz. As DoT's internal estimates, government can get another Rs 5,000 crore from auction of 3G spectrum.
The base price for these spectrum bands is yet to be finalised for the upcoming auction in February. 
RELATED NEWS

George W. Bush: Hillary Clinton is like my sister-in-lawBy Jose A. DelReal December 5 Follow jdelreal
Former President Bush has spoken at length about his close ties to former President Bill Clinton, at times calling him his "brother from another mother."
CNN's Candy Crowley asked Bush during an interview published Friday where that leaves Hillary Clinton: "My sister-in-law!" the president responded light-heartedly.
When asked about a potential Jeb Bush versus Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign, the former president conceded they would both be formidable candidates but insisted his brother — his real brother — would win.
"I think he'd beat her," he told Crowley. "Absolutely."
The Texas Republican has publicly prodded his brother Jeb Bush, who is the former governor of Florida, to enter the 2016 presidential contest. Brother Jeb says he is thinking over the possibility but is hesitant to enter the race because of the personal toll a rigorous campaign could take on his family.
Hillary Clinton has also publicly declared that she is considered throwing her hat in the ring but has not come to a decision yet, despite early signs that a campaign infrastructure in Clintonland is developing.
Jose DelReal is a blogger for Post Politics.

Morning links: Americans take to streets to protest the killing of Eric GarnerProtesters fill streets across America to denounce the grand jury’s failure to indict in the death of Eric Garner.
The Garner case also seems to have inspired some trans-partisan ideological outrage .
How to fix the inherent conflict of interest when local prosecutors investigate police brutality.
In better news, at least for accountability, a white South Carolina police chief has been indicted for killing a black man while off duty.
California Supreme Court rules that mandatory DNA collection from arrestees violates the state’s constitution.
In New York , stop and frisk is down by more than 90 percent, and violent crime is at a 20-year low. Imagine that.
As Akai Gurley lay dying in a Brooklyn stairwell, the cop who shot him was texting his union rep .
An ACLU report finds immigration hearings routinely lack basic due process protections.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

The Test: McCoy should get the ball out quickly to counteract Rams rushBy Mark Bullock and Neil Greenberg December 5 Follow @ngreenberg
The Test asks two Post specialists to take unique looks at a Redskins issue leading up to each game. Neil Greenberg of  our Fancy Stats blog  runs the numbers; Separately,  Mark Bullock  gives it the eye test. 
Neil Greenberg’s take:
One of the benefits of starting Colt McCoy at quarterback is his ability to read the field better than Robert Griffin III was able to. McCoy also gets the ball away quicker, taking a third of a second less to attempt a pass.
A quicker release will help neutralize the Rams’ aggressive pass rush, which boasts defensive end Robert Quinn and defensive tackle Aaron Donald . And the Redskins will need all the help they can get because, on paper, this looks like a complete mismatch.
McCoy also did a good job of spreading the ball around against the Colts, focusing heavily on tight end Jordan Reed and Pierre Garcon.
Targeting Garcon could be key on Sunday, as the Rams are the league’s third-worst team at defending against the opposing WR2 , per the efficiency metrics at Football Outsiders. The Rams rank 16th against the tight end, yielding 48.7 yards per game.
Mark Bullock’s take:
The Rams’ pass rush has recently been boosted by defensive end Chris Long , back from injury. Adding Long to the mix with Donald and Quinn poses a big threat to the Redskins. While I’m sure head coach Jay Gruden will want to take his shots down the field, his quarterback, McCoy, simply might not have the time in the pocket to wait for those routes to develop.
The Redskins may be forced to spread the ball around with quicker passes. Things like screens, quick outs from the slot, slants, check downs to the running back in the flat could all be used to help negate the threat of the Rams’ pass rush. That could limit the number of deep shots to DeSean Jackson, but increase the targets of Andre Roberts, tight end Jordan Reed and running back Roy Helu Jr.
One of Gruden’s favorite quick-hitting route is the “HB Choice” route.
The idea of this route is to get the running back matched up with a linebacker, then let the back decide his route based on how the linebacker plays him.
On this occasion last Sunday, Helu sells the route to the outside and the linebacker bites on it.
That allows Helu to cut back inside into open field. McCoy has a nice, quick and easy throw. He hits Helu over the middle and allows him to run into the end zone for a touchdown.
Washington might also opt to spread out the defense to help find the best possible match up for Jordan Reed, as they did against the Colts.
The Redskins ran this play with an empty backfield, spreading out the Colts’ defense. Reed lines up in the slot and gets matched up against a linebacker. He runs a quick slant.
Reed sells a fake, getting the linebacker to shift his weight outside, before he cuts back inside.
It’s another quick and easy throw for McCoy that doesn’t give the pass rush a chance to arrive.
Spreading out the defense and spreading the ball around to different receivers might be the best plan to negate the Rams’ potent pass rush. Helu has proved effective on the choice route all season, while I’ve yet to see a linebacker cover Reed on a slant like the one above. With this pass rush and the Redskins’ offensive line struggling in pass protection, McCoy can’t afford to hold on to the ball too long.
The Rams’ pass rush took a while to get going, but has since become as strong as it was believed to be on paper at the start of the season. In Quinn and Donald, the Rams have two young rushers that can not only pressure the quarterback, but do so quickly. They often force quarterbacks to look quickly to their hot routes and check-down targets as they don’t have the time to wait for deeper routes to develop.
Quinn finished second in the NFL with 19 sacks last season and it’s easy to see why. He has an explosive speed rush off the edge which a lot of left tackles can’t catch up to.
Here, the Broncos look for a deep comeback route. Quinn lines up outside Broncos left tackle Ryan Clady.
Quinn gets off the snap with an excellent burst that allows him to get his hips level with Clady and turn the corner quickly.
Quinn was simply too quick for Clady, who tries to hold Quinn to save the sack. The flag is thrown, but Quinn fights through the hold.
Quinn arrives as quarterback Peyton Manning delivers his throw. The ball ends up landing well short of its intended target.
While Quinn brings the speed rush off the edge, Donald comes right up the middle.
Donald is a prototypical three-technique defensive tackle, meaning the structure of the defense gets him matched up one-on-one against guards consistently.
On this play, Donald uses his right arm to club the guard.
Donald combines the club with a swim move that quickly gets him past the guard and into the backfield.
Chargers quarterback Phillip Rivers did his best to scramble and avoid the sack, but Donald grabs on and drags him down.
Neil Greenberg runs  Fancy Stats , where numbers meet news. Mark Bullock is The Insider’s  Outsider , sharing his impressions without the benefit of access to the team. He also posts here .
More from The Post:

The oldest research center in Galapagos could go extinct(AP/Google)
It is the gift shop that will not keep on giving.
For years, the Charles Darwin Research Station on the Galapagos Islands, off the coast of Ecuador, operated a small store to help it get by in lean times -- selling mostly clothing with the Charles Darwin Foundation's logo. But then it added swimsuits, sunglasses, Ecuadoran chocolate and artwork, and the local traders cried foul. A local mayor agreed and shut down the store.
Now the oldest and most prominent research organization in the famed archipelago that inspired Darwin's masterwork, "On the Origin of Species," says that, as a result of the loss of the store, it is flat broke and the station could cease to exist before Christmas.
This promotional video released by the Charles Darwin Foundation in September highlights the group's conservation efforts on the Galapagos Islands. (The Charles Darwin Foundation)
"I think the correct expression is the situation is touch and go," said Swen Lorenz,  executive director of the foundation, which operates the research station. "We are possibly only a few weeks away" from closing the station. His pleas to donors as part of an attempt to quickly raise $1 million have fallen on deaf ears.
The shuttering of the bright yellow gift shop was, perhaps, the fatal blow for the storied foundation. Donors, academics and scientists say the loss of the roughly $32,000 a month the shop generated pushed the organization more deeply into a hole it had been digging for some time. They said the foundation did not live within its $3.5 million annual budget, even as donations shrank over the past 20 years.
In other words, they said, the research station is facing extinction because the foundation failed to heed Darwin's signature observation: To survive, it needed to evolve and adapt.
If the foundation goes bankrupt, as expected, the Galapagos would lose its most knowledgeable research team, which, during a half-century of existence amassed an enormous database of animal specimens in one of the world's most biodiverse archipelagos. Its work has saved birds such as the mangrove finch from likely extinction and has helped preserve everything from giant tortoises to plant varieties.
The research station has served "as a conduit for international support of conservation in Galapagos," said Peter Grant, a Princeton University biologist who has conducted research there. "If the foundation fails, it's anybody's guess what will happen. We have not heard of any contingency plans."
But today it is far from the only research outfit in the emerald islands that comprise the Galapagos. Even the Galapagos Conservancy in Fairfax, a group founded solely to fund the foundation, is giving more and more money to its competitors. Under the U.S. tax code, it could not donate to a single entity overseas, said Johannah Barry, founder and president of the conservancy. So it has spread its wealth to other research groups in the archipelago while significantly cutting funds to the foundation.
Regardless, critics said, the foundation clings to about 60 employees it can scarcely afford. "The budget situation they find themselves in is complex and not new," said Barry. She's doubtful it can survive. "It's deeply unfortunate. There are people I've worked with there for two decades who are in dire straits."
Operating a research station 550 miles off the coast of Ecuador in the Pacific Ocean comes at a high price, Lorenz said. The foundation's operating budget is split between costs for overhead and science, including employees, lab equipment, boats and gear. It is charged more than $50,000 annually for Internet access and $36,000 for electricity.
Lorenz said in Wednesday that the foundation has cut staff. When he arrived about three years ago, there were 105 employees; now there are 65. There's no science director, only a consultant. There's only one person dedicated to fundraising on site, making the goal of raising money nearly impossible. That's why a store that raised $300,000 a year was important.
"There are some redundant staff in our organization," Lorenz acknowledged. But it's cheaper to keep them, he said, because Ecuadoran labor laws require workers to receive severance based on length of employment and salary. "In July, I paid off one long-standing staff [member] at a cost of $150,000."
Lorenz added: "We have some outside people criticizing us for all sorts of aspects, but their knowledge of the ... situation on the ground is fairly limited."
There's not enough will to rescue the struggling foundation, some say, and even less money. Dennis Geist, the foundation's president, said he's not optimistic about potential donors. "The outlook's bleak right now," he said.
The foundation was created in 1959, 100 years after Darwin's signature work, along with the Galapagos National Park. Five years later, the research station was established in Puerto Ayora on Santa Cruz Island.
Page Not Found - The Washington Post

India upbeat about their Champions Trophy opener againstGermanyBy: Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:02 pm
India’s High Performance Director Roelant Oltmans believes that his wards are well-prepared to take on Olympic champions Germany in the Champions Trophy lung opener, in Bhubaneswar on Saturday.
India are placed in a tough Pool B in the elite eight-nation tournament alongside Germany, Netherlands and Argentina.
“The mood in the team is upbeat. I think this is what we have been practicing for the last couple of weeks. The last
days are always difficult because you want the tournament to start,” Oltmans told reporters at the Kalinga Stadium here on the eve of the match.
“I think we are well prepared but still you never know because I am sure all eight teams are very well prepared. I am
pleased with our boys training. The team is ready for the tournament,” he added.
Even though Germany have fielded a relatively young side in the tournament, Oltmans warned against taking their
opponents lightly.
“Germany are the Olympic champions and European champions. They are very strong team and there is no doubt
about it.
“Of course, they came here with some youngsters but at the same time they have very experienced and high quality players like (Tobias) Hauke,(Moritz) Furste, (Nicolas) Jacobi, (Florian) Fuchs. So we can’t underestimate Germany,” said the legendary Dutchman, who is doubling as India’s chief coach in the tournament after the exit of Terry Walsh last month.
“Germany is always good. They have a very high quality team but of course our aim is to have a good start to the
tournament.”
Oltmans said India’s performance in the Champions Trophy will give a good idea about where Sardar Singh and Co stands among the crème de la crème of world hockey.
“Champions Trophy is a tournament where top eight teams of the world play and we want to compete on the best possible level. At the same time we want to see where we stand against these top sides.
“It will be a very close tournament because all the teams are close to each other,” he said.
There were doubts about skipper Sardar Singh’s participation in Saturday’s match after he sustained a calf muscle injury in the practice game against Australia.
But Oltmans allayed any such fear, stating the ace midfielder is 90 per cent match-fit.
“We tested Sardar today (Friday). We will see whether there will be any reaction. He is sure that he can play tomorrow (Saturday). At this moment I think he is 90 per cent sure that he can play,” the coach said.
Sardar too expressed confidence of playing against Germany.
“I am fit now. Initially, I felt some problems during the training session today (Friday) but as time passed by I felt comfortable. I am confident of playing,” he said.
Meanwhile, Germany captain Moritz Furste refused to take India lightly even though the two teams are six places apart in the FIH rankings.
The Germans are currently ranked third in the world while India is languishing at the ninth spot.
“It will be tough against India tomorrow (Saturday). They are playing very good hockey of late. They will also have home continued…

Prime Minister Narendra Modi named Asian of the Year by SingaporedailyBy: Press Trust of India | Singapore |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 3:24 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was on Friday named “Asian of the Year” by a leading Singaporean press group for being focused on India’s development and getting the world “excited” about the prospects of the country again.
Singapore Press Holdings Limited, the publisher of The Straits Times, said “despite being relatively new to the job, he has already made a mark on Asia, reaching out to neighbours and receiving national leaders including Xi Jinping of China and Tony Abbott of Australia.”
“Mr Modi has got India and the world excited about his country’s prospects again,” Warren Fernandez, editor of the daily said in a statement.
“He has given his people a renewed sense of direction and purpose, and there are hopeful signs that he is minded to using his strong mandate to good effect in one of Asia’s major powers. We wish him and India every success.”
It said Modi has had a highly successful visit to Japan for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Modi’s call for a ‘Make in India’ campaign, if pursued to its logical conclusion with a friendlier investment climate and less rigid labour norms, could help fire up the growth engines of the USD2 trillion economy and provide welcome ballast to the region when the top Asian economy China is slowing, and Japan is in recession, the statement said.
The 64-year-old leader has promised to reform the economy by cutting on the red tape and attracting foreign investments. Modi has energised India with his stirring calls for a development focus, it said.
“Economists project that as early as next year, India could pick up the growth baton from China. Given its huge market, its travellers who fill up hotel rooms and cruise ship cabins from Singapore to Sydney, its hunger for capital goods and commodities, a resurgent India will be a boon for the region and the world,” editors said in their citation.
The citation said in January US President Barack Obama would be the chief guest at India’s annual Republic Day celebrations — the first time a US leader will attend the function.
“We look forward to presenting the award to Mr Modi in person at his convenience,” said Ravi Velloor, Straits Times foreign editor.
The editors’ choice was based on several factors: Modi was picked for being development-focused Prime Minister who fashioned an impressive victory for BJP in the polls.
Every December, editors of the Singapore daily pick an Asian whose actions have significantly impacted his own society or the wider Asian continent in the past 12 months.
Last year, the award was shared by Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
The inaugural award, in 2012, went to President Thein Sein
of Myanmar.

Nepal prevents airing of TV show episode satirising PM NarendraModiBy: Press Trust of India | Kathmandu |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:49 pm
Nepal has stopped telecast of one of the episodes of a popular satirical TV show on its national channel for reportedly caricaturing Prime Minister Narendra Modi who visited the country twice within four months.
Nepal Television (NTV) prevented the telecast of one of the episodes of TV show ‘Tito Satya’, meaning bitter truth, on Thursday. The NTV’s editorial board withdrew 576th episode of the show, citing that some part of the episode need to be edited, Prakash Jung Karki, Programme Director of the television channel, said.
“It was not a big issue, just that the editorial team wanted to edit a small segment and due to the lack of time, the episode was withdrawn from airing yesterday,” he said. There is a caricature of Prime Minister Modi, but I do not think there is anything that damages the image of the Indian Prime Minister, Karki said.
The show will be telecast next Thursday after some editing in the episode, he said. However, reports said that the episode was not aired for caricaturing Modi.
The Indian leader has become popular in Nepal after his two visits to the country within a period of just four months. After he assumed office in May, Modi became the first Indian premier to visit Nepal in 17 years when he made his first visit to the country in August.
Nepal and India have signed a number of agreements on various projects with an investment totaling USD 3 billion during the two visits of Prime Minister Modi.
“It is against the freedom of expression and our constitutional rights,” said Deepak Raj Giri, Producer and popular comedian of the show. “In a democratic country, we have all rights to enjoy and to make satire on anyone,” said Giri in a facebook post.

Ex-CMO held for making  false  medical certificate for  Godman  RampalBy: Press Trust of India | Hisar |
Posted: December 5, 2014 8:36 pm
A former Chief Medical Officer (CMO) was arrested on Friday for allegedly issuing a “false” medical certificate to controversial self-styled godman Rampal, so that he could get exemption from personal appearance in court.
“Former CMO Dr Om Prakash Hooda, who is also a follower of Rampal, has been arrested,” Superintendent of Police Satendar Kumar Gupta said in Hisar on Friday.
“Dr Hooda had issued false medical certificate to Rampal while actually he was not sick. It is a clear-cut offence and breach of professional code and ethics,” he said.
Meanwhile, a two-member team of Broadcasting Editors Association (BEA) visited Satlok Ashram and gathered information about police attack on journalists during police action against Rampal on November 18.
General Secretary of BEA, N K Singh, later told newsmen that in the primary probe the team has found that scribes were performing their duty. He said the police attack on them was “most condemnable and unjustified.” The team would submit it report to the Union government, he said.
Meanwhile, police is still searching for 45 followers of Rampal, he said. “Main followers, who also worked as his spokespersons, Rahul and Rohit (both brothers) are also at large and police is searching them for vital information about Rampal’s activities,” he said.
Meanwhile, Barwala Sub Divisional Magistrate (SDM) Prashant held an auction of the food stocks recovered from the Satlok ashram of the controversial preacher after arresting him following a violent clash with police.
“It took about 12 hours to finish the auction,” the SDM said, adding that the proceeds would be deposited with the court as the auction was arranged after receiving orders from the court.
A total of 117 traders took part in the auction and deposited security for the bid, he said. Anticipating the siege by police, the Ashram management had piled up the huge ration stock inside before November 18– the day of police action.

Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers shares surge over 5% at close on Zuari open offerMangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers shares surge over 5% at close on Zuari open offer
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 09.07PM IST
In terms of volume, 12.49 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 26 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCFL) today rose over 5 per cent after the Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group announced a voluntary open offer to buy over 3 crore shares for Rs 282.19 crore in the UB Group firm.
MCFL's stock rose by 5.46 per cent to settle at Rs 90.85 on the BSE. During the day, it gained 14.16 per cent to Rs 98.35.
On the NSE, the scrip climbed 4.98 per cent to end at Rs 90.70.
In terms of volume, 12.49 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE , while over 26 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
Zuari group has made a voluntary open offer to acquire up to 3.07 crore additional shares, comprising 25.9 per cent stake, in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCFL) for Rs 282.19 crore -- a move aimed at taking control over the Vijay Mallya group firm.
Kolkata-based industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group has been competing with Pune-based Deepak Fertilisers for taking control of the MCFL, since July last year.
At present, UB group has 21.97 per cent stake in MCFL, while Zuari group and Deepak Fertilisers have 16.47 per cent and 31.25 per cent stakes respectively, in the MCFL.
The 'voluntary' open offer by Zuari group comes more than a month after the mandatory open offers by Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari-UB group combine.
In a filing to the BSE, Zuari group said that this offer to the public shareholders to acquire up to 3.07 crore shares constituting 25.90 per cent of the fully diluted voting equity share capital of MCFL is at "a price of Rs 91.92 per share aggregating to Rs 282.19 crore".
The fertiliser company has also announced appointment of Vijay Mallya's step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Gurdaspur botched-up surgeries: Is our public healthcare system letting down the people who need it the mostHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Immediately resolve Kashmir dispute or Jihad will be launched against India: Terrorist Hafiz Saeed22
2
New Delhi: On a Black Friday, which was marked by four attacks by terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir, 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed warned Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the Kashmir dispute needed to be resolved immediately otherwise Jihad against India will continue.
Saeed's warning came on a day when he ended a two-day conference in Lahore which was attended by thousands of supporters of the terror outfit Jamaat-ud-Dawa.
The event was widely advertised in Pakistan and the government provided police protection, even special train services for people to take part in the rallies. Saeed warned Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the Kashmir dispute needed to be resolved immediately otherwise Jihad against India will continue.
Hafiz warned Modi that the latter should "resolve the Kashmir dispute, and if you are not ready to resolve, then God willing, Kashmir will be the gate and we will launch Jihad against India".
#hafiz saeed #pm #narendra modi #terrorism
Hafiz warned Modi that the latter should "resolve the Kashmir dispute, and if you are not ready to resolve, then God willing, Kashmir will be the gate and we will launch Jihad against India".
Saeed also offered advice to the Islamic State group "I invite you, you are sitting near the Israel boarder, go and destroy the Israeli Jewish," he said.
The convention was organised by Saeed who is against trade relations between India and Pakistan.
Saeed originally helped establish Lashkar-e-Taiba two decades ago to fight Indian rule in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir.
The United Nations considers Jamaat-ud-Dawa to be a front group for Lashkar-e-Taiba, the militant organisation blamed in the Mumbai terror attacks of 2008, a charge which the head of JuD, Hafiz Saeed, denies.
The US government named the charity a "foreign terrorist organisation" earlier this year, claiming it is a front for banned militants.
Commenting on the development, Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said Pakistani support to Saeed was like mainstreaming of terrorists and terrorism and it was a blatant disregard for norms against terrorism.
195

How Republicans can repeal and replace Obamacare in 2015: My USAToday op-edBy Randy Barnett December 5
Because the Supreme Court granted cert in King v. Burwell, there is now the real prospect of repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act in 2015. But only if the Republicans in the House and Senate actually take the time to develop an alternative health insurance reform bill to send to the President’s desk when the case is decided. In my USAToday column this morning , I explain why:
Until the Supreme Court agreed to hear King v. Burwell, which challenges the legality of the IRS rule allowing Obamacare subsidies in states that have not built their own insurance exchanges, the conventional wisdom was that Congress would pass a symbolic bill to repeal Obamacare that everyone knows would be vetoed by the president. Then they’d move on. Obamacare would survive at least until 2017. But the decision to hear King changes everything. Insiders know that this challenge has a decent chance of success. Rather than asking the court to establish some grand constitutional principle, the justices are merely being asked to hold the IRS to the actual wording of the law, which is not nearly so heavy a lift. The eventual outcome of the case doesn’t matter as much as the decision to hear it. With the lawsuit now looming over them, all the “stakeholders” — such as insurance companies and health care providers — know that the subsidies for health insurance in [36 states] are in serious jeopardy. And the end of these subsidies means the end of the insurance mandate for businesses in those states, which kicks in only if employees are eligible for subsidies on an exchange. There is now a serious financial risk that did not exist before the Supreme Court agreed to hear this case. Insurance and health care companies need an insurance policy against the collapse of the insurance market. Republicans in Congress need a way to resist the enormous political pressure that will be applied to simply “fix” the health care law by allowing subsidies to flow through the federal exchange. And Democrats need to salvage something from all their efforts to pass the law. In short, now everyone needs to invest in devising a replacement for Obamacare.
Even better, by developing such an alternative, Republicans can make a favorable ruling more likely:
As a rule, Supreme Court justices are reluctant to invalidate a law on which many relied. It will be far easier for the justices to enforce the law’s existing language if they know there is a viable alternative that can be enacted by both houses of Congress and signed by the president within a week of their ruling.
I then identify several features that such a market-based measure might have. In addition, given Obamacare’s unpopularity, an Obamacare replacement bill might even attract Democrat support of it contains refundable tax credits to replace the current means-tested subsidies (which would eliminate the current incentive to limit one’s hours and keep one’s wages low to preserve one’s subsidy). Democrats can even claim that, without Obamacare, Republicans would never have supported this sort of reform.  But regardless of whether there is Democratic buy in,
Republicans need to have a well-vetted replacement in the pipeline. To make a favorable ruling in King more likely, the legislative wheels must be visibly in motion by the time of oral arguments in March. Before the Supreme Court took this case, Republicans in Congress were limited to symbolic action against Obamacare. Now, thanks to voters in November and the justices who voted to hear the case, beginning in January, Republicans in Congress can craft a bipartisan market-based replacement that the president will be compelled to sign in June when the court announces its decision. Simply by acting as legislators, Republicans in the next Congress can actually repeal and replace Obamacare.
But this would require them to be legislators. (Read the whole thing here .)
Randy Barnett is the Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory, Georgetown University Law Center, and Director of the Georgetown Center for the Constitution. His books include: Restoring the Lost Constitution: The Presumption of Liberty (Princeton, 2d. ed 2014); and The Structure of Liberty: Justice and the Rule of Law (Oxford, 2d. ed. 2014).

Orion spacecraft captures a picture of Earth during its historic test flightBy Rachel Feltman December 5 Follow @rachelfeltman
That's one good looking planet. (NASA)
NASA's Orion spacecraft -- theoretically capable of carrying humans to Mars -- is now almost finished with its historic test flight. After three failed launch attempts on Thursday, the craft took off from Cape Canaveral, Fla. at 7:05 a.m. on Friday.
The spacecraft will orbit our planet twice during its 4.5-hour test flight. At 9 a.m., the Delta IV rocket carrying Orion ignited its upper stage, pushing the spacecraft to greater heights. It reached its peak altitude of 3,600 miles at around 10:10 am. At that point, it was higher than any spacecraft capable of carrying humans has been in over 40 years.
The image above was taken as Orion climbed to the peak of its orbit. The spacecraft's cameras have been shut off while it travels through the Van Allen radiation belts -- layers of high radiation that will bombard the craft.
But be sure to check back to the NASA livestream a bit before 11:30 a.m. so you can watch Orion splash back down to Earth.
1 of 22

Obama nominated Ashton Carter as next secretary of defenseBy Missy Ryan December 5 Follow @missy_ryan
President Obama named Ashton Carter as his nominee for secretary of defense during a news conference on Friday, saying that during his time as president, he "relied on [Carter's] expertise and...his judgment." (AP)
President Obama nominated a new defense chief on Friday to replace Chuck Hagel, who is departing the Pentagon as the United States expands its fight against Islamic State militants in the Middle East.
The nominee,  Ashton B. Carter , is a physicist and former academic who previously served as the Pentagon’s second-highest ranking official.
In making the announcement, Obama listed the array of challenges including battling the Islamic State militants, confronting cyber-terrorism and using military resources to help control the spread of Ebola.
Hagel, a former Republican senator from Nebraska, announced that he would depart the Pentagon following weeks of speculation about a rift between the Pentagon leadership and the White House. Hagel, a decorated veteran of the Vietnam war, took over in early 2013 charged with reforming the Pentagon budget and ushering the U.S. military out of a dozen years of war.
But senior officials indicated that Obama wanted a change as the U.S. military broadens its operations in Iraq and Syria against the extremist group that captured a wide swath of territory in both countries.
Senior lawmakers have indicated their support for Carter, 60, who as deputy defense secretary oversaw the massive Pentagon budget and its weapons procurement.
Missy Ryan writes about the Pentagon, military issues, and national security for The Washington Post.

Liftoff! NASA Successfully Launches New Spacecraft Into OrbitOrion's Dramatic Test Flight Ends With 'Bulls-Eye' Splashdown
 |  By MARCIA DUNN
reddit
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — NASA's new Orion spacecraft made a "bull's-eye" Pacific splashdown Friday following a dramatic journey 3,604 miles beyond Earth. The achievement opens a new era of human exploration aimed at putting people on Mars.
The unmanned, 4½-hour test flight set at least one record: flying farther and faster than any capsule built for humans since the Apollo moon program.
"There's your new spacecraft, America," Mission Control commentator Rob Navias said as the Orion capsule neared the water 270 miles off Mexico's Baja peninsula.
NASA is counting on future Orions to carry astronauts beyond Earth's orbit in the decades ahead, to asteroids and ultimately the grand prize: Mars.
The lead flight director, Mike Sarafin, was emotional as he signed off from Houston.
"We challenged our best and brightest to continue to lead in space," Sarafin said. "While this was an unmanned mission, we were all on board Orion."
The agency quickly reported positive results: Not only did the capsule arrive intact, all the parachutes deployed and onboard computers withstood the intense radiation of the Van Allen belts surrounding Earth.
The capsule reached a peak altitude more than 14 times farther from our planet than the International Space Station. No spacecraft designed for astronauts had gone so far since Apollo 17 — NASA's final moon shot — 42 years ago.
NASA needed to send Orion that high in order to set the crew module up for a 20,000-mph, 4,000-degree entry. That was considered the most critical part of the entire flight — testing the largest of its kind heat shield for survival before humans climb aboard.
In 11 minutes, Orion slowed from 20,000 mph to 20 mph at splashdown, its final descent aided by eight parachutes deployed in sequence. A crew on board would have endured as much as 8.2 Gs, or 8.2 times the force of Earth gravity, double the Gs of a returning Russian Soyuz capsule, according to NASA.
Earth shrank from view through Orion's capsule window during its trip out to space, and stunning images were relayed back home. Its return was recorded by an unmanned drone flying over the recovery zone, providing more spectacular views. Helicopters then relayed images of the crew module bobbing in the water. Three of the five air bags deployed properly, enough to keep the capsule floating upright.
The U.S. Navy pulled up in a pair of ships to recover the spacecraft and transport it to San Diego, 630 miles away. Orion ended up just 1½ miles from the predicted splashdown spot. Only two of the parachutes could be recovered.
Once ashore, Orion will be transported by truck back to Cape Canaveral, just in time for Christmas.
It's supposed to soar again in 2017 in a launch abort test, followed by a second Orion heading to space in 2018 aboard the megarocket under development by NASA. Officials expect it will be at least seven years from now — 2021 — before Orion carries people, given present budget constraints.
Orion's debut was intended to be brief — just two laps around Earth, shorter than even John Glenn's orbital achievement in 1962.
NASA is now "one step closer" to putting humans aboard Orion, said NASA Administrator Charles Bolden Jr. He called it "Day One of the Mars era."
Earlier Friday, everything went NASA's way as the powerful Delta IV rocket lifted Orion into orbit.
The atmosphere was reminiscent of the shuttle-flying days, but considerably more upbeat than that last mission in 2011.
Astronaut Rex Walheim was aboard the final shuttle flight and joined dozens of space fliers on hand for this historic send-off. He talked up Orion's future in sending crews to Mars and the importance of becoming what he called "a multi-planetary species."
The Orion would be supplemented with habitats for Mars trips, which would take eight months using current rockets. NASA hopes improving technology will speed the journey.
"You have that excitement back here at the Kennedy Space Center and it's tinged with even more excitement with what's coming down the road," Walheim said.
Orion's team got a shout-out from the team handling Curiosity, the rover now on Mars. "Congrats #Orion! We're one step closer to bootprints next to these rover tracks," said their tweet, which was posted with a picture of one of the rover's treaded wheels on the dusty red surface.
In Houston, NASA's Mission Control led the entire operation once Orion was aloft, allowing the spacecraft to fly essentially on autopilot, although veterans of shuttle flights could have intervened if necessary.
The spacecraft was rigged with 1,200 sensors to gauge everything from heat to vibration to radiation. At 11 feet tall with a 16.5-foot base, Orion is bigger than the old-time Apollo capsules and, obviously, more advanced. It could carry four astronauts, one more than Apollo, on long treks, six on relatively short voyages of three weeks.
NASA deliberately kept astronauts off this first Orion.
Managers wanted to test the riskiest parts of the spacecraft — the heat shield, parachutes, various jettisoning components — before committing to a crew.
This Orion — serial number 001 — lacked seats, cockpit displays and life-support equipment, but brought along bundles of toys and memorabilia: bits of moon dust; the crew patch worn by Sally Ride, America's first spacewoman; a Capt. James Kirk doll owned by "Star Trek" actor William Shatner.
Lockheed Martin Corp. already has begun work on a second Orion and plans to build a fleet of the capsules. An asteroid redirected to lunar orbit is intended for the first stop in the 2020s, followed by Mars in the 2030s.
The company handled the $370 million test flight for NASA, opting for the Delta IV, the most powerful unmanned rocket in the U.S. right now. The entire rocket and capsule, topped by a launch abort tower, stretched 242 feet and weighed 1.6 million pounds — an "incredible monster," according to Bolden.
To push Orion farther out on future flights, NASA is developing the Space Launch System or SLS, megarocket. The first Orion-SLS combo will fly around 2018, again without a crew to shake out the rocket, although it will be capable of carrying four astronauts on long hauls and as many as six on three-week hikes.
Bolden, a former astronaut and now NASA's No. 1, called Mars "the ultimate destination of this generation," but said his three young granddaughters think otherwise, telling him, "Don't get hung up on Mars because there are other places to go once we get there."
___
Associated Press reporter Alex Sanz contributed to this report from Cape Canaveral.
___
Previous versions of this story misspelled the name of Chris Tarkenton, who traveled from Virginia to observe.
___

PIL filed against collection of wastage by jewellers dismissedPIL filed against collection of wastage by jewellers dismissed
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 5:  
The Madras High Court today dismissed a PIL seeking to declare collecting of wastage and making-loss from customers by jewellers as illegal.
Dismissing the petition, the first bench comprising Chief Justice S K Kaul and Justice Pushpa Sathyanarayana said “in our view, this is a social discourse. Jewellery is not a matter of essential item. There is no compulsion to buy jewellery. Whether and how necessary parameters are to be provided for the trade is a matter for the government to examine“.
M Palanimuthu, an advocate, in his petition contended that non-existent ‘wastages’ are burdened on consumers who end up paying 30 per cent of the ornaments they buy as wastage’ and making-loss.
The bench pointed out that the petitioner had submitted representations to authorities in this regard on November 25 and then moved the court for a directive.
“Interestingly, the petitioner preferred a representation on November 25 and six days later filed the PIL. He had not even given adequate time to the government to respond, if it is so desired. If any trader is publishing misleading advertisements, then the forum for that is different and not through a PIL” the judges said.
Palanimuthu maintained that gold and silver ornaments were essential items in south India and they served to show love, affection, status and savings for families. “No other commodity, ranging from crude oil to vegetables, would a trader burden the consumer with demurrage, pilferage, transmission loss and perishable charges. Only for gold and silver ornaments, customers are made to pay for so-called wastages and making losses,” he said.
The judges said they were not inclined to entertain the PIL and dismissed it at admission stage itself.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Autos not allowed to ply in Delhi without GPS  electronic fare meterAutos not allowed to ply in Delhi without GPS, electronic fare meter
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 5:  
Autos plying in Noida, Ghaziabad, Sonipat, Gurgaon and Faridabad will not be allowed to enter the national capital in absence of GPS and electronic fare meter, the Delhi Government today said.
Notifying the NCR permit conditions for autorickshaws plying in NCR, it said permits will be issued only to 2,750 autos of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh each, which will allow them to ply on Delhi roads.
Women applicants will be given priority while issuing permits in each category. The autos without GPS/GPRS and electronic fare meter, certified by DIMTS, will not be allowed to ply in Delhi, it said.
According to the notification, different colour codes have been set up for autorickshaws of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana.
“The autorickshaws allowed for Uttar Pradesh should have three inch orange coloured strip horizontally in the centre of green colour. The phrase ‘NCR auto for Uttar Pradesh’ in white colour will have to be indicated inside the strip,” it said.
Besides, it also said that autorickshaws of Haryana should have three inch purple coloured strip horizontally in the centre of green colour.
Similarly, the phrase ‘NCR auto for Haryana’ in white colour will have to be indicated inside the strip.
Transport Department officials have also made it clear that illuminated LCD display board will have to be installed on top of the autorickshaws clearly indicating that these autorickshaws are having NCR permits with the name of state.
“The driver running NCR autos will charge fare from the passengers as approved by the government as specified from time-to-time and a copy of fare table to be supplied b the Permit Issuing Authority, will be exhibited in the vehicles behind driver seat,” it said.
The Government also said that the drivers running NCR autos will not refuse to ply to any place within of Delhi and NCR area allowed under the permit.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Group medical premium rates for corporates likely to rise 15%Group medical premium rates for corporates likely to rise 15%
Deepa Nair
Group health cover is a loss-making segment for insurers
Mumbai, December 4:  
As loss-burdened general insurers take a hard look at rates, heavy discounts on premiums for companies providing group health insurance to employees may soon be a thing of the past.
For the first time, insurers are trying to standardise the information on employees’ medical history for pricing group health policies.
Currently, group health insurance is a loss-making portfolio as companies drive hard bargains to bring down premium rates. Also, increasing competition has resulted in severe undercutting, with premium rates declining 5-10 per cent this fiscal, said industry experts.
According to the insurers, the move to standardise the collection of medical data is expected to increase group health insurance premium rates by about 15 per cent, especially in accounts where heavy discounts were provided. General insurers have been increasing premium rates for retail health insurance, though it is a profitable portfolio, and providing heavy discounts on group health insurance rates for corporates.
Corporate discounts
Recently, the regulator expressed concern on the heavy discounts offered to corporate clients. At present, general insurers rely on information and data supplied piecemeal by intermediaries or clients. In most cases, the numbers are inconsistent or incomplete and there is inadequate disclosure on such basic aspects as the overall claim payout the previous year or the increase in number of employees covered. Segar Sampathkumar, General Manger of New India Assurance, which holds the largest health insurance portfolio in the market, said there is a need to reform the current system and standardise nomenclature to ensure there is no misrepresentation of information collected. He said this will ensure that brokers are responsible for the data they collect from companies. Sanjay Datta, Chief, Underwriting and Claims, ICICI Lombard General Insurance, said the standardisation will ensure there is clarity on the information collected.
Gurpal Dhingra, Director of Prudent Insurance brokers, said: “The lack of standardised data and information is one of the main reasons for poor pricing of group health policies and big losses suffered by most insurers because claims have been disproportionately large compared to premiums paid.”
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Live: Celebrating the Express I.T. Awards  2014 in Bengaluru #ExpressITAwardsSpiceJet gets a lifeline but only for eight weeks
The Financial Express felicitated those whose exemplary performance is an inspiration to most at the ‘Express IT Awards’ held in Bengaluru today. Judged by an eminent jury of experts, the awards recognised and rewarded both, companies at the cutting edge of technology innovation and leading professionals across the IT industry.
Gathered in the city’s software hub to listen to the experts and to celebrate excellence and innovation in technology was the country’s tech fraternity to raise a toast to the winners of the second Express I.T. Awards — instituted by the Indian Express Group — who have been chosen by an eminent jury.
Check out the winners
Subramanian Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, was honoured for his outstanding contribution to the IT industry with the Lifetime Achievement award.
This time around, the Newsmaker of the Year is Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, who takes home the award for steering his firm in a landmark year that saw it scale newer heights with a $2.7-billion acquisition.
Check it out as it happened:
Tweets by @FinancialXpress
The awards, across seven categories, showcase the most innovative and scalable IT solutions across the most relevant fields namely, IT Innovation, IT Biz, Mobility Solutions, Analytics Solutions, Cloud Solutions, IT Entrepreneurship and Green Technologies.
The jury comprised Som Mittal, former Nasscom president, TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education, Google India’s Anandan, and S Sadagopan, director, IIT, Bengaluru. PwC provided knowledge support for the awards.
Join the conversation:
TAGS: Express IT Awards
More from companies

When Opposition unites  CPI(M) gets dividedComments
When the Opposition unites, the CPI(M) gets divided!
On Thursday late night, former West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharyya publicly protested the party’s Lok Sabha wing’s move to hold joint rally with arch-rival Trinamool outside Parliament.
This rare public outburst from the tallest leader of CPI(M)’s Bengal unit, which is already disgruntled over several strategies of the central leadership, prompted the comrades in Lower House avoid the Opposition’s grand protest outside Parliament building Friday where the Congress, Trinamool and others participated.
Bhattacharya’s key objection was against party MPs joining protests with Trinamool against derogatory comments by a Union minister when the state CPI(M) is fighting for action against Trinamool MP Tapas Paul for his threat to send boys to rape women in families of CPI(M) supporters.
“Our party is consistently demanding the resignation of the minister. But we cannot go into a joint programme with Trinamool which has no credibility in the fight against communalism. Strict action against Tapas Paul also needs to be taken," Bhattacharya’s statement said.
The incident, once again, brought out the underlying tension and disconnect between the Karat-led central leadership and the state leadership in Bengal, where the party is struggling to remain relevant. Sources added that party’s Lok Sabha leader P Karunakaran, a veteran from Kerala, agreed to hold joint protests. With just nine MPs in Lok Sabha, the CPI(M) is far from being a major force on the basis of its own strength.
Karunakaran, sources added, enjoyed the support of Karat who told some of his colleagues Thursday, “This is good. Now, something will also happen in Lok Sabha.” Till Thursday, the Opposition versus the government fight was restricted to Rajya Sabha only where the Opposition enjoys majority over the government.
CPI(M) Rajya Sabha leader and politburo member Sitaram Yechury told HT, “The decision (to join protest with Trinamool) was taken by the Lok Sabha unit. As far as we are concerned, the CPI(M) is Rajya Sabha is leading the protests in the Upper House and our cooperation is limited within the House.”
Trinamool spokesperson Derek O’Brian took a dig at Bhattacharyya for forcing his party stay out of the protests: “He lost the assembly election by a margin of 30,000 votes. It was their loss not to join protests.”
Sources added, Bhattacharyya came to know about the developments late in the night and immediately tried to connect Karat and Yechury. Unable to get them, he called up a young party MP of Rajya Sabha and vented his frustration over the decision. Later, the former CM managed to speak to the two leaders and told them that he would issue a statement—a rare act in a regimented party like the CPI(M).

http://usat.ly/1FZeXq9FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Review: 'Dragon Age' soars highest in 'Inquisition'
During my first hours exploring Thedas in the role-playing epic Dragon Age Inquisition, my party travels to the Storm Coast to close rifts that serve as gateways to demons. As we walk along the edge of the
Post to Facebook
Review: 'Dragon Age' soars highest in 'Inquisition' During my first hours exploring Thedas in the role-playing epic Dragon Age Inquisition, my party travels to the Storm Coast to close rifts that serve as gateways to demons. As we walk along the edge of the Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A0okSn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Review: 'Dragon Age' soars highest in 'Inquisition'
Brett Molina , USA TODAY 5:07 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
A scene from 'Dragon Age: Inquisition.'
(Photo: Electronic Arts)
17 CONNECT 93 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
During my first hours exploring Thedas in the role-playing epic Dragon Age Inquisition, my party travels to the Storm Coast to close rifts that serve as gateways to demons.
As we walk along the edge of the water, I looked across and spot a dragon. But it's not alone. Looking more closely, I see a giant leap into the air, trying to pound the dragon with his massive fists. My party is still lacking experience, so we just enjoy the spectacle. The giant gets in a couple more punches before the dragon wipes him out for good and flies off.
This is a sliver of the adventure portrayed in the third installment of Dragon Age, the best of the series from beloved video game studio BioWare (Mass Effect, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic). The studio's reputation for epic storytelling shines, while combat and party management feel simple and more rewarding.
The game starts with players creating their character. They'll choose one of four races: human, elf, dwarf or a race of horned giants called Qunari. Each race delivers special bonuses that give a character a quick boost. Qunari add a boost to melee defense, while elves receive an increase in ranged defense.
Then, players choose their gender followed by class: warrior, mage or rogue, each offering unique combat strategies. In my case, I specialized in archery and stealth, using an invisibility power to continuously flank foes with arrow strikes. Depending on my party, I could change on the fly, swapping to daggers and dealing more damage up close. Mages can specialize in fire magic or ice magic, for example, while warriors can dive into weapon-and-shield tactics versus two-handed weapon mastery.
Players will lead an inquisition, investigating rifts that have opened in the land of Thedas. Demons spill out of the rifts, and the player boasts the unique ability to close them. Players will lead a party of characters across Thedas to close these rifts and investigate their cause.
Like BioWare's earlier work on Dragon Age — and its other properties such as sci-fi epic Mass Effect — there is an incredible amount of information to consume. Players can spend hours simply reading letters or exploring Inquisition's codex, which serves as a hub detailing every region and element within the universe.
During Inquisition, players are more than just an archer, or warrior, or necromancer. They have to make key political moves to lead Thedas through this troubling period. After setting up in The Haven, players will congregate in the war room, sending representatives to perform a variety of tasks. Players can opt for diplomatic approaches, secretive moves or military displays with a show of soldiers.
When players complete missions, they earn power that is cashed in to perform more critical tasks. This inquisition takes place amid a larger battle between Mages and Templars, so players must make big choices that impact how events unfold.
Joining "The Inquisitor" is a diverse cast of characters to assemble your party, ranging from warriors Cassandra and Iron Bull to mages Solas and Dorian. Players will develop their relationships with these characters -- even spark potential romances -- as well as watch this crew interact with each other, such as a puzzled Dorian asking Iron Bull why he must embark on this journey shirtless. The give-and-take helps develop bonds with characters that other games often only hope to achieve.
Combat has changed considerably since the game's 2011 predecessor Dragon Age II. Players press and hold the right trigger to unleash a basic attack, adding special moves mapped to the controller's face buttons. BioWare adds Tactical View, a top-down perspective that pauses action and allows players to assign actions to party members. Let's say the party encounters a giant. I can have my warriors get up close and target its leg while my archer and mage characters  shoot at its head from a distance.
More importantly, even when I don't issue orders, the party of computer-controlled enemies feel far more adept at handling battles. This is critical when, say, I need to close a rift and my colleagues must fend off  throngs of demons. Players don't need to babysit party members. They're far more capable owning the battlefield without assistance. Players can also adjust the behaviors of party members, but it's a simpler experience compared to earlier games.
Then there are the countless things players do that don't require fighting, such as setting up camps, filling requisitions or gathering valuables that can be used to craft better weapons or armor. This is a rewarding journey that soaks up dozens of hours of time.
Inquisition introduces multiplayer, consisting of a variety of four-player cooperative missions. After players choose a character type, they dive right into the action by selecting one of the game's regions. It's a fun diversion that allows players to work together on in-world missions and tasks.
The world of Inquisition has a scale that expertly matches its epic storyline. One moment, you're setting up camp in the desert, the next exploring lush forests. In another moment, you're fending off waves of giant spiders inside a cave, the next teaming up to conquer a massive dragon. The adventures awaiting players are boundless.
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Platform(s): PC, PlayStation 4, PS3, Xbox One, Xbox 360
Price: $59.99

NASA s Orion Craft Hits High Point of 3 604 MilesIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Lazear: Strong jobs report overall
If Oil s So Cheap  Why Isn t Gas Cheaper
The Why not me race for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016By Chris Cillizza and Aaron Blake December 5 Follow @thefix Follow @aaronblakewp
A herd of elephants. Get it? Ishara S.KODIKARA/AFP/Getty Images
If there's one think you can say about the 2016 Republican presidential field, it is this: It is going to be HUGE.
There are currently  23 names on the long, long list of potential candidates . That's twice (!) as many people as have ever run for the GOP nomination in the past. Now, not all of those "candidates" will actually run -- Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker and Rep. Marsha Blackburn don't make much sense as presidential candidates, to name just two -- but that's a huge field of prospective candidates.
And while all two dozen names being mentioned won't make the race, the fact that so many credible candidates are actively looking at running speaks to the key dynamic of the coming Republican race: There is no true frontrunner.
You can make the case for Jeb Bush as the top dog .  Or Chris Christie. Or, as we have in the ratings below, Rand Paul. But, you can unmake each of those cases -- including ours -- pretty easily. When national polls on the race puts the frontrunner at 15 percent , you know that the word "frontrunner" doesn't really mean that much.
Given that, the prevailing sentiment among ambitious Republicans looking at 2016 is, "Why not me?" As in, if the best-known candidates are only polling the in the mid-teens (at best), why the heck shouldn't I run and just see what happens? That attitude is affirmed by what happened in the 2012 primary fight, a remarkably fluid contest that saw previously unknown candidates like Herman Cain get their moment(s) in the national spotlight. It's also buoyed by the recent trend of people running for president not necessarily to win but to improve their future earning prospects.
Add it all up and you can expect to see somewhere as many as 12-15 legitimate candidates in the presidential contest at some point during the next two years.
Below are our rankings of the 10 with the best chance of winding up as the nominee. The No. 1-ranked candidates is the most likely winner.
To the line!
10. Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.): The 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee is on this list because he would be a frontrunner the moment he got in. But Ryan also seems entirely happy to continue serving in the House. He just traded in his House Budget Committee chairmanship for the even-more-powerful Ways and Means Committee, which gives him ample reason to stick around. Remember that Ryan is only 44 years old, meaning he could easily wait a presidential cycle or even two before going national (again). (Previous ranking: 10)
9. Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee: On the one hand, there are  national and early-state polls that show Huckabee is among the best-known and best-liked politicians considering the 2016 contest. On the other hand, Huckabee seems no more committed to building a real campaign infrastructure or raising money than he was in 2008, when his inability to do either made it impossible for him to capitalize on the momentum gained from his win in the Iowa caucuses. Huckabee is a very talented pol. But not learning the lessons of a past loss is the hallmark of someone who will lose again. (Previous ranking: 7)
8. Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas): Cruz is, and will continue to be, the most conservative candidate in the field. He is also the frontrunner to be the candidate that all of the other candidates privately -- and maybe even publicly -- detest. Cruz, of course, relishes that role, believing that it affirms just how much of an outsider he is to the political process. He will likely have a devoted and committed 10-15 percent in a place like Iowa; the question is whether he can grow beyond that loyal following or whether he is Michele Bachmann 2.0. (Previous ranking: 8)
7. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal: BuzzFeed's Rosie Gray reported Thursday that Jindal has enlisted former senator Jim Talent (R-Mo.) and former ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton to advise him on foreign policy. That's the move of someone who is preparing to run for president. But with Jindal, that was never really in doubt -- especially since he is termed out as governor in early 2016. This guy has oodles of potential, but he needs polish and some more personality. (Previous ranking: 9)
6. Ohio Gov. John Kasich: Kasich continues to do the best thing he can for his 2016 prospects:  Insist he isn't all that interested in running . Don't believe him. As we've said before, the best indicator of running for president in the future is having run for president in the past. And Kasich ran, albeit briefly, for president in 2000. A two-term governor -- he won almost two-thirds of the vote this fall, in part because his opponent imploded -- of a swing state with a specialty in the economy (like Ryan, he chaired the Budget Committee) is a pretty compelling resume even in this very crowded field. (Previous ranking: 6)
5. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker: Well, he survived. Walker won his third gubernatorial election in four years last month, defeating Democrat Mary Burke by five points in what had been polling as a very close race. The question now is whether Walker wants to jump right back on to the campaign trail after tough races in 2010 and 2014 and a recall in 2012. That's a lot to ask. But winning a blue-leaning state three times in a row makes Walker a hot commodity, and he might not have as good a chance any time soon. (Previous ranking: 4)
4. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio: Rubio is like a really talented college basketball player who goes pro after his freshman year. Everyone knows he has the ability, but it's not clear whether he can put it all together in the near term. Rubio is the most naturally talented candidate this side of Chris Christie, but he's also young and relatively inexperienced in politics at the national level. Ability tends to trump experience in presidential contests (see: Obama, Barack) so our guess is Rubio, who runs unless Jeb does, will over-perform current expectations. (Previous ranking: 2)
3. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush: Bush offered some very interesting comments this week, saying Republicans need candidates who are willing to " lose the primary to win the general, without violating your principles .” That's a nice sentiment, and few embody that approach better than Bush. But there's a reason politicians pander: because they don't like to alienate people whose votes (and money) they need. If Bush does indeed run in the primary as an unapologetic supporter of comprehensive immigration reform and Common Core, we'll see whether GOP voters reward his electability argument. Count us skeptical. (Previous ranking: 1)
2. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie: Few people emerged from November's election happier than Christie. As the chairman of the Republican Governors Association, it was looking like a tough year -- even up to Election Day. But the RGA beat expectations, even picking up three governor's seats in the process and taking
32
31 of the nation's 50 states. The biggest wins were in blue states like Illinois, Maine, Maryland and Massachusetts. And, on Friday, Christie got even more good news when a Democratic-led investigation into Bridgegate showed no evidence he knew about the lane closures on the George Washington Bridge . (Previous ranking: 5)
1. Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul: People used to roll their eyes when we said Paul had a real chance to be the Republican nominee in 2016. No one rolls their eyes anymore. Paul has a unique activist and fundraising base thanks to his dad's two runs for president, and has shown considerable savvy in his outreach efforts to the establishment end of the party over the past few years. Paul still says odd things -- his blaming of high cigarette taxes for Eric Garner's death being the latest -- that are going to get him in trouble in the heat of a presidential race. But, Paul is the candidate furthest along in the planning process for president and the one with the most current strength in early states like Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina. (Previous ranking: 3)
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

The best run states in the country are ones with lots of natural resources and Republican governorsBy Hunter Schwarz December 5 Follow @hunterschwarz
States that produce large amounts of oil and coal rank high in a new list of the best run states. (Shannon Stapleton/Reuters)
The best run states in the United States tend to be neighboring Republican states in the middle of the country with rich resources and low unemployment, according to a new ranking .
A list compiled by 24/7 Wall Street  shows North Dakota is the best run state in America, followed by Wyoming, Nebraska, Iowa, Minnesota, and Utah. Alaska, Texas, Vermont, and South Dakota round out the top 10.
The top 10 states are also overwhelmingly Republican. Only two, Minnesota and Vermont, have Democratic governors. Five also have Republican controlled state legislatures that will take office (North Dakota, Wyoming, Nebraska, Utah, Texas, and South Dakota). Vermont is the only state in the top 10 that will have a Democratic controlled legislature, and the remainder will have divided legislatures.
The ranking was determined using factors including unemployment rates, GDP, revenue, tax collection, violent crime rates, and foreclosures.
North Dakota was named the best run state for the third consecutive year. It’s a magnet for jobs; last year, more than 5 percent of the population had moved there since 2010, and it has 2.9 percent unemployment, the lowest rate in the country. North Dakota’s economy has been fueled by an oil boom. It trails only Texas for largest oil producer in the United States.
Second place Wyoming produces more coal than any other state, 39 percent of all coal in the country, while third place Nebraska had a strong showing with debt per capita (the second lowest in the country), agricultural output (third highest) and unemployment (third lowest).
Hunter Schwarz covers state and local politics and policy across the country for the Washington Post.

Super Typhoon Hagupit nears Philippines  threatens devastating rainfall and floodingBy Angela Fritz December 5 Follow @angelafritz
Infrared satellite image of Super Typhoon Hagupit on Friday morning. (NOAA)
Update at 4:30 p.m.: The most recent track forecast from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center has shifted just slightly south, but is mostly in agreement with earlier forecasts, predicting Typhoon Hagupit to make initial landfall in northern Samar. From there, the center forecasts the typhoon to decrease in intensity as it travels northwest through the islands of the Philippines, reaching Manila on Sunday.
(JTWC)
Original post:
Uncertainty remains as to exactly where Super Typhoon Hagupit will make landfall in the Philippines this weekend. However, what is known for sure — and what millions of Filipinos are preparing for — is that the dangerous typhoon will lash the island nation with extreme winds and torrential, flooding rain for days.
Super Typhoon Hagupit, which is closing in on the Philippines island of Samar, remains a dangerous storm on Friday, with sustained winds of 150 mph, and gusts up to 185 mph, the equivalent of a category 4 huricane. The typhoon underwent a period of re-intensification on Thursday night, called an eye wall replacement cycle, and has since regained its “super typhoon” status on Friday morning.
Disaster management teams are preparing for the worst ahead of Typhoon Hagupit. It is expected to make landfall in the Philippines over the weekend. (Reuters)
Hagupit’s winds likely won’t be the most devastating impact of the typhoon as it roars ashore on Saturday. On Friday morning, the storm was only moving forward at seven miles per hour — a crawl that will prolong the duration of its most serious and widespread impact: torrential, flooding rain.
“The process is expected to be agonizingly slow, ” writes the The Weather Channel, “potentially taking 48-72 hours to move from the eastern Philippines to Metro Manila.”
Satellite-derived rainfall in millimeters. (Univ. of Wisconsin)
Satellite-derived estimates suggest that the Philippines — and the island of Samar in particular — will see rainfall rates peak in excess of two inches per hour. Hagupit’s outer rain bands have already reached the islands, where it will continue to rain through early next week as the typhoon slowly tracks west.
Given the storm’s slow forward speed, the high rainfall rates will likely lead to extreme rainfall totals. Forecast models suggest final accumulation could exceed an astonishing two feet in some locations, making landslides and life-threatening flash floods likely, especially in the high terrain where rainfall rates will be the largest.
Coastal Samar will take the brunt of the storm’s wind and surge. Officials in the Philippines are warning of a storm surge up to 12 feet.
Rainfall forecast estimate for Super Typhoon Haguput. ( The Weather Channel )
Over the past few days, forecast tracks have become dire for the island of Samar, which is still recovering from Typhoon Haiyan of 2013. Both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippines weather service are forecasting a track that brings the typhoon ashore close to the still-devastated city of Tacloban.
Forecast track from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, which is forecasting a landfall location farther north than the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippines weather agency. (JTWC)
Whether or not Tacloban sees Hagupit’s strongest winds will rely strongly on the exact track of the storm. The strongest winds in the typhoon will be on the north side of the eye, so a track just south of the city will put it at largest risk. A track to the north would spare the area of the most lashing wind speeds, though the typhoon’s flooding rainfall will be extremely dangerous in any situation.
Super Typhoon Hagupit comes just one year after deadly Typhoon Haiyan made landfall in the Philippines with sustained winds up to an incredible 195 mph. Tacloban itself felt the worst impacts of the storm, being just north of the eye. Haiyan is the deadliest typhoon on record for the country, having killed at least 6,000 people.
Typhoon Hagupit, locally known as Ruby, was closing in on the Philippines from the Pacific Ocean on Friday. It is expected to touch down on Saturday as a Category 4 storm. (The Washington Post)
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

Hot cheese for cold nightsTartiflette Savoyarde at Bistrot du Coin
Tartiflette Savoyard at Bistrot du Coin. (Fritz Hahn/The Washington Post)
A specialty from the Alpine regions of Savoie and Haute-Savoie, this is the perfect apres-ski dish: a gratin of potatoes, onions and bacon smothered in nutty, super-creamy Reblochon cheese and baked in a cast-iron pan until the cheese turns crispy and golden brown. The result is sinfully delicious. For an even-more-filling alternative, Bistrot du Coin offers a similar dish from the same region: croziflette, which swaps the potatoes for a buckwheat pasta and adds slivers of French ham. ($8.25 for a small portion; $15.50 large.)
Welsh rarebit at Martin's Tavern
Welsh rarebit at Martin's Tavern (Hipstamatic photo by Fritz Hahn/The Washington Post)
This thick and tasty version of the pub staple finds cheddar cheese spiked with heavy cream and Yuengling, which we're guessing provides the light caramel sweetness. Mustard and paprika are dusted atop the piping-hot bowl. (If that's not enough, bartenders will offer you a bottle of hot sauce.) Mop up the cheese with slices of whole wheat toast, and you'll want to sip a Yuengling (on draft, of course) for the full effect. ($9.95.)
Blue Crab Mac N Cheese at City Tap House
Blue crab mac and cheese at City Tap House (Fritz Hahn/The Washington Post)
Diners are used to fancy takes on the humble mac and cheese, with additions of lobster or country ham. More rare, however, is a restaurant that adds blue crab in a supporting role. City Tap House's mac and cheese does just this. The house pasta is good on its own, hidden beneath a layer of cheese and crunchy breadcrumbs in a hot iron skillet, but make sure to scoop up some of the earthy fontina cheese, because there are nuggets of jumbo lump meat hiding in the sauce. ($14.)
Onion soup gratinee at Le Diplomate
French onion soup at Le Diplomate (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
The key to a good French onion soup, in our opinion, isn't just the rich carmelization of its titular ingredient. It's equally about the Gruyere cheese that's presented, brown and bubbling, atop a raft of French bread. It's best when said cheese is so melty that it can't be eaten neatly: If there are strings of cheese that bind your spoon to the miniature crock of soup, then you know you're doing it right. There's nothing we want more on a rainy night than Le Diplomate's ultra-rich soupe a l'oignon -- and the threads of cheese that stuck to our chins that come along with it. ($12.50.)
Fondue at Eno
Fondue at Eno (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
Sure, it may conjure up memories of '70s parties or suburban trips to the Melting Pot, but fondue is a dish that will never go out of style. Wine and cheese bar Eno has resurrected fondue for winter in a red Le Creuset crock filled with melted Emmenthal and Gruyere cheeses. According to Swiss tradition, anyone who drops their bread in the fondue pot is obligated to buy the next round of drinks, so be sure to have speared your dipping item of choice securely. If not, select bottles of wine are half-price on Mondays. ($19, serves two to three people.)
Saganaki at Cava Mezze
Saganaki at Cava Mezze (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
You know what makes this cheese great? FIRE. Saganaki is a square of kefalograviera, a Greek sheep's-milk cheese. When your server brings it to the table in a mini cast-iron pan, he or she will douse it in brandy and, with a huge whoosh, set it aflame. It's not some piddly little birthday candle fire, either -- you will feel the heat of a huge fireball from several tables away, over and over again, as everyone around you inevitably orders this dish after seeing your table of flaming cheese. We're pretty sure some brave servers may have lost their eyebrows in the line of duty. But yours are safe: When the alcohol burns off, the cheese is topped with a splash of lemon juice and presented to you, still sizzling. ($9.95.)
Flaming cheese saganaki at Cava Mezze (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
 
Cheese Toasty at Duke's Grocery
Cheese Toasty at Duke's Grocery (Maura Judkis/for The Post)
Filled with Gruyere, grana, Gouda, sauteed leeks, red onion and a very generous slathering of truffle butter, this is what grilled cheese sandwiches dream of becoming when they grow up. ($9)
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide.

Fritz Hahn and Maura Judkis
NASAs Orion wont fly again until 2018 at the earliestBy Christopher Ingraham December 5 Follow @_cingraham
NASA's new Orion spacecraft streaked into orbit Friday on a high-stakes test flight meant to usher in a new era of human exploration leading ultimately to Mars. (AP)
NASA successfully launched a test flight of its new Orion spacecraft this morning, the first step in a program that could send humans to Mars in the 2030s. While undoubtedly great news for space exploration, there's a sobering budgetary reality lurking just past the celebrations: due partly to NASA's precarious budgetary situation, the Orion won't fly again until 2018 at the earliest. The next flight after that won't happen until 2021.
Back in the 60s, at the height of the Apollo program, we devoted well over 4 percent of our total federal budget to NASA programs. Today only a tenth of that, 0.4 percent, goes to NASA. That's roughly the same amount of money we spend on international aid.
The first unmanned Apollo test mission flew in 1966 . Five additional test launches were carried out before the first manned mission in 1968.  In the first four years of the program, a total of 13 Apollo missions achieved liftoff. Between 1981 and 1985 there were 23 Space Shuttle flights. The first four years of the Orion program, by contrast, will see just two unmanned test flights.
Production delays and technical difficulties are one reason it will be four years until the next Orion flight, according to Space News . The government shutdown last year didn't help things either . But all of this is a function of there simply not being as much money to devote to space flight as there used to be -- not that anyone wants to see a return to the space funding of the cold war era, a time when 47 percent of the federal budget went toward military programs.
If the first successful Orion launch represents a new era of space exploration  for NASA, it's also a drastically circumscribed one. The agency is now more earthbound than ever before. The end goal of the Orion program, at least for now, is a manned mission to Mars. On the current production schedule we'd be lucky to see that happen in the 2030s. On the other hand  a crowdfunded private consortium , Mars One , is currently on track to put humans on the red planet a decade earlier than that.
Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.

Financials lead Wall Street higher  Dow hits recordWall Street dips in volatile trade; oil prices fall further
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
0
The S&P 500 energy index <.SPNY> bounced between positive and negative territory but ended down 0.7 percent after U.S. crude  settled off 3.3 percent at $55.91, hitting fresh 5-1/2 year lows. Both U.S. crude and Brent have fallen roughly 50 percent from highs in June.
"The question of lower global demand ... and how that translates into global economic growth, is a worry for investors," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Utility and financial shares were also among the day's biggest losers, with shares of JPMorgan Chase  down 1.5 percent at $59.16.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 99.99 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,180.84, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 12.7 points, or 0.63 percent, to 1,989.63 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 48.44 points, or 1.04 percent, to 4,605.16.
The S&P 500 ended below its 50-day moving average in a sign of possible further selling.
Shares of pet supply retailer PetSmart  rose 4.2 percent to $80.97 after it agreed to be bought by a private equity consortium led by BC Partners Ltd for $8.7 billion, in the largest leveraged buyout of the year.
Among the day's economic numbers, U.S. manufacturing output recorded its largest increase in nine months in November as production expanded across the board, pointing to underlying strength in the economy. However, the New York Federal Reserve's gauge of manufacturing turned negative in December for the first time in almost two years.
About 8.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 7.4 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancers 2,354 to 749, for a 3.14-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,962 issues fell and 790 advanced for a 2.48-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and 34 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 40 new highs and 179 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Punjab govt to hire private vehicles for officersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China asks US to help hunt more than 100 "economic fugitives"Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

All you need to know about the Insurance Bill: A primerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Krishna Iyer cremated with State honoursThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GSAT-16 rescheduled for launch tomorrowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Brent retreats near to $69 as price rout extendsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Real estate business accounts for major chunk of black money: Institute of Chartered Accountants of IndiaHi Guest
Real estate business accounts for major chunk of black money: Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
When it comes to flow of black money, real estate business accounts for a major chunk of of such illicit funds, accounting regulator ICAI has told the government. MUMBAI: When it comes to flow of black money, real estate business accounts for a major chunk of ...

GAIL arm to source natural gas for liquefaction at Cove Point  USThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IVRCL allots first tranche of 88 million shares to CDR lendersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

London City Lord Mayor to meet FinMin  seek opening up of insurance sectorLondon City Lord Mayor to meet FinMin, seek opening up of insurance sector
Vidya Ram
Tweet
London, December 5:  
Alan Yarrow, the new Lord Mayor of the City of London, and a delegation of senior executives from 13 institutions in the city – including Standard Chartered, Barclays, Accentrure, the London Stock Exchange and Lloyds of London – are set to begin a visit to New Delhi and Mumbai over the weekend.
Yarrow, who took up his post as Lord Mayor, representing the financial district of London, in November, is set to meet the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and other ministers including law, and human resources, and the Chairman of SEBI, and the Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India during the five-day visit, where he will push the case for further reforms that city institutions are hopeful of following the election of the new central government.
Insurance reforms
Among the top issues for his meeting with the finance minister will be the opening up of the insurance sector.
“We want the market to be licensed rather than licenses given individually.” Opening up the market would give India far better access to political risk insurance and other specialised forms of insurance, he said.
The Lord Mayor – whose position is separate to that of the publicly elected-mayor of London Boris Johnson – said a number of issues would be raised during the trip, particularly relating to the time frame for resolving disputes.
Long time
“Its fair to say there are a number of issues that take too long to resolve…we know we are pushing on an open door… we want to show you can maintain sovereignty and do world trade with an efficient legal system that can arbitrate over legal contracts in a short period of time.”
He said, “One of the most frustrating things is the time it takes to get a court case through. It simply takes too long for a court case to get resolved.” He would also be highlighting the changes that overseas investors keen on making investments in the country would further like to see.
“The Government knows about the problems – and we know they want to make changes…we want to make sure that when they do make those changes they are in the right direction for what India wants to achieve.”
Financial sector
On the agenda of the SEBI meeting would be the structure of incentives for the financial services industry – an area that has been the focus of London regulators following the financial crisis and a number of scandals involving the rigging of benchmark rates.
“We want to share our experiences with SEBI as to what we have been doing on the behavioural aspects and what happens when incentives are not properly drawn up,” said Yarrow, who is also the Chairman of the Chartered Institute for Securities and Investment, a professional body focused on standards and ethics in the financial services industry.
Immigrations
Yarrow, the former Chairman of the Kleinwort Benson Group, acknowledged that for a while British immigration rules had stood in the way of attracting the best talent from outside the EU – including from India – into the city, though added that changes brought in a year and a half ago had improved the situation.
“We, as a country, could not survive if we do not have a very intelligent approach to immigration…we have to get access to the best brains…it was certainly difficult 18 months ago but under the new points system you don’t hear that it is much of a problem. There are still areas where there needs to be some improvement,” he said, adding that continued reforms would ensure that the country got the balance right in the long-term.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Monte Carlo IPO subscribed nearly 8 times on last day of offerHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Monte Carlo IPO subscribed nearly 8 times on last day of offer
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
The initial share sale of Monte Carlo Fashions was subscribed 7.83 times on the last day of the issue today.
The Initial Public Offer (IPO) received over 2.97 crore bids as against more than 38 lakh shares on offer, according to data available with the National Stock Exchange till 2000 hours.
Updated figures on bids received from qualified institutional buyers (QIBs), non—institutional investors and retail individual investors were not immediately available.
Monte Carlo plans to raise about Rs 350 crore through IPO which closed today. The price band of the issue has been fixed at Rs 630—645.
SBI Capital Markets Limited, Axis Capital Limited, Edelweiss Financial Services Limited and Religare Capital Markets Limited were the book running lead managers to the issue.
The company has mopped up Rs 105 crore from anchor investors. Monte Carlo allotted more than 16.29 lakh shares to anchor investors at the price of Rs 645 apiece.
The offer constitutes 25 per cent of the post offer paid—up equity share capital of the company. The company was launched in 1984 as an exclusive woollen brand by Oswal Woollen Mills Ltd (OWML).
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

GSAT-16 rescheduled for launch on SaturdayGSAT-16 rescheduled for launch on Saturday
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec 5:  
India’s latest communication satellite GSAT-16 will be launched early tomorrow from Kourou in French Guiana after it was deferred due to inclement weather at the launch base, ISRO said today.
“Launch is rescheduled on early morning of Dec 06, at 02:09 hrs (IST) from French Guiana,” Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said on its website.
ISRO had last night announced that due to inclement weather, the launch of GSAT-16 onboard Ariane 5 VA221 which was scheduled for 02.08 am today (IST) had been deferred to a later date.
GSAT-16 is designed to augment the national space capacity in communication services.
In the dual satellite mission, along with GSAT-16, DIRECTV-14, which was built by SSL (Space Systems/Loral) for operator DIRECTV to provide direct-to-home television broadcasts across the US, is also being launched.
With lift-off mass of 3,181 kg, GSAT-16 is configured to carry a total of 48 communication transponders, the largest number of transponders carried by a communication satellite developed by the ISRO so far.
Facing capacity crunch, ISRO has leased 95 transponders on foreign satellites mainly for the use of private TV broadcasters.
The satellite will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
GSAT-16, which would replace INSAT-3E, decommissioned prematurely in April, has a designated on orbit operational life of 12 years. It will be the 18th satellite to be launched by Arianespace for ISRO.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Best day for holiday deals Not necessarily Black FridayBest day for holiday deals? Not necessarily Black Friday
Black Friday
JIM WATSON, AFP/Getty Images
Shoppers in Queenstown, Md., looking for deals ahead of the Black Friday sales. Many retailers already have started promotions to keep moving inventory.
Shoppers in Queenstown, Md., looking for deals ahead of the Black Friday sales. Many retailers already have started promotions to keep moving inventory. (JIM WATSON, AFP/Getty Images)
Adobe Systems Inc.
Don't be limited to Black Friday (and Thanksgiving) for holiday savings.
Those who would rather choke on a wishbone than forgo pecan pie for Thanksgiving Day sales or venture into the Black Friday madness might be happy to hear that next weekend's deals may be just the tip of the iceberg.
"The 2014 holiday season is shaping up to be the most promotional holiday season on record," said Steve Barr, retail and consumer leader at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Though the pre-planned Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday deals offer steep discounts on select items, retailers adjust prices constantly through the season in response to demand and competition, and the frequent sales happening since the beginning of November suggest there's more to come, Barr said.
  Open link
"The early promotional activity is a very strong indicator of the retailer not achieving their sales objective and we would expect that to increase into the remainder of November and into the holidays," Barr said.
While several surveys, including the widely cited National Retail Federation report, say spending during the holiday months is expected to grow by 4 percent, Barr said a more nuanced economic picture is driving prices down. His company's holiday survey divided consumers into those making more than $50,000, who plan to spend an average of almost $1,000 on holiday shopping, and those making less than $50,000, who on average plan to spend less than $400. The latter represent 67 percent of shoppers, so retailers have to act aggressively to grab their limited dollars before they run out, Barr said.
For shoppers wanting to seize the best deals, when is the best time to shop?
8
In addition to Black Friday weekend, the final two weeks before Christmas are among the most promotional, Barr said, as retailers vie for the wallets of last-minute shoppers. Super Saturday, the Saturday before Christmas, also tends to offer steep discounts, said Pat Dermody, head of Chicago-based Retale, a location-based mobile circulars platform.
Several deal-tracking sites try to pinpoint the best days for savings more specifically, based on advertised promotions as well as discounts from prior years.
Savings.com, for example, analyzed 1.5 million deals from 25,000 retailers over the past five years and found that, historically, sales have peaked an average of six to seven days before Thanksgiving.
iPads, iPhone 6, Laptops, HDTV's, PS4, Smartwatches and more are now on sale at (HolidayShoppingMart,com)
Christina Romero
1
Projecting for 2014, the report said that while Black Friday is one of the best days for discounts on electronics, they are similarly discounted on the day before Thanksgiving. Discounts on toys are expected to be best on Wednesday, Dec. 8 and Dec. 19, and shoppers seeking apparel should wait for Dec. 1, the online deal day known as Cyber Monday, or Dec. 11 or 18. Books and novelties should have their best deals Dec. 15, 22 and 23, Savings.com said.
DealScience, which tracks past and current deals across 13,000 brands, predicts that this Dec. 18, while notable as Free Shipping Day (a shopping holiday when retailers offer free shipping guaranteed by Christmas), won't be tops for savings. The best time for shopping will be between Tuesday and Dec. 5, DealScience found, when the number of deals is more than double that of other weeks in November and December. Black Friday is reliably good for electronics and Cyber Monday typically good for apparel.
But waiting for Cyber Monday could backfire. According to Adobe Systems, which analyzed a trillion visits to 4,500 retail websites over the last six years, Thanksgiving Day will boast the lowest online prices, with an average discount of 24 percent. The company predicts out-of-stock messages to rise fivefold on Cyber Monday due to increased demand and limited supply, and online prices to increase the next day.
Predicting this season's savings based on past years is iffy, of course, as variable factors influence discounts. If a warm front mercifully descends on Chicago, for example, sweaters would likely go on sale, Barr said.
And each year looks different as Black Friday morphs into a week-long or month-long event. Many retailers started offering Black Friday-like discounts on Nov. 1 and launched their steep Thanksgiving weekend specials online as early as last week, promoting the offers as an alternative to standing in long lines.
"If retailers are good at anything, it's keeping us dazed and confused," said Doug Berg, "chief tracker" at the Minnesota-based price-tracking service TrackIf.
TrackIf is among many Web and mobile services that monitor price shifts to help people snag the best deals. Shoppers flag products they want and get an alert when the price drops (it also alerts customers when an item is back in stock). People can keep tracking an item once they've purchased it so that if the price drops again, they can seek a price correction from the retailer, Berg said.
Users also can see what the prices of the product were historically so they know how good of a deal they are getting. Price cuts can be misleading when compared to the suggested retail price, as many items are never listed at that price, Berg said.
For example, Target is promoting the popular Zoomer Dino toy for a holiday price of $79.99, down from the suggested retail price of $99.99, but TrackIf's technology found that the toy was priced at $79.99 through the summer and in October was at $89.99, making it less of a dramatic deal, Berg said.
How retailers will fare after such a promotional holiday, especially as shoppers arm themselves with data-crunching tools to maximize their discounts, remains to be seen.
To ensure profits don't take a severe hit, as they did for many retailers during the last holiday season, retailers will need to employ the data they collect on their shoppers to display desirable, higher-margin products that people will buy once they're lured in by the sales.
"The good retailers execute on this very well," Barr said. "For those that don't do this well, it will be a challenging holiday from an overall profitability strategy."

Right time to ring in the mobile wallet in India and Asia-PacificRight time to ring in the mobile wallet in India and Asia-Pacific
Jessu John
BIPIN PREET SINGH, Founder & CEO, MobiKwik
SANDEEP GHULE, Co-founder and CMO, TranServ
Start-ups must stay on top of trends without replicating each other’s offerings
Some months ago, Omlis, a mobile payment solutions provider revealed that while there were only 1.3 billion active credit and debit accounts across the world, there were 5 billion mobile phone accounts. Gartner had predicted earlier this year that mobile payment transactions worldwide would exceed $500 billion in 2014.
Other research in the space shows that developing markets are seeing a greater rate of increase in mobile payments than North America or West Europe. In the Asia-Pacific region, Japan and China are showing promise. Users in India are sending money to friends and relatives using their mobile wallets.
India horizon
Start-ups like TranServ become key to enabling the growth of convenient consumer payment mechanisms in India and the surrounding regions. Fronted by a team of senior executives with experience in the banking sector and the payments business, the company deals in the space of prepaid cards, mobile cards and gift cards. Its business model hinges on it being a platform provider and enabler. The company has built key partnerships with e-commerce players in the FMCG and automobile sectors and among financial inclusion companies.
“We offer turnkey solutions and cater to technology requirements, product propositioning, backend operations as well as customer service for many of our partners,” explains Sandeep Ghule, Co-founder and Chief Marketing Officer, TranServ.
The TranServ platform’s interoperability means that end consumers don’t have to own too many wallets. TranServ’s strategy will be to tap further into segments such as banks, insurance and venture fund firms as well as e-commerce players and retail companies, while keenly focusing on its potential SME customer base.
Ghule elaborates, “More and more of our partners in India want to leverage the possibilities of Internet and digital commerce. We’re aiming at capturing 10 per cent of the roughly 20,000 crore card transactions per month which is a mix of credit or debit or mobile wallet payments. We’ll aim to achieve this in 18-24 months. The way we see it, our competition is not other players, but really cash and cheque payments.”
Copycat kills growth
Bipin Preet Singh, Founder CEO of MobiKwik, set out with the vision to make it easy for every Indian to have a mobile wallet. This is pertinent considering the spurt in smartphone sales in India in the last few years. Singh is excited by the Indian market, considering it uniquely presents more mobile users than bank account holders. MobiKwik also has its eye on the larger South Asian region and West Asia after acquiring 8 million users in India. “Our solution takes the complexity out of mobile payments. All it takes is for the user to enter a mobile number, an OTP (one time password) and then make a payment.
We cover 2 lakh transactions a day. We’d like to get to 1 million transactions a day. We have about 5,000 merchants across India facilitating mobile payments. We will add merchants, of course, but the focus right now is to increase transaction volumes,” says Singh.
A Gartner Inc release in mid-2013 indicated that South Korea, Singapore and India will contribute to growth in global mobile transactions. It also forecast that Asia-Pacific will overtake Africa – the top region for mobile payments users – to reach $165 billion in transaction value in its forecast window of 2012-17.
The pie is there for the taking. But higher transaction volumes will be fuelled only as the deployment of required technology - Near Field Communications – spreads in many developing economies. What is important is that start-ups avoid feeding a glut of similar offerings like North America saw for a time. Differentiation while not missing the wave is the way to go.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Powai: Mumbais own start-up valleyPowai: Mumbai’s own start-up valley
N Ramakrishnan
Tweet
It has it all: a premier institution, VC firms, eager entrepreneurs...
Think of entrepreneurs and the ecosystem, there has to be a Valley connection to it. A premier engineering institution. Alumni who have started ventures, raised funds and grown their businesses. Venture capital firms that have funded a few of these successful entrepreneurs. Engineering graduates who are keen to work with start-ups. Entrepreneurs who are eager to build a brand around their area. What more can you ask?
If you still haven’t figured where this valley is, here is one last clue. The premier engineering institution is IIT Bombay. The advantage it has, apart from being an IIT, is that it is located in India’s commercial capital.
Hotbed-entrepreneurship
Well, the valley in question: Powai Valley. That is Mumbai’s own answer to Silicon Valley, that hotbed of entrepreneurship.
Zishaan Hayath, an alumnus of IIT-B and an entrepreneur himself, has even started an angel network, called Powai Lake Ventures. Its homepage is interesting. It says: “We are a bunch of people who love the Powai Lake in Mumbai. Some of us live on the southern bank of the lake and enjoy the view from our apartments every day. Many of us just hang out in the cafes around the lake, sipping a cold beer while soaking in the warm breeze. “We love to meet founders who build companies from their hostel rooms on the northern bank of the lake. When we like them, we fund them. That makes us the funders.
“We are founders too. And we have had our share of years in the hostel rooms on the northern bank,” he said
One of those ventures that was founded in a hostel room on the northern bank was Housing.com, a map-based real estate and property search portal. Advitiya Sharma, its 24-year-old founder, an aerospace engineering graduate from IIT-Bombay, thought of the idea for his venture when he and his classmates went house hunting in Mumbai, when they were in their last semester, as they prepared for a working life. Most of them were all set up to give up on their search for accommodation, when they hit up on the idea of their portal, which has raised four rounds of funding, including from Nexus, so far, and is supposed to be in talks with Softbank of Japan for fund-raise.
Zishaan, a civil engineering graduate of IIT-B, says Powai has much better infrastructure for entrepreneurs compared to other Mumbai suburbs. When graduates of IIT-B started ventures, they chose to be in Powai itself, because they were familiar with the area and they had a number of seniors to whom they could turn to for advice, living there. Powai Lake Ventures has funded 12 ventures so far, eight of them from IIT-B alumni.
According to Suvir Sujan of Nexus Venture Partners, a venture capital firm that has funded start-ups from IIT-B alumni, IIT Bombay gets the best of the students, among all the IITs. His reason for Powai Valley’s growing prominence – examples of alumni becoming entrepreneurs, easy availability of risk capital and a growing number of graduates turning down job offers and choosing to be entrepreneurs.
Interesting reason
Ajeet Khurana, CEO, Society for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at IIT-B, has an even more interesting reason for Powai Valley – the cafes in Powai. Go to either Aromas or Starbucks or Gloria Jeans, you will find entrepreneurs and VCs; the stage of the venture depends on which café you go to.
Harshvardhan Mandad, an IIT-B graduate in computer science and engineering and founder of TinyOwl, a location-based food ordering start-up, says the Powai ecosystem is really helpful. There are seniors to guide you and funds to back you, he says. There is also a positive effect on those studying in IIT.
(This article was published on December 1, 2014)
Related

Buy ONGC for a Target of Rs 460: IndiaNiveshYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Buy ONGC for a Target of Rs 460: IndiaNivesh
Published On:                  December  3, 2014                 | Duration: 18 min, 53 sec
Tweet
Daljeet Kohli, head of research at IndiaNivesh Securities, told NDTV that ONGC looks attractive as it is trading at half of the valuation of its international peers whereas efficiency-wise ONGC is at par with its international peers. New gas pricing formula will be the next trigger for the stock, he added.

The sad state of benefits for new moms on the jobBy Jena McGregor December 3 Follow @jenamcgregor
(photo by Dayna Smith/for the Washington Post).
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hear the case of Peggy Young , a UPS driver who sued her company under the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. After being advised by her doctor not to lift more than 20 pounds — when her job specified that she be able to lift 70 — UPS placed her on unpaid leave. (UPS has since changed its policy, but has maintained  it did nothing wrong.) After losing twice in lower courts in Maryland, Young's case is now before the Supreme Court.
Its decision could have a critical impact on expecting workers' rights. At issue is whether pregnant women should be provided with light-duty work, as other workers who are limited by job-related injuries or by other disabilities receive. The case could become one of the most significant in decades for women in the workforce. It's also a   reminder  that the state of benefits provided to new mothers on the job can be pretty disheartening.
Some two-thirds of women work during their pregnancy, up from less than half in the 1960s. And of those who do, the vast majority — nearly 82 percent — work into the last month before giving birth.
 
Yet despite these numbers, and despite a record  40 percent of women now being the breadwinners in their families, the picture isn't so rosy for U.S. women trying to mix family and work in this country.
That's especially true when compared with their peers in other developed economies. The United States is the only developed economy around the globe, and one of only two of the 185 countries studied worldwide by the International Labour Organization , that doesn't mandate paid leave for new mothers. (The other, in case you're wondering, is Papua New Guinea.)
The Family and Medical Leave Act  (FMLA) does require that U.S. companies grant 12 weeks of leave to full-time workers who meet several criteria , but it doesn't require that leave to be paid. And the federal requirement hardly covers everyone. One analysis found that just 55.6 percent of women working in the private sector were eligible for FMLA leave. The rest don't meet the qualifications , for example if they work part-time or for a smaller company.
A small handful of states , including California, New York and New Jersey, do mandate some paid maternity leave, but there is no federal requirement.
In most other developed economies , paid maternity leave comes out of social security or public funds, and often represents much of what a woman was making before she went out on leave. In Germany, for instance, women get 14 weeks of maternity leave, paid at 100 percent of their previous earnings. In tiny Luxembourg, it's 16 weeks.
 
Of course, many American companies do offer some form of paid maternity leave as a benefit — roughly 58 percent of them, according to the Families and Work Institute's 2014 National Study of Employers . Still, very few of those companies promise to pay women their full salary while they're gone, and even that small fraction is declining. In 2008, 16 percent of those companies that offer paid maternity leave promised to fully pay women their prior salaries while they were out; in 2014, that number is just 9 percent.
And remember: Even within those companies that offer paid leave, many employees may not be eligible to take it. When you combine that with the number of employees working at companies that don't offer it at all, plus the number of men who can't take paid paternity leave, the total number of Americans who can access such a benefit is extremely low. According to 2012  figures  from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, just 13 percent of full-time private industry workers — men and women — are able to receive paid family leave. That sinks to 4 percent for part-timers.
Of course, the leave benefits provided to women after they give birth are in some cases a secondary matter to those employees who feel discriminated against even before the baby arrives. Peggy Young is far from alone: In fiscal year 1997, pregnancy discrimination claims to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission numbered just over 3,900. By 2013, the number had grown to 5,342 .
Read also:

Mr. Modi must do the right thingUpdated: December 4, 2014 00:27 IST
Mr. Modi must do the right thing
political development
The remarks of Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, Union Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, at a public meeting in Delhi alluding to religious minorities as illegitimate children, were communal, provocative, and quite out of line for a person holding public office. Her apology was weak, and evidently made under duress, after Prime Minister Narendra Modi advised Bharatiya Janata Party Members of Parliament not to lose their demeanour and to exercise caution while making public statements. The “withdrawal” of the remarks , alongside the apology and expression of regret, did little to save the BJP from embarrassment as opposition parties were united in their protest demanding the Minister’s resignation. While senior Ministers, including Arun Jaitley, were quick to denounce the Sadhvi’s remarks, the damage had already been done. An apology, if it is to make any sense, must make the offending statement stand out as an aberration. But from the context of her speech it is evident the remarks were made neither casually nor in the heat of the moment during electioneering. The Sadhvi, who was inducted into the Council of Ministers in last month’s expansion, seemed blissfully unaware of the responsibilities and expectations that come with high public office. Evidently, she knew her own mind just as well as she knew her audience when she indulged in her communal rhetoric. That she needed to be asked to apologise is in itself indicative of the absence of any remorse on her part.
If the Prime Minister is indeed shocked at the Sadhvi’s choice of words, he should have said so explicitly instead of couching his reprimand in generalities. If he intended to get his no-nonsense message across to his Ministers and MPs, the right course for him would have been to drop Niranjan Jyoti from the Ministry. Criticising the actions without criticising the actor does not go far enough. Actually, the apology seems to have been offered to deflect the attacks of the opposition parties who were demanding her resignation. Niranjan Jyoti brings no particular expertise to the Ministry, and by adamantly refusing to drop her from the Ministry, Mr. Modi is indeed sending encouraging signals to the core Hindutva constituency that she was addressing while making the offensive remarks. The very fact that all the opposition parties , the Congress, the Left, the Samajwadi Party, the RJD and the Trinamool, have made common cause on this should make the BJP realise there is more to be lost in retaining the Sadhvi as a Minister. The best way for the Prime Minister to distance himself and his party from the Sadhvi’s remarks is to sack her without further loss of time. It is time decency prevailed over considerations of party loyalty.

World Cup 30 probablesprobable...    Cached
The Indian selectors announced a list of 30 probables for the 2015 Cricket World Cup, to be held in Australia and New Zealand next year. Big names such as Virender ...

MCFL Appoints Vijay Mallya s step-mother Ritu Mallya as DirectorSpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: Days after resignation of Vijay Mallaya from UB group firm MCFL, the fertiliser company on Thursday announced appointment of his step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect.
In a surprise move on December 1, Mr Mallya had resigned as director of the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is the target of a takeover battle between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL said, "... the company's Board of Directors has appointed Mrs Ritu Mallya as a Director of the Company with immediate effect."
Vijay Mallya had resigned within days of minority shareholders of United Spirits rejected as many as 9 of 12 resolutions, including some pertaining to pacts with entities connected to erstwhile promoter Vijay Mallya.
The UB group has been seeing continuous troubles on various fronts for the last couple of years, beginning with a major cash crunch and high debt at once-luxury airline Kingfisher, forcing it be grounded in October 2012.
The group, which is also engaged in legal tussle with lenders, later sold a controlling stake in its prized unit United Spirits to Diageo while some other assets were also divested in other businesses and two rival bidders came up from MCFL.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 16:53 (IST)

DDA Begins Scrutiny of  Housing Scheme 2014  Draw ResultsUp to 7 No Production Days a Month Till March: Mahindra
New Delhi: The Delhi Development Authority has started scrutinising applications in the recent draw of its housing scheme following allegations of discrepancies in the result.
The housing authority, however, said it would not delay the process of final allotment which is slated to start in the second week of this month, when DDA will hold a camp for the successful applicants.
After scrutiny, the successful applicants will be finally allotted the flats but in case any discrepancy is found in the application, the flat will go to the wait-listed candidate, its officials said.
The draw of lots for the flagship Housing Scheme 2014, deciding the fate of 10,08,985 applications, the highest in DDA history, was held on November 25.
The scheme offered 25,040 flats across categories ranging in price between Rs 7 lakh and Rs 1.2 crore. There are over 1000 applicants in the waiting list.
Among the successful allottees were found three applications having consecutive application numbers, but DDA has ruled out any foul play.
As per procedure, application numbers are fed into the computer which a fresh randomised number is allotted to every application.
In this case, consecutive numbers were 1145321, 1145322 and 1145323 whereas the randomised numbers given by computer were 759776, 613457 and 507478 for these applications. It is clear that the randomised numbers are quite far apart and are not consecutive, DDA said in a statement.
The DDA said that, "On the direction of vice-chairman, DDA, Balvinder Kumar, all original applications of all the applicants have been called from the banks and these will be scrutinised to find out whether there are mistakes in the punching of data or there are inadvertent mistakes done by the applicant himself or herself."
"The results of the draw are provisional as no documents were asked at the time of submission of application and the claims of applicants for reservation under various categories or otherwise were accepted as such," it said in a statement.
All applications were included in the draw whether there were multiple submissions from one person or family. The scrutiny of claims and documents will be done for the successful applicants, it said.
On preliminary scrutiny it has been found that in some cases, the successful allottees' names and father's names were the same even though there was difference in application numbers, addresses and PAN numbers.
Similarly in many cases, the application numbers are consecutive even though there is difference in addresses and application numbers, it said.
Other discrepancies include the list of war widows, wherein there are certain cases where the gender given is male even though the name is of a female and vice-versa.
DDA had initially set the tentative date for the draw as November 5, but postponed it to November 17. However, it failed to hold the draw on November 17 after trial runs were unable to wrap up the whole process within two hours.
The housing authority reportedly faced problems in dealing with the large number of application forms, numbering over 10 lakh.
The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), which had conducted the draw for DDA's last housing scheme in 2010, was again roped in this time for the exercise.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 15:22 (IST)

MNCs Make 487 Job Offers at IIT-M Campus InterviewIIT-Delhi Students Turn Down $125,000 Offers
Chennai: Multinational companies recruiting candidates at the ongoing placement season at Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, have offered 487 jobs to prospective candidates, which is comparatively higher than last year.
A total of 89 companies have so far participated in the campus interview and 487 offers were placed, which was comparatively higher than last year's offer of 315, a press release said.
Online home furnishing firm Urban Ladder recruited the highest number of 16 candidates followed by home grown automaker Tata Motors with seven.
Caterpillar India, Citrix Research and Development India, NetApp selected five, four and three candidates respectively.
Other companies that offered placements were Toshiba Corporation (one candidate), Tiger Analytics (five) and Futures First Info Services (four students).
The IIT-M placement season began early this week. The top offer was made by a foreign company with a package of Rs 80 lakh per year for a candidate. The interviews are expected to continue till this weekend.
Story first published on: December 04, 2014 15:29 (IST)

Jet Airways Announces Fares from Rs 1 220 on Select DestinationsYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Announces Fares from Rs 1,220 on Select Destinations
NDTV | Updated On: December 04, 2014 18:19 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
Jet Airways has announced promotional fares as low as Rs 1,220 on select routes. Jet Airways said its all-inclusive fares on Bengaluru-Chennai route starts from Rs 1,220. The offer is valid on travel between December 10, 2014 and March 31, 2015.
Jet Airways also announced promotional fares of about Rs 1,600 on Bengaluru-Goa, Lucknow-Delhi and Ahmedabad-Mumbai routes. These offers are valid on economy class travel.
Naresh Goyal-promoted Jet Airways from this Tuesday began to formally discontinue its low-cost arm JetLite by rolling out full service products on all flights across its domestic network.
"Jet Airways will offer a two-class, full service product with a complimentary dining experience onboard all domestic flights," it said in a statement.
Budget carrier AirAsia India is also offering promotional fares as low as Rs 1290 in a limited period offer. AirAsia India recently added Pune to its network. The travel period is valid between January 5, 2015, and April 30, 2015.
Many airlines have come up with promotional offers this year, helping to boost passenger traffic. Passengers carried by domestic airlines during January to October 2014 were 5.5 crore as against 5.07 crore during the corresponding period of previous year, a growth of 8.61 per cent.
 

Naidu outlines crop loan waiver norms  26.7 lakh to benefit in phase INaidu outlines crop loan waiver norms, 26.7 lakh to benefit in phase I
V Rishi Kumar
AP Chief Minister reiterated his Government resolve to make farming profitable by extending all necessary support.
Hyderabad, December 4:  
The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N Chandrababu Naidu has announced modalities for the massive Crop Debt Redemption Scheme in the State where 26.77 lakh beneficiaries would be covered in phase I.
Addressing a press conference, Naidu reiterated his Government resolve to make farming profitable again by extending all necessary Government support.
Naidu said, “The loan waiver was the most important poll promise made seeing the plight of farmers. And this was the first file I signed after assuming office as Chief Minister. In spite of starting the journey with a deficit of Rs 16,000 crore, and tough financial situation, the Government is committed to implementation of the loan reschedule.”
He said that loans for weavers, BCs and STs and women self help groups ware being worked out and soon a decision would be taken.
The list of beneficiaries for the phase I would be published on December 6 and the second phase by January 9-14. Outlining the details of the massive loan reschedule programme, he said the total relief amount per agriculture family is capped at Rs 1.5 lakh. Loan amount of each family with loan more than Rs 50,000 will be given full redemption as per norms.
Families with loan amounts of Rs 50,000 would be given 20 per cent redemption now and remaining 80 per cent adjusted on annual basis, over the next four years as per the norms. The Farmers Empowerment Corporation would take care of these loans. And families with loans taken for horticulture will be given relief of Rs 10,000 per acre.
As per the data collected, there are 82.66 lakh accounts and of this 40.43 lakh accounts have been cleared for waiver in Phase I. Outlining the norms adopted, he said that farmers need to have valid ration card and Aadhaar ID and where ration card is not available, Voter ID is taken into account.
The loan disbursement between April 1, 2007 and December 31, 2013 is covered. Only crop loans are eligible for waiver. Priority has been given to tenant over owner, when both have availed loan on the same survey number, in the same season. When more than one member of a family has availed loan, Rs 1.5 lakh will be apportioned.
The Government has set crop loans on priority, followed by converted crop loan and then gold loan. If loan is taken from more than one bank branch, priority would be accorded to bank with original pledged document.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Tamil Nadu CM defends Aavin milk price hikeTamil Nadu CM defends Aavin milk price hike
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 4:  
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, O Panneerselvam today defended the Tamil Nadu government's move to hike the price of Aavin milk and said that the rate has been fixed lesser than that of private players.
“Even today, the price of Aavin milk is lesser than that of private players,” Panneerselvam told the House replying to a calling attention motion moved by opposition parties on the increase in the price of Aavin milk.
Effective November 1, the price of Aavin milk was increased by Rs 10 taking it to Rs 34 a litre.
Political parties that condemn the hike in Aavin milk price offer an impractical solution, he said.
“They want hike in procurement price and at the same time do not want selling price to be increased and want the state to absorb the loss,” he said, adding that subsidy can be given only to the poor and not to the rich.
Alhough a large number of affluent sections of people consumed Aavin milk, it is not possible to distinguish the rich and poor consumers, he said and read out the names of prominent leaders including DMK chief Karunanidhi who bought Aavin milk.
“The members should ponder if the government should subsidise such rich consumers,” he said.
To ensure that the poor and middle classes are not affected by the hike, the price of Aavin milk has been fixed lesser than that of private players, he said.
He also cited the prevailing price of milk sold by State cooperatives in Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat (Rs 38 a litre in all three States) and that of private players to buttress his point that the price in Tamil Nadu was the lowest.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Steady as she slides for Brazilian realSteady as she slides for Brazilian real
Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c500c046-7bb8-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What is Gutenbergs true legacyDecember 4, 2014 2:08 pm
Was Gutenberg really the original tech disrupter?
By Alix Christie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c02793a-7a0c-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Business: Bitcoin 2.0Bitcoin 2.0 gives the dreamers focus — but only without the hype
Richard Waters
New version raises more disruptive possibilities than its predecessor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f53524de-7bca-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Platinum Guild launches bridal collectionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Platinum Guild launches bridal collection
Our Bureau
Dinesh Karthik and Dipika Pallikal at the launch of Evara on Thursday. BIJOY GHOSH
Chennai, December 4:  
Platinum jewellery does not have resale value; making charges are exorbitantly high and women in general do not like platinum… these are myths, according to Vaishali Banerjee, Country Manager (India), Platinum Guild International.
Banerjee, who was here to launch platinum bridal jewellery collection – Evara, said any hallmarked piece of platinum jewellery can be encashed at any store (that sells platinum jewellery) across the country, and making charges are not exorbitant as perceived by many. It is about 30 per cent more than that of comparable gold jewellery. “May be women don’t prefer platinum to gold, but they want platinum jewellery to be part of their collection,” she said. Quoting a consumer survey, she added that 85 per cent platinum consumers are in the age group of 18-30.
Accounting for 5 per cent of global demand, India is the fourth largest platinum jewellery market in the world, after China (69 per cent), Japan (10 per cent) and the US (7 per cent). In 2013, four tonnes of platinum jewellery were sold in India, registering 41 per cent growth over 2012, she said.
Platinum Guild, she said, is in the process of educating the trade on the metal, and creating awareness to demystify those myths. Without giving out any absolute figures, Banerjee said the guild would spend 40 per cent more this year to promote the metal through both below the line and above the line campaigns. Besides, the efforts will be on to more than double the number of retail outlets in the next two-three years from the current 800, by expanding the footprint to even tier II and tier III cities.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

If gold drops to $1 175-80/oz  buyIf gold drops to $1,175-80/oz, buy
Gnanasekaar T
Stop loss: $1,155; target: $1,228
December 4, 2014:  
Comex gold futures ruled lower on Thursday, as the dollar strengthened ahead of the non-farm payrolls on Friday. However, gold manages to hold above the $1,200 levels despite the strength in the dollar. Friday's data will help investors gauge the strength of the US economic recovery and how it would impact interest rates. Comex gold futures are moving in a tight range, post the huge volatile move on Monday. As cautioned, a direct fall below $1,160 could see the decline accelerate further towards $1,145 levels or even lower. The subsequent bounce from there to $1,220 has been impressive squeezing out shorts in the process. Ideally, from current levels prices are expected to grind higher towards $1,255-1,260 levels.
There are multiple support levels between $1,170 and $1,185. It looks like an intermediate bottom has been put in place, but a confirmation for that could be seen above $1,220 levels.
Such a move could see initial resistance at $1,255 followed by stronger resistance at $1,275-80 levels.
Expect a push higher while supports in the above mentioned zone hold. Any unexpected fall below $1,145 could revive bearish hopes. The wave counts have to be revisited again. The fall below $1,250 has forced us to abandon any bullish hopes and look at a bearish one targeting $1,050. We feel the current set of moves from $1,175 to $1,435 is a corrective wave four in an impulse which began from the high of $1,920, with an equality target at $1,020.
However, there are many intermediate levels from where good retracement can be seen. The $1,035-70 could prove to be a good intermediate support. Ideally, from this area, a pullback higher towards $1,300 looks likely.
If prices close above $1220 we can safely assume that the declining impulse has ended and a new corrective one has begun. RSI is in the neutral zone now indicating that it is neither oversold nor overbought.
The averages in MACD are about the cross over above the zero line of the indicator indicating a possible bullish reversal. A cross over again above the zero line could hint at hopes of a bullish revival.
Therefore, look to buy Comex gold initially on dips to $1,175-80. Peg stop loss at $1,155 targeting $1,228 initially followed by $1,255. Supports are at $1,185, $1,170 and $1,145 and resistances are at $1,220, $1,255 and $1275.
The writer is the Director of Commtrendz Research.There is risk of loss in trading.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sena will join Fadnavis govt todaySena will join Fadnavis govt today
Our Bureau
Courtesy call Accompanied by family members, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray (third from left) greets Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao at Raj Bhavan in Mumbai, on Thursday PTI
A file image of Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
BJP formalises deal with former ally
Mumbai, Dec 4:  
After more than two months of electoral rivalry and verbal attacks, Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena decided to join the Devendra Fadnavis-led BJP government in Maharashtra on Thursday.
In the new alliance, Sena will get five Cabinet and seven Minister of State berths. However, on Friday, only 10 Sena members will be administered oath of office. The remaining two are likely to join the government early next year.
The Sena had earlier bargained for at least 15 ministerial positions. It had also wanted the posts of Deputy Chief Minister and Home Minister. Fadnavis did not announce the portfolio at the time of going to press, but sources indicated that there is unlikely to be any Deputy CM.
By bringing Sena on board, the BJP-led government will get a clear majority of 184 in an Assembly of 288 seats. The party has 121 MLAs against the Sena’s 63. The NCP, with 41 MLAs, had announced external support to the government. With the addition of 10 new ministers, the total number will go up to 30.
“People of the State as well as party workers want both the parties to form an alliance and run the State government. Therefore we are giving in to their demand and forming an alliance government in the State,” the Chief Minister said at a press conference here.
He added that the two parties will jointly contest the elections for local bodies, such as Zillha Parishad and Municipal Councils, which are due shortly. “We will form a joint coordination committee for fighting such elections,” he said.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Checking emails too often can cause stressChecking emails too often can cause stress
PTI
The research found that people find it difficult to resist the temptation of checking their emails.
Toronto, Dec 4:  
Feeling stressed? You may be suffering from inbox burnout!
People feel less stressed when they check their emails less often, a new study has found.
The research also found that people find it difficult to resist the temptation of checking their emails.
Some of the study’s 124 adults — including students, financial analysts medical professionals and others — were instructed to limit checking email to three times daily for a week.
Others were told to check email as often as they could, which turned out to be about the same number of times that they normally checked their email prior to the study.
These instructions were then reversed for the participants during a subsequent week.
During the study period, participants also answered brief daily surveys, including information about their stress levels.
“Our findings showed that people felt less stressed when they checked their email less often,” said Kostadin Kushlev, the study’s lead author and a PhD candidate at The University of British Columbia (UBC)’s Department of Psychology.
However, changing inbox behaviour may be easier said than done, researchers said.
“Most participants in our study found it quite difficult to check their email only a few times a day,” said Kushlev.
“This is what makes our obvious-in-hindsight findings so striking: People find it difficult to resist the temptation of checking email, and yet resisting this temptation reduces their stress,” said Kushlev.
He noted that organisations may help reduce employee stress by encouraging their workers to check their email in chunks rather than constantly responding to messages.
The study was published in the journal Computers in Human Behaviour.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Sadhvi is sorry  so lets forgive her: PMStorm centre BJP MP Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti in New Delhi, on Thursday RV MOORTHY
Opposition in no mood to accept apology; demands her sacking
New Delhi, December 4:  
The standoff between the government and the Opposition over the communal remarks made by Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti continued for the third day in the Rajya Sabha despite a statement from Prime Minister Narendra Modi disapproving of such language.
The Centre rejected the Opposition’s suggestion that a resolution should be passed in both the Houses condemning Jyoti’s statements.
The Lok Sabha too, witnessed uproarious scenes over the incident with the Opposition walking out, demanding the Prime Minister’s statement.
While the government maintained that the issue is closed as the PM himself has made his position clear, the Opposition insisted that an FIR be lodged against the Minister for breaching the oath. The ruling BJP alleged that the Opposition was looking for a face-saver by not accepting her apology.
Face-saver
“We are not looking for a face-saver, instead the government is looking for a life-saver,” said CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury.
Earlier, Modi told the Rajya Sabha that he did not approve of such language from MPs. “I was informed about the statement which caused the controversy on the day the BJP Parliamentary Party was to meet. In the meeting, I strongly disapproved of the remarks and said we should avoid using such language,” he said in his brief remarks.
The Prime Minister, however, ruled out her resignation, and urged the Opposition to allow the House to run in the interest of the nation.
“Before this issue was raised in the House, I had put forth this matter before all our MPs.... The Minister is new, and she has come to Parliament for the first time. We are aware of her background. She has apologised. I believe that after her apology...this House has so many senior members with so much experience, they know what should be their feelings towards an apology,” Modi added.
He appealed to the elders that Jyoti’s apology be taken as a message so that in future leaders do not cross the limits of dignity. “I appeal to the House that we should work for the interest of the country,” he added.
Not satisfied with his statement, the Opposition urged Modi to sack Jyoti.
The House was disrupted again and was adjourned for an hour. When it re-convened at 12 noon, disruptions continued, with House Chairman Hamid Ansari terming the behaviour of the MPs as “utterly disgraceful.”
Meanwhile, informal discussions are taking place between the Centre and the Opposition to end the impasse. Yechury had suggested in a meeting of the leaders of all parties in the Chairman’s chamber that a resolution be passed in both Houses against such statements from political leaders.
“We were told the government will think on this and will get back to us on Friday,” Yechury said.
(This article was published on December 4, 2014)
Related

Kashmir army camp attackpersonnel-killed-in...    Cached
M ilitants on Friday struck in a big way two days ahead of the Prime Minister's visit to Jammu and Kashmir, storming an Army camp in Uri in Baramulla ...

Rahul Gandhi Parliament protestCongress vice president Rahul Gandhi was at the centre of a protest by his party against the ruling BJP government on Tuesday, accusing it of regular U-turns on ...
Also Try

Bal Thackeray will updatedhtml    Cached
Bal Thackeray Will Updated, A witness on Thursday stated before the Bombay High Court that Shiv Sena founder, the late Bal Thackeray had amended his will eight to ...
More search results

Computer Society of India golden jubilee fete to roll out from Hyderabad on December 12Updated: December 5, 2014 15:21 IST
Computer Society of India golden jubilee fete to roll out from Hyderabad on December 12
N. Ravi Kumar
universities and colleges
Computer Society of India (CSI), an association with over one lakh membership predominantly made up of IT industry professionals, will roll out, beginning December 12, nationwide programmes to celebrate its golden jubilee from Hyderabad.
An established destination for the IT industry and also home to leading education, research and development institutions, the Pearl city will play host to the 49 annual convention and student convention being organised as part of CSI@50 by the Hyderabad Chapter.
The highlight of CSI-2014 annual convention, the Chapter leaders said, will be an international conference on ‘Emerging ICT for Bridging Future.’ The three day event is being organised by the Chapter in association with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad and Defence Research Development Organisation.
Panel discussions on various topics, including e-governance, cloud computing, cyber security, smart cities and internet of things, digital Telangana and e-governance are to be conducted, CSI-2014 Organising Chair J.A.Chowdary and Convenor K.Mohan Raidu told presspersons here on Friday. Tutorials for students by academicians and IT industry professionals figure prominently in the programme, including on Big Data and the menace of plagiarism in research.
One of the objectives of the event is to help spread the word on the significance of re-skilling. Mr.Chowdary said re-skilling is essential for the employees and serve them immensely when lay offs as is the practice in the US become a norm in Indian IT industry too.
CSI vice-president (region 5) Raju L.Kanchibhotla said the dignitaries scheduled to address the convention, in which around 1,000 participants from 60 cities are expected to participate, include union ministers Ravi Shankar Prasad, Bandaru Dattatreya and Y.S.Chowdary and Telangana IT minister K.T.Rama Rao. Senior government officials and top executives of various IT firms would be addressing the programme, to be held at JNTU here.

Treasury listens to VAT fears of digital entrepreneursTreasury listens to VAT fears of digital entrepreneurs
Andrew Bounds, Enterprise Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65eca2c2-7bcd-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Online freedom declines in growing number of countries but India s position improvesDec 05, 2014 at 03:52pm IST
Online freedom declines in growing number of countries but India's position improves
41
0
Washington: Internet freedom suffered this year as a growing number of countries stepped up efforts to spy on users and censor online postings, a global survey showed Thursday.
The report by the non-government watchdog group Freedom House said online freedom declined in 36 of 65 countries surveyed.
In some cases, governments use revelations about surveillance by the US National Security Agency to justify efforts to boost their own monitoring of Internet users and to crack down on dissent.
Internet freedom suffered this year as a growing number of countries stepped up efforts to spy on users and censor online postings. ( Internet , via Shutterstock)
#internet freedom #online censorship #internet #freedom house
"Countries are adopting laws that legitimize existing repression and effectively criminalize online dissent," the report said.
"More people are being arrested for their Internet activity than ever before, online media outlets are increasingly pressured to censor themselves or face legal penalties, and private companies are facing new demands to comply with government requests for data or deletions."
The lowest score for Internet freedom was in Iran, followed closely by Syria, China, Cuba, Ethiopia and Uzbekistan.
Nineteen countries were rated "free," with the highest scores for Iceland and Estonia. Thirty-one countries were rated partly free and 19 "not free."
India score on the index improved from 47 in 2013 to 42 this year.
But a majority of countries saw declines in freedom.
Forty-one passed or proposed laws to criminalize or limit online speech or to expand surveillance between May 2013 and May 2014, the report said.
"Some countries are saying they need to store data within their own country because of NSA surveillance," said report author Sanja Kelly. "It is an alarming trend."
Since May 2013, the report said, arrests for online speech related to political activity were documented in 38 of the 65 countries, mainly in the Middle East and North Africa.
"Pressure on independent news websites, among the few unfettered sources of information in many countries, dramatically increased," said the report.
"Dozens of citizen journalists were attacked while reporting on the conflict in Syria and antigovernment protests in Egypt, Turkey and Ukraine.
"Other governments stepped up licensing and regulation for web platforms."
The largest declines in freedom online were in Russia and Turkey, with significant drops in Ukraine, Angola and Azerbaijan.
In Russia, the report cited multiple new laws to block online content and prosecute people for political dissent. In Turkey, Freedom House cited increased censorship, especially of social media.
US Representative Ed Royce, who heads the House Foreign Affairs Committee, praised the watchdog's efforts at a news conference unveiling the report.
"This is a daunting moment for Internet freedom," he said. "Online censorship is becoming much more prevalent... We must not let oppressive governments win.
94

M&M looks to regain market share in SUV category: Pawan GoenkaBusiness Line Pawan Goenka, Executive Director and President (Automotive & Farm Equipment Sectors) of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited at a media conference in Kolkata on Friday. - Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
Pawan Goenka
Kolkata, December 5:  
Mahindra and Mahindra is looking to regain its lost space in the SUV category through three new launches in 2015. While two of these will be in the compact SUV or sub-4 metre category, the remaining one will be in the light commercial vehicle category.
According to Pawan Goenka, Executive Director, Mahindra and Mahindra, the company had lost to competition in the compact SUV category. This saw it ceding market space. Quanto has been the only offering of the auto-maker in this sub-four metre category.
“We lost out to competition in the compact SUV category. The new launches will hopefully help us recover,” he told reporters during a media conference here in the city.
The company which had a 58-59 per cent market share in the SUV category some two years back in FY-13, now commands a 35-36 per cent market share in the category.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Sensex sheds 104 points; European shares rally ahead of US jobs dataSensex sheds 104 points; European shares rally ahead of US jobs data
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 5:  
Equity markets failed to hold on the early gains of the morning, with profit booking in the last half hour taking the Sensex down 104 points (0.37 per cent) to 28,458.10 and the Nifty down 26 points (0.3 per cent) to 8,538.30.
Mid-cap indices took a day-end beating, with the BSE index closing down 27 points (10,498.29) and the CNX mid-cap down nearly 69 points to 12,667.80.
All major sectoral indices also closed the last session of the week in the red, with FMCG and realty the only exceptions.
The biggest individual gainers on the NSE were DLF (up five per cent), Ambuja Cements (up over three per cent) and M&M (up 2.36 per cent). Dr Reddy’s (down 2.44 per cent), TechMahindra (2.42 per cent) and TCS (2.39 per cent) lost the most on Friday.
Volatility was pronounced on Friday, with the India Vix index down 3.98 per cent to 11.95.
Asian markets, on the other hand, ended the week on a high. Hang Seng moved up 170 points while the Shanghai Composite index was up nearly 40 points.
Global markets
European shares rebounded on Friday, recouping some of the sharp losses suffered in the previous session, as investors positioned for strong US jobs data which would underpin expectations about growth in the world's largest economy.
Asian shares drifted while the dollar marked time on Friday ahead of the key US jobs report later in the session that could help it retake ground lost to the euro overnight.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 per cent, on track for a weekly loss of 0.8 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei stock average slipped 0.2 per cent, but was on track for a weekly gain of more than 2 per cent.
Major Wall Street indexes inched down on Thursday, but the Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose to set a record intra-day high.
Brent crude slipped below $70 a barrel on Friday and was set for a second weekly fall, with Saudi Arabia cutting prices in another indication it would maintain output in an oversupplied market.
Gold was heading for its biggest weekly gain in nine months on Friday as a modest bounce in oil prices boosted the demand for the metal as an inflation-hedge, but investors were nervous ahead of a key US jobs report that could trigger sharp moves.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Investment Manager  Private Equity£Excellent, car allowance, benefits, excellent bonus
Further information
Our client is a leading independent private equity firm with c£1.2bn under management. The firm has a long track record of producing consistently high returns for its investors, investing in high-growth companies in the UK in the range £20m - £150m.
An Investment Manager is required to expand the team in Manchester with a remit to provide support in all matters associated with identifying, executing and monitoring private equity transactions. Specific duties may involve: 
Participating in investment origination
Researching, evaluating and assessing market sectors, business plans, companies and management teams
Preparing reports for the Investment Committee
Co-ordinating teams of advisors including investment bankers, lawyers and accountants; Challenging, testing and ensuring the integrity of financial models
Providing support in analysing, structuring, executing and monitoring investment transactions
Potential candidates will possess the following profile:
Graduate with strong academic background – qualified accountant and/or other relevant qualification (such as MBA or Corporate Finance qualification) would be preferred, but not essential
Financial or commercial background with some transactional experience, most likely gained in Lead Advisory, Corporate Recovery, Consulting or a Corporate role in industry
Excellent analytical and commercial skills, ideally (though not essential) with a well-developed local knowledge /network
You will be self-driven, results-oriented with a clear focus on quality and performance, as well as having an engaging personality with the ability to build strong relationships with intermediaries and portfolio companies.  The successful candidate will ideally possess an understated, yet confident character with consummate communication and presentational skills and the ability to evaluate opinions and to challenge and support arguments with reasoned logic.  This is an exceptional opportunity to further your career with a leading Private Equity House.
MDM Resourcing
MDM Resourcing, was established in Manchester in 1999 by Daniel and Michael Mesrie with a clear mission of delivering an outstanding value added service in the recruitment of qualified Accountants throughout the North West
Options

10 Sena MLAs become part of Fadnavis ministry  at last Updated: December 6, 2014 00:10 IST
Sena joins Fadnavis team
The Hindu
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with new Shiv Sena ministers in Mumbai on Friday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
The Hindu
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Shiv Sena party president Uddhav Thackeray at the swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai on Friday. Photo: Vivek Bendre Arrival Date: 05/12/2014
VIDEO
government
Ten of Sena’s MLAs were sworn in as ministers in the oath taking ceremony held at the State assembly premises.
Ending the two-month-old split with the Bharatiya Janata Party, the Shiv Sena on Friday formally joined the Maharashtra State government. Ten of Sena’s MLAs were sworn in as ministers in the oath taking ceremony held at the State assembly premises.
Sena’s Divakar Raote, Subhash Desai, Ramdas Kadam, Eknath Shinde and Dr. Dipak Sawant were sworn in as cabinet ministers. While Sanjay Rathod, DadaBhuse, Vijay Shivtare, Deepak Kesarkar and Ravindra Waikar took the oath as ministers of state.
BJP’s Girish Bapat, Girish Mahajan, Chandrashekhar Bawankule, Babanrao Lonikar and Rajkumar Badole were sworn in as the cabinet ministers at the first cabinet expansion of newly formed Devendra Fadnavis government. BJP’s Ram Shinde, Vijay Deshmukh, Amberishrao Atram, Ranjit Patil and Pravin Pote will be the new ministers of State.
The Sena will be given two more MoS portfolios in the next cabinet expansion in February.
Both Sena and the BJP had parted ways just before the Assembly elections following differences over seat sharing formula.
The last time the two parties ran an alliance government in Maharashtra was in 1995 but the Chief Minister then, Manohar Joshi, belonged to the Sena.
After a month of squabbling over the contours of inclusion in the government, the Sena, in a major climb down agreed to come on board without being granted its desired posts of Deputy CM and Home Minister. The names and portfolios of the Sena ministers will be finalized tonight.
Announcing the decision of a “Mahayuti government, at a joint-press conference, Mr. Fadnavis on Thursday had said that two parties have decided to run the government together keeping in view the mandate of the people.
“To honour the sentiment of the people who want to see the Sena and BJP work together for Maharashtra, we will come together as an alliance. The priority of both the parties is the development of Maharashtra,” Mr. Fadnavis said. The CM also clarified that there would be no deputy CM post in his government.
Though the two parties after failing to agree on seat-sharing chose to contest the assembly polls separately, the ties never broke completely.
Sena's representative in the Modi cabinet, Anant Geete, stayed on and the two parties continued to run the cash rich Mumbai civic body and several other municipalities in the state.
The bargaining strength of the Sena dwindled substantially after the NCP, which has 41 members in an Assembly of 288, extended unsolicited and unconditional support to the BJP government which was short of 23 members for a simple majority.
With the Sena on board, the CM can breathe easy as he faces the winter session of the Assembly beginning on December 8 at Nagpur.
The alliance will extend to the local civic and panchayat bodies as well, Mr. Fadnavis said. It could also pave a way forward for a new poll partnership in the crucial civic body elections in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation elections due in 2017. To hammer out the seat distribution modalities for the municipal and zila panchayat polls due next year, the CM said a fresh coordination committee would be constituted. “Principally, for now we have agreed that the alliance will be extended to those elections as well,” he said.
With a combined strength of 185 MLAs, (BJP 122 and Sena 63), the government looks stable and will no longer require the “outside” support of the NCP. However, the Sena’s reunion with the BJP comes at a huge cost to its image and it is essentially reduced to a junior partner in the alliance. Not only was it made to swallow its pride, its joining the BJP, sources say, was a desperate measure adopted by Uddhav Thackeray to prevent a rebellion within the party. In its bid to pressure the BJP, the Sena had laid claim to the post of the Leader of the Opposition (LoP) and its legislature party leader was recognised as the LoP. Now both the Congress which has 43 and the NCP with 41 have staked claim for the job.
The Sena leadership was forced to re-think its strategy as a faction of the Sena is opposed to staying in the opposition and many leaders had threatened to jump ship to the BJP. NCP Maharashtra chief questioned the pact between the BJP-Sena hinting that the two parties coming together was a result of a tacit “understanding” between them and not a sudden move.

Arsenal ponder resting Sanchez  Walcott yet to recoverBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 5, 2014 6:31 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 6:39 pm
With a hectic Christmas fixture list looming, Arsenal manager faces a dilemma over prize asset Alexis Sanchez.
The Chilean forward, a marquee summer signing from Barcelona, has been a shining light during Arsenal’s disappointing start to the season, scoring 14 goals in 22 appearances for the north London club.
Loathed to rest the 25-year-old as Arsenal continue to play catch-up in the Premier League, Wenger is also wary of burning out a player who has almost single-handedly kept his side in touching distance of the top four.
Arsenal face Stoke City on Saturday, a physically testing away fixture they have struggled in over the years, and assuming he is selected Sanchez will be playing his 28th game of the season for club and country.
“He is in the red zone, you can see that when he plays, but he can dig deep,” Wenger told reporters on Friday.
“I think he played his 27th game on Wednesday since the start of the season, if you consider the international games and the travelling on top of that.
“Unfortunately you never know how far you can push a player. We are not scientific enough to predict that completely, but he has a great recovery potential. He recovers very quickly, is always sharp and wants to play.”
Sanchez has already made himself a firm favourite with the Arsenal faithful and his late winner against Southampton on Wednesday underlined his importance to the club.
While full of praise for Sanchez, Wenger does not accept that Arsenal are a one-man show.
“On the goalscoring record, you can say (Alexis) is dominant, but in the game of course not. But in goalscoring, he is the dominant figure,” he said.
“He has a huge desire, no complex, and has a fighting attitude that means even when he misses something it doesn’t affect him. He’s very mobile, very determined and he has the sense to be in the right place in the box.”
Sanchez’s work ethic has impressed his team mates too.
“In training he doesn’t even want to do recovery days,” Theo Walcott said in the Daily Telegraph.
“That’s how much he loves football. All the guys have told him he needs to chill out because, at Christmas when all the fixtures come along, it’s going to catch up with you.
“He doesn’t care, he just wants to play and win. He’s a good leader, and something that we haven’t had in the Arsenal team before. He’s a dream to play with.”
Arsenal missing Walcott too
They be without Theo Walcott for Saturday’s Premier League trip to Stoke City as the England forward is still recovering from a thigh injury.
Walcott, who returned to make two brief substitute appearances in November after nearly a year out with a serious knee injury, hurt his thigh while on international duty.
“He has an injection today so he will not play. Galatasaray (in the Champions League) is continued…

United Opposition wants Sadhvi censuredNew Delhi, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 00:19 IST
Stalemate continues over Sadhvi’s remarks
National Bureau
Tweet
The Hindu
Minister of State for Food Processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti is mobbed by the media as she arrives at Parliament House on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
political development
The stalemate in Parliament over Union Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remarks continued on Friday as the government rejected the Opposition proposal to move a “Motion of Censure” in the Rajya Sabha.
Nine Opposition parties in the Rajya Sabha issued a joint statement stating that as their proposal had been rejected, the impasse in the House was “thus the creation of the government.” At the same time, the Opposition tweaked its demand and urged the government to accept a joint resolution in the Rajya Sabha condemning attempts to “outrage our Constitution by making inflammatory speeches aimed at dividing the syncretic, socio-cultural mosaic” of the country. The statement was issued soon after Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged the Lok Sabha to put the issue to rest as the Minister had apologised.

RGIIIs rise and fall  as told through vanity license plates— S Finn (@Finnman44) December 4, 2014
These men bought RGIII stock early, often before he had played a single NFL game. They reaped the rewards during a glorious 2012: laughs, thumbs-up, waves, cheers. Griffin mania was unchecked, and they were a part of it.
“I would text my brother and say ‘I am soooo popular’ — he knew that meant someone was taking a picture of the plate,” wrote Sara Carson of her RG3SKNS Pennsylvania plate. “One guy went crazy on the highway one day, and it caught my son and I off guard, but he was so excited about my plate.”
— S Carson (@SECSkinsfan) April 30, 2013
But now that the stock has plummeted and the mania has subsided, the cheers have been replaced by jokes and taunts.
“After that first year, people started laughing and pointing,” said Dan Rodriguez, who replaced his Virginia WWRG3D plates when he recently moved to Florida.
“You should hear how much [grief] I get at work — ‘you jinxed your team, you blew it, you shouldn’t have gotten that license plate,’ ” Costa said.
“I’m going to take it down — it’s just too shameful,” Grumbles said. “I’m upset, man. I just feel like I bought into this, and I got shorted, basically.”
That feeling is hardly universal. I communicated with 10 fans who had RGIII-inspired vanity plates this week; there are dozens and dozens more . Some feel like Griffin is a bust and their plates obsolete. Others insist the coaching staff and fan base has pulled the plug far too quickly, that the story isn’t yet over, that Griffin remains Washington’s best hope. Harding even said he hopes the quarterback finds a new team.
@dcsportsbog thank God I just moved to Florida and can get a Blake Bortles license plate pic.twitter.com/qMqrEZyIrm
— Dan Rodriguez (@BeerandBall) December 4, 2014
“I don’t think he is the problem; I think we are the problem, the Redskins organization,” he said. “The team is a cancer to him. … I’m buying his jersey no matter where he goes. He’s a really good dude, and I love rooting for the guy. I don’t understand why this town turned on him. We hated Albert Haynesworth for laying on the ground and not playing; why are we hating a guy who wants to play and play hard and play hurt? I don’t get it.”
“Hell yeah I still take pride in that license plate,” said Costa, a Southern California native who now lives near Cleveland. “I’m just praying to God that somehow the organization doesn’t give up on him, they stick with it and let him have another offseason of actually doing what he needs to do.”
“I still have faith in RG3,” added Ryan Petersen, who signed up for his HTTRG3 Virginia plates nearly a month before Griffin was drafted.
Regardless of how they feel about him now, these folks all knew their why in 2012, when they were navigating DMV Web sites. This was a franchise quarterback, something Washington hadn’t seen in 25 years. He was likable and fan-friendly, someone everyone adored. Plus his nickname could fit oh-so-easily onto a license plate.
“That season, everything was fun with the Skins,” said Tuan Nguyen, who reserved his pirate-inspired ARRRG3 Virginia plate before the Redskins even drafted Griffin.
“I got on the hype train,” Rodriguez said.
— Kevin Petersen (@KevinPetersen21) May 30, 2014
“The Redskins finally had a potential franchise quarterback,” Petersen wrote. “When the team was doing well, it felt really good. Everyone seemed really friendly, and it felt like the city was coming together.”
Now, of course, things are coming apart. Some of the vanity plate holders have had friends mockingly suggest they get Colt McCoy or Kirk Cousins license plates. Others have endured the glee of Cowboys and Eagles fans. Still others have admitted defeat. Nguyen got a new car and never transferred his ARRRG3 plates; they’re now souvenirs in his basement. Gonzalez has one of his plates hanging in his man cave, and offered the other to me. Steven Ellis is still using his RG3IUS Virginia plates on his Prius, but said they are probably destined for his garage. Carson took the RG3 SKNS plates off her car when it was vandalized.
“When I see the plate hanging in my Redskins basement,” she wrote, “I feel disappointment.”
And some of those who haven’t yet made a change suspect that day is approaching.
“It’ll definitely be coming down, probably before the coming draft,” Schwab said of his RG3RUNDC plates. “I still appreciate it and I still appreciate what he did for us for a year. I’ll never regret getting the license plate. But I wish I would have gotten a different jersey.”
— Steven Ellis (@_Stellis) January 15, 2014
In fact, no one that I talked to regretted their initial decision, and no one regretted the enthusiasm of 2012. For a few weeks there, Griffin was among the best quarterbacks in the world, the Redskins couldn’t be stopped, and everything really did seem swell.
“You know what, if you can’t have fun with your team, then what’s the point?” Costa asked.
“Even after everything that happened, I would still do it,” Rodriguez agreed. “You’ve got to ride the wave when it happens. It doesn’t come around all that often.”
“Obviously I was ahead of the curve when I ordered the plates,” joked Grumbles, one of many who signed up for RGIII plates before Griffin’s first pass. “I think we all had that sense of hope, so I don’t regret it. But I do regret renewing it.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Dollar jumps after sturdy US jobs reportStocks and dollar gain after US jobs data
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8f2d7e4-7c2d-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Grandparenting: the new rules© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8d4b6ec-7a74-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cruzs inconsistency betrays raging ambitionBy Jennifer Rubin December 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) has been a mixed bag on foreign policy, generally solid in opposing Russian aggression and on Iran’s nuclear program, but inconsistent — if not illogical — on Syria and fighting the Islamic State and terribly misguided in attempting to hamstring the National Security Agency.
Sen. Ted Cruz (Mandel Ngan/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
One issue on which Cruz has been coy is defense spending . At the Foreign Policy Initiative forum this week, he told the audience that “in all likelihood” we need to spend more on defense. He then dwelt on a puny $120 million unnecessary item for algae fuel studies and insisted that we needed to spend more of the defense budget on war-fighting than bureaucracy. He certainly seems to have a foot in both the green-eyeshade camp and the hawk camp, but on this issue he will need to definitively choose: Do we keep the sequester or not? How will he pay for that if he does not want to raise the top-line budget numbers? Really, it is quite astounding that at a time we are headed for the smallest Army, Navy and Air Force in modern times and are discharging soldiers, sailors and airmen at an alarming rate he should be fixated on a $120 million item in a budget of $585 billion.
What Cruz did not bring up was another misguided venture — his bipartisan effort (thankfully defeated) to take sexual assault investigations out of the chain of command. (Maybe he recalled that forum moderator Bill Kristol was a leading critic of interfering with the chain of command.) We wish Cruz would explain himself on that topic. Does he simply not believe the stream of current and past military commanders and defense experts, including Rep. Buck McKeon (R-Calif.), that such a measure would be damaging to military order, cohesion and discipline?
Likewise, when asked about his support for an NSA provision backed by the American Civil Liberties Union, Sen. Pat Leahy (D-Vt.) and other left-wingers that would have seriously impeded the NSA efforts, Cruz filibustered. He hopped and darted from topic to topic, raising the red herring that we gather too much data and therefore miss clues about attacks such as the Fort Hood episode and the Boston bombing. (Of course, these involve intercepting the content of messages, not metadata gathering.) Then he was on to the president’s record at the Supreme Court and abuse of domestic powers.
This is the sort of poor reasoning one would expect of Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). First, as an independent panel found, the NSA has not abused its powers. This has been a solution in pursuit of a problem since the sensationalist news reports surfaced. Moreover, it seems childish to disable national security because Cruz does not like one president’s domestic power grab. Like it or not, we will get bad presidents from time to time, but disabling intelligence-gathering is not the appropriate remedy.
Frankly, Cruz is smart enough to know better. Informed voters and certainly military experts and intelligence officials can tell he’s throwing up dirt in the air in lieu of a decent argument. In fact, there are protections within the existing NSA structure, and there was a far less draconian measure in the House. One comes away with the sneaking suspicion that Cruz was simply trying to keep pace with Paul in the search for libertarian votes. It is a race he should not run — not if he wants to be a serious figure on national security.
Cruz is erratic on some of these issues and frequently confounds hawks. Perhaps his calculus is so political that it interferes with sound judgment. Maybe he simply distrusts our military commanders and intelligence officials (who are frank that we need more boots on the ground to defeat the Islamic State, who defend the NSA vigorously and who warn about the dangers of disrupting the chain-of-command structure). Skepticism is healthy, but why should we trust the judgment of an ambitious freshman senator over, say, Gen. Michael Hayden on the NSA or Gen. Ray Odierno on the chain of command? What respectable military or national security figure thinks we can, as Cruz suggests, beat the Islamic State with only airpower? I have yet to find one, and his advisers have never been able to point to one either. When a smart man ignores respected experts like these and takes positions injurious to national security, you have to wonder whether his priorities are something other than national security.
Cruz, like Paul, has a knack for voting against things because they are imperfect and require compromise. That is an easy way to get perfect scores from right-wing groups and to claim ideological purity over rivals. But that’s not good enough when you are in the majority and have to fix things, and it certainly is not what we would expect of a commander in chief. Cruz touts his bipartisanship in passing small measures by 100-0 (e.g. a reward for one of the three Jewish teens murdered in Israel). But real leadership matters when you are the deciding vote or when not all your supporters agree.
One hopes that Cruz develops the courage to stop chasing the libertarian vote, the wisdom to find the best available solutions to serious problems and the humility to start listening to people who know much more than he does.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Berkeley warns on stamp duty reformsBerkeley warns of tax change effect on sales of expensive homes
Conor Sullivan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ab70856-7c74-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shiv Sena blasts Pakistan for helping Hafiz Saeed-ledJuDBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:08 pm
Terming Pakistan’s support for the two-day congregation of the Hafiz Saeed-led JuD in Lahore as a conspiracy to support the terrorists, the Shiv Sena on Friday said India will have to make its own plans for capturing the terrorist leader without any outside support.
“India should understand that Pakistan will not hand over Hafiz Saeed or his associates to us. If India wants to counter the terrorism, it will have to carve out its own strategy to finish off Saeed,” the party said in its editorial mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
According to the reports, Pakistan government ran two special trains to transport people to Lahore for the terror group’s congregation which started yesterday.
The Sena also said that Pakistan had no right to call itself a terrorist-hit country if it supported an internationally notorious terrorist like Saeed.
“Pakistan is the only country in the world where terrorists too have classes. Terrorists who do not cause harm to Pakistan are labelled as good terrorists and those who wage a war against the Pakistani army are killed,” the editorial in Saamana said.

Not a wilful defaulter  Kingfisher Airlines ...Not a wilful defaulter, Kingfisher Airlines tells UCO Bank
By PTI | 5 Dec, 2014, 08.56PM IST
0
Share More
Kingfisher Airlines has objected to being identified as a 'wilful defaulter' by state-run UCO Bank, which had sent a notice following non-repayment of a Rs 450 crore loan by the grounded carrier.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Kingfisher Airlines has objected to being identified as a 'wilful defaulter' by state-run UCO Bank, which had sent a notice following non-repayment of a Rs 450 crore loan by the grounded carrier.
"The airline has protested saying that it was not a 'wilful defaulter' as identified by the bank", a source in UCO Bank told PTI.
UCO Bank had sent a notice to the Vijay Mallya-led airline for not repaying a loan of Rs 450 crore which it took to meet working capital requirements with a corporate guarantee furnished by a group firm.
The bank had sent notices to both Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) and the guarantor.
About UCO Bank's future course of action in this regard, the source said that the bank would examine the arguments forwarded by the airline and would then send a reply.
"Another notice will follow after sending the reply to KFA", the source said.
According to RBI guidelines, a wilful defaulter tag would be given if it is found that a loan taken is diverted for some other use rather than for which it was availed, as well as the default is made in spite of having the ability to repay it.
Another city-based lender United Bank of India (UBI) had declared KFA as a `wilful defaulter', but the decision was challenged by the airline in the Calcutta High Court .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Terrorists target 4 towns in Kashmir before third phase of J&K elections  21 killedAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 05, 2014 at  09:43pm IST
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir witnessed a bloody and black Friday with terrorists stepping up attacks across the valley, just four days before polling is scheduled to be held for the third phase in the five-phased Legislative Assembly elections in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir, where a very high voter turnout was witnessed in the first two phases.
Eight Army personnel, including Lt Colonel Sankalp Kumar, three policemen and eight terrorists were among 21 persons killed in four attacks in Uri, Srinagar, Shopian and Tral despite the presence of large number of Army units,  paramilitary forces and state police, who are on high alert.
Eight Army personnel, three policemen and six foreign terrorists were killed in an encounter which ensued after a heavily armed "fidayeen" squad stormed into an Army fortification at Mohura in Uri in north Kashmir district of Baramulla, which is going to polls on December 9. Eight Army men, Lt Col Sankalp Kumar, Hav Subhash Chand and L/Nk Gurmail Singh of 24 Punjab, while Nk Panna Lal, GNR Manpreet Singh, DMT Kuldeep Kumar, GNR Satnam Singh and L/Nk Sukhwinder Singh of 31 Field Regiment lost their lives in the gun battle.
The attacks come just two days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Kashmir Valley to address rallies at Srinagar and Anantnag.
Official said a group of six terrorists stormed into the Army camp at Mohura in the border town of Uri after killing three police personnel, including an officer, by hurling hand grenades and resorting to indiscriminate firing in the wee hours on Friday.
They said the security forces were taken off guard as the area has never witnessed any violence since the eruption of militancy in the '90s.
Security forces also returned the fire ensuing in an encounter, which lasted for about 12 hours. All the six terrorists were killed while three soldiers of 24 Punjab and 5 of 31 Field Regiment were also killed in the encounter. Traffic on the Srinagar-Muzaffarabad, capital of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (POK), was stopped at Transit Camp because of firing.
Uri, which is around 100 km from Srinagar, despite being a border town and near the Line of Control (LoC), has never witnessed any terror attacks. But the area has witnessed various ceasefire violations from across the border.
In 2008 elections, Uri constituency recorded the highest 81.73 per cent voter turnout and going by the participation in election rallies, the polling percentage would have been high this time too. Congress Minister Taj Mohiuddin is seeking re-election for the third time from the constituency.
Meanwhile, two terrorists were killed in an encounter with security forces in Soura, which is just 5 km from Lal Chowk in Srinagar, where election will be held in the fourth phase on December 14.
In another incident, two civilians were killed and six others were injured in a grenade attack near a bus stand in Tral in Pulwama, which is going to polls on December 9.
A grenade was also thrown inside a police station in south Kashmir district of Shopian, which is also going to polls in the third phase. No injuries have been reported so far in the incident.
The attacks come just two days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Kashmir valley to address rallies at Srinagar and Anantnag. Modi has campaigned for his party candidates in Jammu region. However, this is the first time that he will address rallies in the valley.
Condemning the attacks in the valley, Modi said that they are desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope and goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout. "Attacks in J&K are condemnable. They are desperate attempts to derail the atmosphere of hope & goodwill as seen by increased voter turnout," Modi wrote on twitter.
"125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won't forget them," he added.
Meanwhile, reacting to the attacks Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said it once again shows the extent to which terrorists will go to disrupt peace and normalcy in the state. "JK Police & army are responding to the attack in Uri. Once again shows the desperate levels militants will go to disrupt peace & normalcy," Omar wrote on twitter.
"It's been a terrible day - 4 attacks & a number of deaths - security forces & innocent civilians killed in the valley today," he said.
Strongly condemning the attack in Uri, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) president Mehbooba Mufti said violence is a zero sum game which does not solve any problem but gives rise to more complexities. "Dialogue and reconciliation are the only options for making the headway in finding a solution," Mehbooba added.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Mamata to skip CMs meet called by CentreDec 05, 2014 at 08:05pm IST
Mamata to skip CMs meet called by Centre
34
0
New Delhi: After an exchange of virtual barbs with the BJP, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to give the chief ministers' meet called by the central government a miss.
Mamata will skip the meet scheduled to take place on Saturday in New Delhi to discuss internal security. She is likely to send state Finance Minister Amit Mitra as a representative to the meeting.
Mamata and BJP have been critical of each other for some time. She is apparently miffed with the Centre over CBI investigation into the Saradha scam. Meanwhile, BJP chief Amit Shah took the tensions between them a notch higher when he alleged that there was a connection between the Saradha scam and Burdwan blasts.
She is likely to send state Finance Minister Amit Mitra as a representative to the meeting.

The paradox of newsworthinessBy Andrew Gelman December 5 Follow @statmodeling
Mars One CEO Bas Lansdorp holds a news conference to announce the launch of astronaut selection for a Mars space mission project in New York in April 2013. (Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images)
Mark Palko shares a devastating takedown by Elmo Keep about the emptiness of Mars One, a marketing plan that is being advertised as a space program that is supposed to be sending colonists to Mars.
There’s too much in Keep’s story to copy all of it, but here’s an example:
Here’s what it says, for instance, about how they will actually get people there: “Mars One anticipates using SpaceX Falcon Heavy, an upgraded version of the Falcon 9, which is in use by SpaceX currently. The Falcon Heavy is slated to undergo test flights in 2014, granting ample time for fine-tuning prior to the Mars One missions.”
This summer, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket prototype broke apart over Texas after “an anomaly forced the destruction on the craft.”
Also Keep has an amusing story about how she got the runaround when trying to track down an unsourced, but much-repeated, claim, that 20,000 people signed up to apply to be future Mars astronauts. The short answer: no evidence.
But many journalists would rather report the hype. It is, after all, easier to hype than to investigate. And, perhaps, hype stories are more popular than investigative stories. (I don’t know about this, I haven’t seen data on the topic, but I’m sure it’s been studied by some scholars of communication.)
As an example, Palko points to a completely credulous story by Vibeke Venema on BBC world service. Wow! As a credulous American myself, I always thought of the BBC as a class act, so this sort of thing is disappointing.
Palko concludes:
The press likes to maintain the convenient fiction that it is “open to all voices.” This is an obviously absurd proposition – even though the Internet has greatly expanded what news organizations like the BBC can offer, they can still only cover a tiny fraction of the information and opinions out there – but it serves the purpose of absolving journalists and, more to the point, editors and publishers from taking responsibility for what they present to the public.
When something appears in a major news outlet, particularly when it is presented noncritically, that outlet is implicitly endorsing the story; it is, in effect, saying that this story is something important enough to spend time learning about.
This relates to the problem I have with gee-whiz puff pieces on speculative science, such as those notorious claims on ovulation and voting or whatever. I have no problem with journalists reporting these topics – after all, most political reporters won’t have the statistics background to evaluate these claims or the political science background to recognize their absurdity.
Or, perhaps I should say, won’t have the political science background, in the sense of having seen lots of past published studies, to realize that just because something’s published and statistically significant, it doesn’t mean it’s correct. Anyone can recognize the absurdity of some of these claims – indeed, they’re newsworthy in large part because they’re absurd – but perhaps some training is helpful to stop from being snowed by the technical mumbo-jumbo that goes with them, the p-values, the permutation tests, the Bayesian inference, the MRI machines and the randomization and the tables and graphs and all the rest.
There’s also a selection bias . When some wacky claim gets out there, some reporters are inclined to believe it (Hey – a new car engine that gets 250 mpg that’s being suppressed by the big boys in Detroit! Hey – a scientist who’s figured out the genetic basis for political parties! Hey – a rogue sociologist blah blah blah) and some are inclined to be skeptical. But then the selection comes in. Here’s what I wrote on this issue before:
Suppose you happen to be convinced that the article is worthless, and so you decide not to run the story. But somewhere else there is a reporter who swallows the press release, hook, line, and sinker. This other reporter would of course run a big story. Hence the selection bias that the stories that do get published are likely to repeat the hype. Which in turn gives a motivation for researchers and public relations people to do the hype in the first place. On the other hand, if you do run a skeptical story, then you’re continuing to give press for this silly study, giving it more attention that it doesn’t deserve (in my opinion).
This is a political science blog that appears on the Web site of a major newspaper. So issues of media representation are important to us. We talk sometimes about political bias in the media, and that is an important topic. Indeed, there are political angles to the reporting of space exploration. But I think a lot of media bias, at least when it comes to science and technology reporting, comes from the paradox of newsworthiness: Stories that are less likely to be true are more likely to be exciting and thus worth reporting.
Andrew Gelman is a professor of statistics and political science at Columbia University. His books include Bayesian Data Analysis; Teaching Statistics: A Bag of Tricks; and Red State, Blue State, Rich State, Poor State: Why Americans Vote the Way They Do.

Gurdaspur cataract surgery: Doctor arrested  NGObookedSome of the affected people in Amritsar. (Source: Express photo)
Ghuman (gurdaspur) |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:30 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 5:58 am
By: Chander Suta Dogra
With officials saying on Friday that at least 33 people had lost their eyesight after undergoing cataract surgeries organised by a charitable organisation at a hospital near Gurdaspur, preliminary official inquiries have pinned the blame on “gross negligence” by the doctor, the NGO and the medical facility.
The 33 were among 157 people who underwent surgeries at the Guru Nanak Multispeciality Hospital in Ghuman, around 25 km from Gurdaspur, that were conducted following three screening camps held from October 31 to November 4.
According to Dr Rakesh Gupta, state programme officer for National Programme for Control of Blindness, a series of norms were allegedly flouted during the surgeries:
* The 33 who lost their eyesight were part of 49 patients identified from the final screening camp held at Gagomahal village in Amritsar and brought to Ghuman. All were operated upon the same day by Dr Vivek Arora of Vidya Eye Care Centre in Jalandhar, who had done the screening, too, earlier that day. The rules state that a doctor can conduct only 25 cataract operations in a day.
* The facility did not have a theatre dedicated to eye operations, as is the norm. The operations were conducted at a general facility that was being used for all surgeries, including gynaecological procedures.
* The organisers did not take permission from the district administration before holding the camps. This, Dr Gupta said, would have ensured a mandatory check and certification of the facility by local health authorities.
One of the victims, in an Amritsar hospital on Friday. (RANA SIMRANJIT SINGH)
According to officials, Gurdaspur police have arrested Dr Arora and Manjeet Joshi — a philanthropist from Phagwara who got Mathura-based NGO SK Netra Chikitsalaya to organise the camps and surgeries — on charges of negligence and causing grevious injury.
Cases have also been registered against the Guru Nanak Multispeciality Hospital and the Chikitsalaya, and- a police team has gone to Mathura to question officials at the NGO.
Before his arrest, Joshi told The Indian Express that he had held three previous camps in the last few years in this region with funds donated by Punjabi NRIs for charitable purposes.
According to Baba Sukhdev Singh Bedi, who heads the hospital, complaints from patients who attended the camp started coming in around two weeks ago, following which Joshi had taken six of them to the PGI in Chandigarh for treatment.
Bedi and his son and managing director of the hospital, Sukhvinder Singh Bedi, said that their role in these camps and surgeries was limited to providing medical facilities, food and shelter to patients.
Deputy commissioner Gurdaspur, Dr Abhinav Trikha, told reporters that neither the hospital nor the NGO has given them all the records of the patients operated upon continued…

UK mom Rebecca Hudson raises cash for X-mas selling her breastmilkBy: Press Trust of India | London |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:20 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 9:21 pm
A 26-year-old British mother has raised 3,000 pounds to meet her Christmas expenses by selling her breast milk online, a media report said on Friday.
Rebecca Hudson said that when her daughter was born ten weeks ago she was not producing milk, but later it came in ‘bucket loads,’ the mum-of-four from Manchester said.
Appearing on a TV show on Friday, she said since her youngster was premature, she only required three ounces of milk, meaning Rebecca had an excess of milk, the Daily Mirror reported.
She said: “I didn’t want to pour it away because it takes a lot of work to produce breast milk.”
“So I thought, if I can make money for my children,” Rebecca was quoted by the paper as saying, “I don’t see the harm.”
She then went online and found there were other women in the US already selling their milk.
She has eight regular customers and sells the milk at 12.50 pounds a bottle.
More unusual customers include a bodybuilder who uses the milk for nutrition, food enthusiasts who cook with it, and people who it for sexual thrills, it said.
“What they do with milk is up to them, I’m not going to discriminate,” she said.
Rebecca said her friends and family members were surprised by how much money she had made.

Watch Orion spacecraft splash down into Pacific Ocean
Woodruff Arts Center to receive a $38 million grantBy Geoff Edgers December 5 Follow https://twitter.com/geoffedgers
In early October, Todd Skitch pickets to support Atlanta Symphony Orchestra musicians in front of Woodruff Arts Center in Atlanta. Skitch plays flute in the orchestra. The dispute was settled in early November. (Photo by Michael A. Schwarz for the Washington Post.)
Weeks after settling a nasty labor dispute with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the Woodruff Arts Center will receive a $38 million grant, the largest in its history, according to the ASO.
The money comes from the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation and will include almost $8 million for a players endowment fund. But the money does come with strings attached. The ASO and Woodruff Center must raise matching funds by the end of 2016.
“The $8 million will actually be distributed incrementally as the ASO and Woodruff Arts Center raises the matching funds, so we could technically get it in installments as we raise the money,” an ASO spokesman wrote.
Of the 2016 deadline, he added: “It’s important to note, though, that we’ve already had a very positive response from potential matching donors, so I feel confident that we’ll accrue the funds before that point.”
The Woodruff Foundation gift is key, as the number of players in the ASO was one of the main sticking points during the recent, two-month lockout. Music director Robert Spano said that cutting more permanent slots would make it hard for the ASO to maintain musical integrity. Woodruff Center management argued that the ASO, which has run a deficit for years, needed to make concessions, among them the size of the orchestra.
In the end, the ASO agreed to a deal that, among other changes, called for 77 musicians its first year, with goals of expanding slowly to 88 by the fourth year of the contract. In 2012, during another labor dispute, the ASO lost seven permanent positions, dropping from 95 players to 88.
Geoff Edgers joined the Washington Post staff as national arts reporter in 2014. Before that, he worked as an arts reporter at The Boston Globe.

Babri Masjid anniversary: Over 10 thousand security personnel guardingAyodhyaBy: Press Trust of India | Ayodhya |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:53 pm | Updated: December 6, 2014 11:08 am
On the eve of 22nd anniversary of Babri mosque demolition, the temple town has turned into a fortress with nearly 10,000 security personnel deployed amid calls by Muslim outfits to mark the day by hoisting black flags even as Hindu bodies seek to commemorate it.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in the city and mounted police will be among about 10,000 police and anti-riot personnel keeping a vigil.
The local administration has laid a three-tier security cordon around the twin cities of Ayodhya and Faizabad with officials of superintendent rank manning the key areas.
Two dozens CCTV cameras have also been installed across the Ayodhya city.
Muslim organisations have announced that it will be marked as a black day while appealing to the community to hoist black flags and observe a shutdown.
While the Hindu organisations, including Vishwa Hindu Parishad, has said it will observe it as “day of bravery victory”.
A flood company of PAC has been deployed in Saryu river for round the clock water patrolling to prevent any untoward incident that may happen through the river.
All the entry points of Ayodhya city have been sealed and entry is permitted only after complete security check.
Senior Superintendent of Police KB Singh said,”We are in regular touch with the responsible and peace- loving people of both the communities. The day of December 6 will be passed peacefully without any hindrance in the normal life of the twin town.”

Can they protect us from hacksWhat the Sony hacking scandal means for boards
Lucy Marcus
About the author
Lucy Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. You can follow Lucy on Twitter  @lucymarcus
Making friends: Boardroom edition
At every board meeting this month someone is bound to ask, either during the meeting or in a quiet aside, "Could we be the next Sony?"
They'll be referring to the fact that Sony Pictures was recently hacked , with thousands of documents and files purloined and put into the public domain.
People are still wading through the documents, but, so far, a great deal of company confidential information has been revealed, ranging from salaries and internal company presentations to detailed financial reports, passwords and even upcoming films.
Nothing focuses the collective mind of a board on a problem such as cybersecurity as having a high profile exemplar that scares them into asking tougher and more pointed questions.
I will be amongst those asking that "check on data security" be added to our agendas under the AOB (any other business) section of risk committee meetings and board meetings.
Several components of this recent event are alarming to board members.
First, it is the seeming ease with which the hackers entered the system. There are still questions around who is really behind the cyber-attack. Speculation ranges from state-sponsored hacking by North Korea over discontent surrounding an upcoming Sony Pictures film, The Interview (North Korea denied involvement), to hacktavists who may have had some sort of assistance from the inside. If it is an external hacker, that means that Sony Pictures hasn’t put in place sufficient deterrents to keep the company safe. If it is a group with inside assistance, that is even more alarming in some ways. Board members and executive teams will want to know how you can defend against that threat.
The second disquieting component is the sheer volume and type of documents that are being released into the public domain. All executive teams and boards worry when company confidential documents are made free for anyone to see. Thus far we’ve seen the documents being scrutinised for everything from salary disparities to medical records of employees at the company. This leaves the company open to an extraordinary amount of liability on many levels. The legal department will be busy for months, possibly even years, to come.
One thing is very clear: At a time when so much of business is based in the cloud, and every part of a company’s confidential details can be found there, companies need to be more vigilant than ever.
I’ve talked ad nauseam to fellow board members about cybersecurity as a priority on the agendas of today’s board room. Many are only just now beginning to understand how much companies depend upon this technology. The news of the Sony Pictures hack, and the fall-out that will come as a result, will do much to clarify this in stark terms. If board members didn’t understand the importance of cybersecurity before, they will certainly understand it now. Chief Information Officers and technology teams better buckle up — they are in for a bumpy couple of months of questioning.
Lucy P Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. Don’t miss another Above Board column by  subscribing here . You can also follow Lucy on Twitter @lucymarcus .
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
If board members didn’t understand the importance of cybersecurity before, they will certainly understand it now.

JTL Infra: Outcome of board meetingDec 05, 2014, 09.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JTL Infra: Outcome of board meeting
JTL Infra at its meeting held on December 05, 2014, has transacted the Accept the resignation tendered by Mr. Nitin Kumar from the post of an Company Secretary cum GM (Finance) of the Company. Further, Mr. Vijay Singla, Whole Time Director of the Company will be the Compliance Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JTL Infra: Outcome of board meeting
JTL Infra at its meeting held on December 05, 2014, has transacted the Accept the resignation tendered by Mr. Nitin Kumar from the post of an Company Secretary cum GM (Finance) of the Company. Further, Mr. Vijay Singla, Whole Time Director of the Company will be the Compliance Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
JTL Infra Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 05, 2014, has transacted the following:- Accept the resignation tendered by Mr. Nitin Kumar from the post of an Company Secretary cum GM (Finance) of the Company.Further, Mr. Vijay Singla, Whole Time Director of the Company will be the Compliance Officer of the Company till the appointment of a next Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

News360: Terrorists target 4 towns in Kashmir  21 killedHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India airlifts water to resolve national crisis in MaldivesDec 05, 2014 at  09:29pm IST
India airlifts water to resolve national crisis in Maldives
49
0
Male/New Delhi: With the Maldives facing a national crisis after a fire in its capital's lone water treatment plant, India on Friday sent nearly 200 tonnes of water by air and dispatched a naval vessel carrying a large consignment of water and RO facility to the island nation.
The enormous effort by India was undertaken after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj was called up by her Maldivian counterpart late on Thursday night. She then got in touch with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and got clearances from other authorities, Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said in New Delhi.
The Indian government has pressed into service five Indian Air Force transport aircraft and one Naval vessel carrying a large consignment of potable water to meet the immediate requirement of the people in Maldivian capital Male.
Maldives President steps down ahead of run-off polls
#india #maldives #male #narendra modi
The city, located on a low-lying island in the Indian Ocean, has no natural water source and entirely depends on treated sea water. A major fire broke out at the Male Water and Sewerage Company (MWSC) generator control panel on December 4, causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator to the Distillation plants, disconnecting water supply. The only water available in Male is stored in tanks and sumps and is being supplied for two hours daily.
Out of five aircraft, the first aircraft to reach Male was an IL-76 carrying 22 tonnes of potable water. A C-17 Globemaster III carrying 28 tonnes also reached Male on Friday afternoon. Another C-17 Globemaster III carrying 50 tonnes of water and two more IL-76 transport aircraft of IAF are also scheduled to leave New Delhi, an official statement by the Indian Defence Ministry said.
The Indian Navy has dispatched INS Sukanya to Male and it is expected to arrive Male later on Friday evening. INS Sukanya is carrying 35 tonnes of fresh water and has two Reverse Osmosis (RO) plants on board with have a capacity of producing 20 tonnes of fresh water per day.
INS Sukanya, an offshore patrol vessel, was on a routine patrol off Kochi. The ship was diverted to reach Male at the earliest to render necessary assistance and all the possible help to Maldivian authorities.
Akbaruddin said another ship has also been requested and it will leave Mumbai for Male on Saturday. "I understand that this will take quite some time, about a week to resolve. We have mounted an enormous effort in our assistance to provide a member of the SAARC and a closed partner of India in its hour of need," he said.
32

More Protests Scheduled in Wake of Eric Garner Grand Jury DecisionHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","description":"The exhibit features Magellanic penguins, some of which were rescued from Brazil where they were stranded outside their native habitat.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Underwater Penguin Swim Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Bull: Why Netflix shouldn t sweat it
Blackface tradition has no place in this centuryBy Karen Attiah December 5 Follow @KarenAttiah
Sinterklaas, or Saint Nicholas, and his sidekicks known as Zwarte Piet, or Black Pete, in Hoorn, northwestern Netherlands, in November 2013.
Two years ago, I was a freelance reporter on the island of Curacao, a former Dutch colony and a territory once key to the European slave trade in the New World. Within a few months, I began making friends, picking up some Dutch and Papiamento (the local, Creolized language) and absorbing a bit of the culture. Before arriving there, I had been aware of the Dutch holiday tradition of Sinterklaas (something like Santa Claus) and his mischievous helper-slave Zwarte Piet (or Black Pete). I knew that many white Dutch loved to dress up as Zwarte Piet by painting their faces black and their lips bright red and donning curly wigs. I thought I was ready to face this character, who is bumbling, mischievous and dimwitted, but nevertheless kind to children.
Nothing could have emotionally prepared me, however, for my first encounters with Zwarte Piet in the flesh.
From late November to early December, I felt as though I was in a colonial “Twilight Zone.” It was like having a front-row seat to a three-week-long minstrel show, with the capital city of Willemstad as the stage. Sure enough, people dressed themselves in brightly colored costumes, painted their faces black and their lips bright red and donned coarse-haired Afro-wigs. Zwarte Piet blackfaces were on the covers of chocolates, ice cream advertisements and gift-wrap packaging. There were Zwarte Piet specials at the mall. I was struck by how deeply embedded Zwarte Piet was in the Sinterklaas tradition and how integral that annual tradition was to what it meant to be Dutch. I found it hard to process the cruel irony that an island that was founded on the trafficking of African slave labor and that was 80 percent black also participated in the Zwarte Piet charade.
I became anxious about going out for those weeks. Blackface was everywhere. There is something especially humiliating to walk about in a world where my skin and hair could be someone’s “costume” for a day. (A Dutch man jokingly told me that my natural hair looked like Zwarte Piet’s. I didn’t find that funny at all.) It got to the point where I preferred to stay home. I wasn’t particularly inclined for social outings, especially when any questions I had about Zwarte Piet were met with defensiveness (“It’s just innocent children’s fun. Do you hate children?”), outright hostility (“It’s not our fault you have low self-esteem about being black”) or even name-calling (“Aren’t you being racist for saying Zwarte Piet is racist?). Frankly, it was a damaging experience. I couldn’t wait for Dec. 5 to arrive so that I wouldn’t have to see Zwarte Piet again. There wasn’t enough pepernoten or kruidnoten in the world that could have made me stomach this tradition.
A Zwarte Piet appears in a Sinterklaas parade in Willemstad, Curacao, in 2012. (Karen Attiah/The Washington Post)
While Curacao celebrated Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet, people from other former Dutch colonies, such as St. Martin, told me that those countries are less tolerant of Zwarte Piet because they are more influenced by the United States and surrounding islands. Curacao is a bit more isolated and in many ways is under a much stronger influence from the Netherlands in its political affairs and its educational system — despite its official status as an autonomous country. So I’m not surprised that the Sinterklaas tradition was so strong there. Colonial ties can be hard to shake.
Nevertheless, dear Nederlanders:Overt celebrations of blackface characters such as Zwarte Piet do not belong in the 21st century. Zwarte Piet, under the guise of entertainment, is a modern-day commodification of blackness as caricature, the mockery of blackness for profit and mirth. I stress profit, because Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet no doubt command big business every year in the Netherlands.
Zwarte Piet simply cannot be divorced from the historical participation of the Netherlands in the trafficking of black labor across the Atlantic. “But he is loved by the children,” Dutch people would tell me. And therein lies the danger: The Zwarte Piet celebrations reinforce, year after year, that to be loved and black in Dutch society is to be subordinate and inferior, an object of mockery.
The defense of Zwarte Piet as a Dutch children’s tradition ignores (perhaps willfully) that Zwarte Piet is a common Western stereotype of people of African descent, just like Sambo in the United States, or Hergé’s depictions of black people in “Tintin in the Congo,” during the time period when the end of slavery and the beginning of the European colonial project necessitated white European supremacy as justification. Zwarte Piet cannot be considered in a vacuum outside of this particular history, nor should the tradition be divorced from the context of inequalities that exist in former Dutch colonies or contemporary racism and xenophobia that persist in the Netherlands against people of color. Dutch politicians such as Geert Wilders engage in openly anti-immmigrant rhetoric.   Of the Netherlands’ 16 million people, people from the Caribbean comprise 0.9 percent, people from Suriname 2.1 percent, and Turkish and Moroccans a combined 4 percent. Up to half of respondents to a study from these communities report that they regularly face substantial discrimination in the Netherlands.
In recent years, more international attention and protests have put the Sinterklaas tradition in the spotlight. Last year, the United Nations sent Verene Shepherd to investigate the tradition. In a report to the Dutch government , she said that the “Black Pete segment of the Santa Claus tradition is experienced by African people and people of African descent as a living trace of past slavery and oppression.” She reminded the Dutch government of its obligations under U.N. conventions to respect the rights of minorities. The special team was met with harassment, threats and calls from politicians that they would rather that the Netherlands pull out of the U.N. than end the Black Pete tradition. A few weeks ago, 80 protesters were arrested in Gouda over the issue. Ninety-two percent of Dutch say that they don’t associate Zwarte Piet with slavery, and 91 percent oppose any changes to his appearance.
Do I believe that every person who celebrates the holiday is racist? Of course not. But traditions can be, if they were born during a time when people of color were relegated to being lower-class citizens and especially if they perpetuate that prejudice. Traditions can change, slowly. I do hope that one day the Netherlands will join the rest of the modern world and leave Zwarte Piet, a colorful relic of an overtly racist history, in the past where he belongs.
Karen Attiah is the Washington Post's Opinions Deputy Digital Editor. She previously reported for Associated Press while based in Curaçao.

Stink bug 2014: Did last winters hard freeze reduce the number of stink bugs (POLL)By Kevin Ambrose December 5
Frozen stink bugs during the cold and snowy winter of 2013-14. (Kevin Ambrose)
Did the extreme cold weather from last winter kill off a large number of stink bugs in the Washington area?  Are there fewer stink bugs inside your home this fall as a result of a last winter’s hard freeze?  Or, conversely, are the stink bugs that are currently crawling on your walls greater in number than last year?  We have a poll below for your input.
Last winter, arctic air intrusions, touted as the “ Polar Vortex ,” chilled much of the country.  In the Washington area, the temperature dropped to near zero and the sub-freezing temperatures persisted for days.  Some of us stink bug haters wondered if the prolonged, cold weather killed the overwintering stink bugs in our area.
By the end of last winter, there was hope that the stink bugs had suffered a hard freeze.  In February of 2014, Virginia Tech researchers found that within their test buckets of overwintering stink bugs, there was a 95 percent kill rate from the sustained, cold weather.  Most of the Virginia Tech stink bugs had frozen to death.
Fast forward to this December and the stink bugs that survived last winter have now found their overwintering locations.  Stink bugs prefer to spend the season under shingles, in attics, or in the walls of buildings. Often, however, the stink bugs stray inside of our homes, especially during warm spells of weather.
This season, did the dreaded stink bugs find their way inside of your home?  If you have a stink bug problem, are they fewer in number than last year, or are they greater in number?  Let us know.
 
A stink bug enters a house looking for a location to spend the winter.  This photo was taken in Oakton, Virginia on November 20, 2014.  Apparently, not all of the stink bugs froze to death last winter.   (Kevin Ambrose)
Related:

For Romes mafia  more refugees means more moneyBy Rick Noack December 5 Follow @rick_n
This handout video frame-grab released Dec. 3 by Italian police shows Salvatore Buzzi, a collaborator of Italian mobster Massimo Carminati, speaking on the phone with a subtitle reading "drug trafficking earns less." (Italian police via AFP/Getty Images)
Italy's mafia is renowned all over the world for its brutality and omnipresence in the south of the country. Judicial documents have now revealed surprising details about the organization's revenue sources in Rome. According to the Italian news agency ANSA , a mafia network run by Massimo Carminati — known in Italy as the "last king of Rome" — makes most of its revenue by extorting money destined for the country's Roma population and immigrants.
The documents explain how the mafia bribes officials to gain access to profitable public work contracts. According to Italian investigators, the mafia's network reached as far as into the mayor's office, where high-ranking officials were allegedly bribed with payouts of as much as $18,000 a pop. In return, mafia members won valuable contracts to manage the accommodation of refugees, the city's waste collection and even parks.
In an intercepted phone call, suspect Salvatore Buzzi was quoted saying that "drug trafficking earns less." Other evidence suggests that Rome's mafia has largely given up on trafficking in drugs and has instead embraced the more profitable "immigration business," according to investigators.
"We closed this year with turnover of  [$50 million], but ... our profits all came from the gypsies, the housing emergency and the immigrants," Buzzi reportedly  said in a phone call.
In this May 21, 2013, file photo, then-Rome Mayor Gianni Alemanno poses during a photo opportunity in Rome. (Andrew Medichini/AP)
On Dec. 3, 37 people were arrested for alleged mafia activities in Rome and  charged  with extortion, corruption, fraud, money laundering and embezzlement. When investigators searched suspects' apartments and offices, they seized items worth $247 million, according ANSA. Among those targeted was Gianni Alemanno, who was Rome's mayor from 2008 until last year, as well as Italo Walter, currently the city's anti-corruption chief. Alemanno was not arrested but was notified that an investigation against him had been launched.
The alleged corruption network could be much bigger than previously assumed. As of Tuesday, about 100 officials, business people or politicians were under investigation.
Traditionally, the mafia has made money by trafficking in drugs or demanding 'protection money' from restaurant or hotel owners. But last month, AFP  reported that the mafia in Sicily may be increasingly benefiting from the arrival of refugees. As hotels were turned into immigrant centers, state subsidies "caught the Mafia's eye." Aid organization Caritas warned that criminal groups could exploit the system.
Mario Michele Giarrusso, a Sicilian senator from the Five Star Movement political party, was quoted as saying: "The interest is to open as many as possible and keep the migrants there. The longer they keep them, the more money they bring in. ... It's a business all right. These migrants die in the Strait of Sicily just to bring millions of euros to the mafia."
According to the news agency, hotels that accommodate immigrants receive about $37.50 per immigrant each day. Given that there are currently more than 30,000 migrants in Italy, that means the business is more than $1.24 million a day, according to AFP . At least 32 hotels, schools or holiday resorts have been transformed in western Sicily's Trapani region alone.
Asylum seekers wait at the hotel Villa Mokarta, temporarily transformed in a center for immigrants, on Oct. 21 in Salemi, near Trapani in Sicily. (Gabriel Bouys/AFP via Getty Images)
Elsewhere, the presence of migrants has caused anger. In Rome, police had to intervene in November when local residents attacked  a center for young immigrants. Despite opposition, more centers are planned in Rome and surrounding areas in the near future.
The ongoing investigation is supposed to prevent Rome's mafia network from further abusing the country's immigration system as a revenue source.
Meanwhile, consumer rights groups have expressed outrage over the corruption scandal.
"The investigation into the 'Mafia capital' reveals a disgusting, horrifying situation which goes beyond even the darkest hypothesis," consumer rights groups Adusbef and Federconsumatori said  in a statement . They went on to describe the allegations as "a democracy emergency."
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at The Washington Post.

Why its a rare for someone like Ashton Carter to work in governmentComments
By Harold Pollack December 5
President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden applaud as Ashton Carter, Obama's nominee for defense secretary, speaks during the announcement, Friday, Dec. 5, 2014, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Harold Pollack is Helen Ross Professor at the School of Social Service Administration at the University of Chicago.
On Friday morning, President Obama nominated Ashton Carter to be the new secretary of defense.
I knew Carter long ago when I was in graduate school. I was twice his teaching assistant for a science policy class. He was a brilliant and gruff professor who attracted an eclectic mix of Harvard and MIT students. We haven’t had any particular occasion to cross paths in many years. But I am heartened to see someone of his background called forward to this position. Few are in Carter’s league for intellectual candle-power. A Rhodes Scholar with a doctorate in theoretical physics and expertise in medieval history, he checks the coveted meritocratic boxes. In some ways, he is a throwback to Richard Garwin and an earlier generation of physicists who have influenced security policy.
But these credentials are not what strike me as noteworthy in his potential appointment. Academic mandarins and business leaders have always contributed policy briefs, joined advisory committees, descended on Washington for brief periods to help craft public policies.
Carter chose to do something that few other academic stars have chosen to do. Since the early 1990s (with some breaks to return to academia), he has stuck around to actually accomplish important tasks . He did the work in multiple presidential administrations to run a monster procurement bureaucracy, to help nurture and then implement the Nunn-Lugar effort to dismantle Soviet-era nuclear weaponry, to provide better equipment to protect servicemen and women against roadside bombs.
When I look across the range of public health and social policies on which I have expertise, there are far too few people of this caliber and visibility who make such sustained contributions within government, as actual public managers. The head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Anthony Fauci comes to mind, and a few others. In too many cases, these outstanding figures are swimming against the tide.
As NYU scholar Paul Light relates in his sobering volume, A Government Ill-executed , much about Washington specifically conspires against attracting--and keeping--people with this sort of expertise. And over time, it has become correspondingly more difficult to operate and staff the federal government to accomplish important tasks.
To state the obvious, the nomination and confirmation process has become increasingly intrusive, acrimonious, and protracted. One nominee described the process as “ nasty and brutish without being short .” There has been a striking increase in filibusters . Counting recent cases such as Surgeon General nominee Vivek Murthy, about as many nominees have been filibustered under President Obama as in the entire prior history of the republic before then . Procedural delays have long-plagued the process.  Carter himself was given the full treatment, bleeding financially while his nomination was delayed and put on hold in the early days of the Clinton administration .
The problems go deeper, too. Paul Light was among the first to document a disturbing trend : Even among students who receive advanced training in public policy, an increasing percentage opt for positions in the private or nonprofit sectors rather than government.
Government pay-scales lag far behind the elite business world. More to the point, the pay lags increasingly far behind what people typically earn in most technical professions. The Congressional Budget Office reports that “ federal workers with a professional degree or doctorate earned about 23 percent less, on average, than their private sector counterparts .”
In my own field, the typical tenured professor might easily take a 50 percent pay cut to work in government. White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough earns an annual salary of $172,200 . (Of course most White House employees earn far less.) By comparison, a 2013 survey of full professors at my university indicates an average salary exceeding $200,000 . People at the very top of their fields are earning much more.
Washington remains enticing to take a visible and important short-term gig. It’s still enticing to people who don’t mind the large pay gap, or who can burnish their subsequent consulting and lobbying credentials with a public tour of duty. The value proposition is more dubious for people outside these worlds, who ponder taking a position further down the bureaucracy where much of the important work is done--and then to stay at it when other opportunities beckon.
There are other mediocre practices, too. The Obama administration—like every one before it-- awards important ambassadorships to campaign donors . Most of these donors are dedicated and public-spirited. But what message does this send to the actual experts and professional diplomats who spend decades mastering the complexities of foreign relations and the workings of other societies?
This is a terrible problem, particularly as the world becomes more complex and interconnected, as science and technology become more central in a global world, as the inevitable relative decline of American power creates new challenges and opportunities that require different forms of expertise.
Assuming that he is confirmed, Carter will have much to contend with in a tough outside world and a tough domestic political environment. I have no idea whether he will succeed. I have no idea whether I will even agree with him. I do know that he has earned the opportunity to try.

DGCA cracks whip on SpiceJetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

GSPC Gas cuts piped fuel price for industrial usersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

IIT Hyderabad launches online repository of research archivesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

What s Going On At USL Shouldn t Mallya Step DownThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Fly by Night CompaniesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Russia  India to ink 15-20 deals during Putin visitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Zinc update--- sold 139 hold for targetReposted about 10 days 12 hrs 20 min 34 sec ago by CHAK DE GURU
zinc update--- sold 139 hold for target
10.57 PM Dec 5th

If 8532 goes on nifty futs then 100 point dip 2 4o point dip third dip...181 Followers
Reposted about 10 days 5 hrs 49 min 7 sec ago by New Boarder
if 8532 goes on nifty futs then 100 point dip 2 4o point dip third dip will be 2.5 of that

Gold update ---- gold sold 26770 till now made low 26316 current price...2274 Followers
Reposted about 10 days 12 hrs 22 min 2 sec ago by CHAK DE GURU
gold update ---- gold sold 26770 till now made low 26316 current price 26366 dont book part profit we will book part profit near 25950 hold

Looks to test 300...310. now it is likely to keep going down till jan1...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Surge of deliveries brings gift of innovationChristmas demand shines light on driver shortage
Joel Lewin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b99df890-7bc2-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian Inflation: Murmansk Prostitutes Hike Rates
Made in America 2014: Holiday Gift GuideIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Expect street closures  traffic and crowds in downtown D.C. this eveningBy Robert Thomson December 4 Follow @RT_Thomson
Two separate events near each other in the heart of downtown Washington will put crowds on the streets and add to traffic congestion, particularly during the Thursday afternoon rush.
Many Metrobus routes will be detoured or delayed. Drivers who just want to get through the area should steer clear of the John A. Wilson Building (“A” on the map) on Pennsylvania Avenue and the Ellipse (“B” on the map) south of the White House. Here are the travel details for each event.
John A. Wilson Building
The body of former D.C. mayor Marion Barry will lie in repose at the Wilson Building until midnight in the first of three days of remembrance ceremonies. The Wilson Building is on the south side of Freedom Plaza, on Pennsylvania Avenue between 13th and 14th streets NW. See more from Mike DeBonis about plans for the memorials.
Metrorail is likely to be the easiest approach for those attending. The stations nearest to the Wilson Building are Federal Triangle and Metro Center. This page on the Parking Panda Web site can help drivers who want to find and reserve garage parking nearby.
The transit authority said it expects the activity around the Wilson Building to disrupt service on these Metrobus routes: 30N, 30S, 32, 33, 36, 37, 39, A9, D1, P17, P19, W13. See this page on Metro’s Web site for details on route changes and skipped stops.
The Ellipse
The annual lighting ceremony for the National Christmas Tree is set to begin at 4:30 p.m. on the Ellipse. The event usually lasts till about 7 p.m.
Several street closings for the event setup are scheduled to begin at 1 p.m. Thursday and continue till 10 p.m. The streets to be closed are 15th and 17th between Constitution Avenue and E Street NW. This alone would be enough to disrupt the evening rush hour, but those closings will be extended from 4 p.m. through the end of the ceremony. During those hours, 15th Street NW will be blocked to vehicles between New York and Constitution avenues, 17th Street NW will be blocked between Constitution Avenue and New York Avenue/State Place, and 18th Street NW will be closed to vehicles between D and E streets.
The diverted traffic will make congestion even worse than normal throughout the area near the White House and Ellipse.
The nearest Metrorail stations are McPherson Square, Farragut West, Metro Center and Federal Triangle. For paid parking options in the vicinity, check this page on Parking Panda . But remember that the closer you get to the Ellipse, the more likely you are to be caught in extra heavy rush hour traffic.
Metrobus delays because of the extra traffic can be widespread, affecting routes that link the District with Maryland and Virginia. The transit authority expects these routes will be subject to delays and unplanned detours: 3Y, 7Y, 11Y, 16X, 16Y, 30N, 30S, 32, 36, 37, 38B, 39, 42, 43, 52, 53, 54, 80, D1, D3, D5, D6, G8, H1, L1, N2, N3, N4, P6, P17, P19, S1, S2, S4, S9, W13, X1 and X2.
Routes H1, L1 and N3 will begin service at C and 18th streets NW. The X1 will begin service at the 10th Street terminal. Routes 11Y, G8, P17, P19, W13 and X2 will begin service at Franklin Square. Some S2 and S4 buses will turn back near Franklin Square. See more details about the disrupted schedules on Metro’s Web site.
The OmniRide commuter bus service plans to make these adjustments on Thursday afternoon: Beginning at 2 p.m., buses will pick up passengers only from the Franconia-Springfield Metro station for eastern Prince William County and at Tysons Corner Metro station for Manassas, Gainesville and Linton Hall. All the regular drop-off points will be served. Service from the Metro stations will continue until 7:30 p.m. except for Prince William and Manassas Metro Direct buses, which will continue operating until their last published departure time.
The Maryland Transit Administration advises its riders to expect significant delays through downtown, especially on routes near the White House and the Wilson Building.
Robert Thomson is The Washington Post’s “Dr. Gridlock.” He answers travelers’ questions, listens to their complaints and shares their pain on the roads, trains and buses in the Washington region.

Ulta s 3rd-quarter profit rises 30 percentSales at stores operating for at least 14 months grew 9.5 percent, fueled by both more transactions and larger purchases, the company said. Analysts had expected same-store sales growth of 7.4 percent, according to Consensus Metrix.
The same-store sales jump includes growth in e-commerce sales, which surged 46.7 percent.
The brand’s ULTAmate Rewards loyalty members, whose numbers grew 16.1 percent to 14.5 million, drove much of the same-store sales growth, the company said during an earnings conference call.
Ulta, which ended the quarter with 765 stores, earlier this year announced a five-year strategic plan that includes opening 100 new stores annually and growing e-commerce to represent 10 percent of sales. Currently, online sales account for 5 percent.
Edward Jones Brian Yarbrough praised Ulta for doing “an outstanding job” and posting some of the best same-store sales growth in the industry.
Better messaging, more targeted promotions, investments in training and the revamped loyalty program all have contributed to the retailer’s success, he said.
“They’re firing on all cylinders,” he said.
Ulta is testing several initiatives, including an advertising campaign and media partnerships to raise brand awareness, Dillon said during the call.
The company is also assessing higher staffing levels to see if customer satisfaction improves as employees have more time to interact with them, she said.
Two smaller-format stores, one in Utah and one in North Carolina, are in test mode to see if they make sense for certain small-town environments. The 5,000-square-foot stores, half the size of a typical Ulta, offer a curated assortment of products from every category and have full salon and dermatology services and brow bars. Customers can order items not carried in the store from an in-store iPad and have them delivered to their homes.
The company has gradually pulled back on discounting, which helped increase the average order value at stores, Dillon said. But she expects the cut-throat holiday season to be highly promotional as many customers continue to feel pressure on their budgets.
“The last couple of years we’ve been very promotional and we can expect that to continue,” Dillon said. “Everyone is going to be competing for that shared wallet during the holiday.”
Ulta plans to open a new distribution center in Greenwood, Ind., in the middle of 2015 and another in the South in 2016, which the company warned could make for “lumpy” earnings over those quarters.
Other investments in infrastructure and systems improvements, such as supply chain and point of sale, also are moderating what could be even higher earnings growth.
The company raised its outlook for the year due to its strong performance over several quarters and says it expects to achieve same-store sales growth of 8 to 9 percent in fiscal 2014.
Ulta’s stock was up more than $7, or 5.7 percent, in after hours trading to $133.

Why are so many recalled cars still on the roadWhy are so many recalled cars still on the road?
Another recall
Dana Summers / Tribune Content Agency
Dana Summers / Tribune Content Agency
By Drew Harwell, The Washington Post, Washington Post
Record recalls have outpaced near-record car sales by more than 3 times, indicating a broken recall system.
With so many recalls, why are so many ignored? Recall fatigue, lack of replacement parts, contradictory info.
It's the worst year for auto recalls in U.S. history, with more than one in five cars and trucks at risk of sometimes critical, deadly defects. But the disjointed recall system patched together by automakers and regulators is leaving millions of broken vehicles still on the road.
GM crisis spotlights challenging search for ways to reform industry, watchdog ( Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press )
Federal regulators this week urged the owners of 7.8 million Hondas, Toyotas, BMWs and other vehicles to "take immediate action" on a recall for malfunctioning airbags that blast out metal shards. The defect, tied to Japanese auto parts manufacturer Takata, has been linked to at least two deaths and dozens of injuries.
Those faulty cars and trucks have joined 50 million others recalled nationwide so far this year, more than three times the number of vehicles sold across the country in 2013. But car companies say there's a short supply of parts needed to fix those defects, and safety regulators can't even agree on how many vehicles have the dangerous flaws.
After landmark cases against General Motors and Toyota, automakers are running scared, and some are sounding the alarm over problems that may have once gone ignored. Safety advocates said that is all laying bare the fundamental weaknesses of the broken recall system: neglected warnings, crucial delays and confusing messages that leave even attentive drivers at risk.
8
John Kauffman Jr., 34, said he was driving on the interstate near Hagerstown, Maryland, at dusk on Saturday when his 2011 Chrysler 300 lost all power and began filling up with smoke. To stop, he had to wrestle the car across several lanes of heavy traffic, all while struggling to breathe.
On Monday, having read about a Chrysler recall connected to faulty alternators, Kauffman called the dealership, which told him to tow his car in. But after replacing the part, dealer technicians told him the recall was not yet official, and that he would have to pay the full $1,041 for the repair.
Chrysler spokesman Eric Mayne said that while the company had announced the recall of 470,000 cars and SUVs, it had not been officially launched and Chrysler would not begin notifying drivers until next month. Mayne declined to speak directly to Kauffman's case but said the company would reimburse owners who paid for repairs later blamed on a recall.
"If they know there's a possibility a car can shut down on the interstate, what are they waiting for? A fatality?," Kauffman said. "I told them, 'What if I couldn't get the car off the road? Do you care about that?' And their main thing was: 'Sorry for the inconvenience.'"
Why are so many recalls happening now? Advocates say the auto industry was spooked in March when federal prosecutors announced a $1.2 billion fine against Toyota , the largest criminal penalty for an automaker in the United States, over missteps in Toyota's recall of 10 million cars.
0
That has come alongside the even bigger recall of General Motors. The carmaker waited years to order recalls for millions of cars with faulty ignition switches, which in slipping out of place could disable air bags and cause the cars to stall.
But launching the recall is just the start. Drivers often find a whole series of hurdles that can block them from getting their car's defects fixed.
Nearly one-third of recall notices mailed to vehicle owners are ignored, according to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, and automakers have been criticized for obscuring how severe the problems can be.
Those defective cars can then spread widely to used car lots and the driveways of unsuspecting buyers. About 3.5 million recalled cars and trucks were listed for sale last year, according to Carfax.
"We're living in what we're now referring to as the year of the automotive recall, and unfortunately the population of drivers may become numb to that," said Mike Rozembajgier, a vice president of Stericycle, a recall consultant and service firm for automakers.
When buyers do respond, they may find that the dealers don't have parts ready for repairs. Honda said it lacks the parts to promptly fix its more than 5 million Accords, Civics, Odysseys and other cars it said this week were at risk of lethal airbags.
And the temporary fixes dealers might make before the needed parts come in can often seem woefully lacking, advocates said. Toyota dealerships will disable air bags and attach notes on the glove box warning against riding in the passenger seat.
The mess of confusing, contradictory information can often cause car owners to give up and ignore the problem.
Regulators have also struggled with even the basic elements of a recall. The Takata recall list that safety regulators shared on Monday was drastically incomplete: The number of defective vehicles has grown by more than 3 million in the days since, and some cars initially recalled weren't defective, after all.
Government websites with information on the recalls, including a search site drivers could use to look up whether their vehicle had problems (www.safercar.gov/vinlookup), were down all Tuesday, in the hours after news of the massive airbag recall had spread, and remained down Wednesday morning.
"If the government agency is confused," said Clarence Ditlow, an executive director for the Center for Auto Safety, a consumer group, "how can you not be confused?"
 

Gun Battle In Grozny Leaves At Least 19 DeadGun Battle Breaks Out In Grozny, Chechnya, Leaving At Least 19 Dead
 |  By                                                                      MUSA SADULAYEV
reddit
GROZNY, Russia (AP) -- Security forces in the capital of Russia's North Caucasus republic of Chechnya stormed two buildings, including a school, in fierce gun battles with militants early Thursday that left at least 19 dead, authorities said.
The fighting, which punctured the patina of stability ensured by years of heavy-handed rule by the Kremlin-appointed leader, erupted just hours before Russian President Vladimir Putin was to give his annual state of the nation address in Moscow.
In his address, Putin said he was confident that local Chechen forces were capable of dealing with the "rebels," who he suggested were receiving support from abroad.
The National Anti-Terrorist Committee said militants traveling in three cars entered the republic's capital, Grozny, at 1 a.m., killing three traffic police at a checkpoint, and then occupied the 10-story Press House in the center of the city. The federal agency said six gunmen were killed inside the building, which was gutted in a blazing fire that also spread to a nearby market.
More gunmen were later found in a nearby school and security forces were sent to "liquidate" them, the agency said.  No students or teachers were in the school when it was seized by the militants, RIA Novosti quoted vice principal Islam Dzhabrailov as saying.
Russian state television showed video footage of security officers firing automatic weapons and grenade launchers at the three-story school, its windows left shattered and charred.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov, who traveled to Moscow for Putin's address in the Kremlin, told journalists afterward that the security operation was completed and his forces had killed at least nine militants.
The National Anti-Terrorist Committee said 10 officers were killed and 28 wounded in the fight against the militants, who it said were from a known group operating in the North Caucasus.
Kadyrov said the militants were connected to Doku Umarov, a Chechen and longtime leader of Islamic militants in the North Caucasus who died last year.
Although unrest is common across the largely Muslim region in southern Russia, forceful security measures adopted by Kadyrov spared Grozny significant violence for several years. The relative calm has allowed Putin to claim success in subduing the Islamic insurgency in Chechnya after years of war.
In October, however, a suicide bomber blew himself up outside a concert hall in Grozny, killing five policemen and wounding 12 others as the city celebrated Kadyrov's birthday.
Dmitry Trenin, who heads the Carnegie Moscow Center, wrote in a Twitter post that "the night attack in Grozny looks senseless, except as an attempt to embarrass Putin hours before his annual address to parliament." Putin already was under pressure to reassure Russians as fears grow over soaring inflation and a plummeting ruble.
Life News, a news outlet believed to have links to Russian security services, cited law enforcement officials as saying about 15 people seized three cars late Wednesday in the village of Shalazhi and drove to Grozny, some 50 kilometers (30 miles) away.
The Kavkaz Center website, a mouthpiece for Islamic militant groups operating in the North Caucasus, carried a link to a video message by an individual claiming responsibility for the attacks. The man in the video claimed to be operating under orders from Chechen Islamist leader Aslan Byutukayev, known to his followers as Emir Khamzat.
The video could not immediately be verified.
A few years after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Chechnya was plunged into a full-scale war when separatist rebels pursued independence for the republic. The violence was largely confined to that small republic, but rebels ventured into other parts of Russia.
A fragile peace settlement was reached with Moscow until 1999, when an insurgency movement increasingly inspired by radical Islamist ideas reignited the conflict. A military crackdown succeeded by years of aggressive rule by Kadyrov has quietened the region, pushing unrest to neighboring provinces.
Kadyrov has been widely denounced for human rights abuses, including allegations of killing opponents. He has also imposed some Islamic restrictions on the region, including mandatory headscarves for women in public.
In a message Thursday on his Instagram account, which Kadyrov uses to issue public statements, he boasted of running the operation at the Press House himself.
"Not one bandit managed to get out," he wrote.
Kadyrov posted a picture showing the lower half of an apparently dead gunman lying beside a rifle, but it was not immediately clear if it showed one of the presumed attackers.
_____
Nataliya Vasilyeva and Lynn Berry in Moscow contributed to this report.
More:

Report puts U.S. on track for best job growth in yearsBy Chico Harlan December 5 Follow @chicoharlan
A months-long hiring spree has pushed the U.S. labor market closer to full health, providing workers with their best chance since the financial crisis to find higher-paying jobs or enjoy see long-awaited wage increases.
On Friday, the government announced that the U.S. economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the best figure in nearly three years, keeping the country on track for the strongest annual job growth since the late 1990s. That performance, coming even as other advanced economies slump, has lifted hopes among economists and U.S. officials that a slow, six-year recovery is beginning to yield substantial benefits for ordinary workers.
Workers are not only reentering the labor force from the sidelines, data show, but also growing increasingly likely to have the to confidence to quit their jobs and move to better ones that pay more or more closely match their skills.  
“We are kind of hitting that point where the tide is turning, and the labor market is more in favor of the worker than it has been in many years,” said Tara Sinclair, chief economist at Indeed.com, a job search Web site.
For several years, the U.S. recovery has felt stubbornly incomplete: Jobs have come back while wages have stagnated. But the latest numbers came with nascent signs of wage growth, the result of qualified individuals reentering the workforce, putting pressure on companies to retain their best employees or bid for new applicants.
According to Labor Department data Friday, average hourly wages spiked 0.37 percent from October to November, the sharpest month-to-month change in more than a year.
If salaries continue to grow, economists say, Americans will be taking home more money even as they spend less as the pump, due to falling oil and gasoline prices. The potent combination wouldboost the amount of money Americans have to spend and provide a broader lift to the economy.
 Still, economists said it was far too early to declare that a robust wage recovery had begun. Over the course of a year, hourly earnings are still up only 2.1 percent, just a tick above the inflation rate, but weekly earnings provide a more encouraging sign. The average American last month took home $853.24 per month — a 2.4 percent increase from the $833.18 figure of a year earlier — partly because of working longer hours.
“One month does not make a trend, but I am encouraged,” Department of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez said Friday in an interview. “One of the best ways to lift wages is to pick up the pace of job creation, which is exactly what we’re doing. Because job creation will trigger more upward pressure on wages.”
Some economists said that November’s data has put the American economy in its best position in years. The unemployment rate remains at 5.8 percent, a post-recession low point. So far this year, the United States has added some 2.65 million jobs, an average of about 241,000 a month. For 10 straight months now, the economy has added at least 200,000 jobs. That hasn’t happened since 1994.
President Obama said on Friday that the United States has added more jobs over the last four years than Europe, Japan, and all other advanced countries combined. Other U.S. officials noted that job growth in November was driven by traditionally blue-collar or higher-skill sectors, a contrast to the low-wage boom earlier in the recovery.
In November, the business and professional services sector — accountants, engineers, administrators — added 86,000 jobs, tops among all industries. This year, the country has added about 15,000 manufacturing jobs per month, more than double the pace from 2013. Construction has added about 21,000 per month this year, compared with 13,000 per month in 2013.
“The labor market is healing faster than almost any analysts expected just a few months ago,” Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West, said Friday.
In one sign of labor market confidence, workers have grown more likely to quit their jobs, meaning they’ve either received new employment offers or feel confident they will. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, the “quit rate,” as it is known, now stands at 2.2 percent among private workers. From July 2008 to July 2014 the rate never surpassed 2 percent.
People grow likelier to leave their jobs when the broader economy is functioning well, and in recent months, some have taken positions they couldn’t find earlier in the recovery. Others have left jobs they disliked and reentered the hunt.
Some, like Daniel Ovalles, 25, have found new jobs they never even expected.
Ovalles, who has an engineering degree from Texas A&M, has the kind of story that would have sounded jarring a few years earlier: An opportunity literally landed in his LinkedIn inbox.
At the time he received the note, Ovalles was working a terrific job that was also a major grind. He spent his time in the remote Texas oilfields as a field engineer for Schlumberger, an oil services company.
Ovalles made $150,000 annually, but he was on the road so often that he didn’t even have an apartment. He’d bounce from job to job — Midland, Tex.; Laredo; Victoria — working 12-hour shifts, spending his down time in a mobile trailer he shared with three other employees.
The e-mail came from Murray Resources, a Houston-based staffing and recruiting agency that has doubled its own staff in the last year to keep pace with increased demand —  likely the result of a stronger overall economy combined with a domestic energy boom.
Murray contacted Ovalles on behalf of BC Johnson, a risk management consulting firm that specializes in the energy industry. Murray noticed Ovalles’ LinkedIn profile — his oil field work; his fluency in Spanish — and thought he’d be a good fit.
Ovalles, at first, didn’t pay the inquiry any attention. Then he spent three more weeks in the field.
“That’s when you start going crazy,” he said. “So I looked at it again.”
He put in his two-weeks’ notice and thanked Schlumberger for the opportunity.
Now, in his new job, which he started in October, Ovalles works from 8 a.m. until 4 p.m. He has a 15-minute commute from his apartment. His salary is slightly reduced, but he feels he traded up, taking an opportunity that might not have been available several years earlier.
“You have to have that life balance,” he said, “and in my old job I didn’t.”
 

Stable currency  IT services push to improve Ricoh s profitsStable currency, IT services push to improve Ricoh's profits
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 05, 2014 08:48 PM IST
Tokyo-headquartered Ricoh Company Ltd's Indian subsidiary is hopeful of posting better profits this fiscal supported by a stable rupee-dollar rate and a strong push into IT services. The company is into imaging, IT services and communications.
“With the dollar stabilising against the rupee in the last one year or so, we see improvement in profits in the current fiscal,” said Manoj Kumar, executive vice president and CEO of Ricoh India Ltd.
Ricoh India is also confident of registering a 50 per cent growth in topline in the current fiscal, in line with what it was doing in the last three financial years, he said. It expects revenues to grow to around Rs 1,500 crore as against Rs 1,047 crore in the fiscal ending 2013-14.
According to Kumar, in the financial years preceding the 2013-14 fiscal, the appreciation of dollar against the local currency had led to higher import costs for several products, affecting its profits. “Dollar rise affects our bottomline tremendously. One key reason why our profits have been under pressure for the last two years (2011-13) was due to the rise in dollar that has led to a rise in import costs,” he said.
Led by increased demand for IT services in the country, the company expects its contribution to the total turnover to rise from the previous fiscal’s 45 per cent to 55-60 per cent in the current fiscal. “We have been able to spread our risk from higher import costs with the introduction of IT services,” he said.
It recently was selected for a joint five-year Rs 1,370-crore India Post project to supply hardware solutions as a part of the latter’s modernisation initiative.
As part of its growth plans, Ricoh has plans to emerge as a strong IT services player and focus more on Tier II, III locations where the demand for IT, imaging and communication services is growing.

US smashes forecast with 321 000 new jobsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

High hopes for strong US jobs growthHigh hopes for strong US jobs growth
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/874a6878-7bd2-11e4-a7b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Factory Orders Drop 0.7 Percent in OctoberIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Yes  the American justice system is brokenBy James Downie December 5 Follow @jamescdownie
Police make arrests after protesters rallying against a grand jury’s decision not to indict the officer involved in Eric Garner’s death tried to block traffic on Thursday in New York. (Jason DeCrow/Associated Press)
In the wake of the non-indictments in the deaths-by-cop of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, the national conversation has been rightly filled with anger at the police, at the district attorneys and their bosses, at the U.S. criminal justice system, all the way up the ladder to President Obama. We are right to be filled with fury at just the latest example of systemic racism and woeful practices that remain far, far too common in 21st-century America. Yet one version of the argument says that these are not flaws in our justice system, but that this is the way our system is supposed to work and has been working since our founding. Such an argument is both historically inaccurate and politically counterproductive.
Here’s just one example :
The murders of Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Sean Bell, Amadou Diallo, Sam Shepherd, and countless thousands of others at the hands of American law enforcement are not aberrations, or betrayals, or departures. The acquittals of their killers are not mistakes. There is no virtuous innermost America, sullied or besmirched or shaded by these murders….Policing in America is not broken. The judicial system is not broken. American society is not broken. All are functioning perfectly, doing exactly what they have done since before some of this nation’s most prosperous slave-murdering robber-barons came together to consecrate into statehood the mechanisms of their barbarism. 
I suspect that those “slave-murdering robber-barons” would be surprised to learn that it was their intention to “consecrate” a justice system and society that now has a black president and a black attorney general, not to mention black chiefs of police in cities around the country.
I also suspect that the police officers of the late 1800s and early-to-mid 1900s wouldn’t recognize our justice system. They were used to one where 50 to 100 blacks were lynched every year, where officers could kill civilians and be lauded by their communities, and where police departments across the country routinely assisted whites during race riots.
To claim that this is the system, that nothing will change, ignores that police fatalities, while finally facing a measure of the universal outrage they should have sparked ages ago, have declined (if haltingly) over the past several decades. In 2012, for example, New York City police officers killed 16 people. That was at least one too many: The dead included an unarmed 18-year-old named Ramarley Graham . But it is also an 83 percent decline from 1971 , when NYPD officers killed 93 civilians. And where once many (though not all) of these incidents were openly celebrated by a majority of Americans, their perpetrators now try to hide their actions after the fact, even as civilians gain unprecedented tools for recording and broadcasting the truth. (Before the Garner video came out, for example, the original police report of his death did not mention the chokehold .)
If this were the way the American justice system was supposed to work, then how do we explain the changes over the decades? The fact is that it is easier to say “there is no hope” (or “everything is fine”) and stay home than to recognize that we are still in the midst of a long, long battle for progress, and the victories come only during the times when a majority of the people put their shoulders to the wheel. Just because racism didn’t magically die with Obama’s presidency doesn’t mean that his win is part of “business as usual.”
These are small victories, and they only barely outweigh the defeats, but they are victories nonetheless. I am reminded of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.’s final speech, in which he explained why, given the choice to live anywhere in human history, he would want to live in his present time.
And another reason that I’m happy to live in this period is that we have been forced to a point where we are going to have to grapple with the problems that men have been trying to grapple with through history, but the demands didn’t force them to do it. Survival demands that we grapple with them. Men, for years now, have been talking about war and peace. But now, no longer can they just talk about it.
You may well throw up your hands and say, “But that was nearly 50 years ago. If we’re still ‘grappling’ with them, why not believe this is the way things are supposed to be?” Yet consider how long it took us to reach this point in history — thousands of years of blood and tears, of martyrs and defeats. Perhaps the cruelest truth of progress is that it almost always moves too slowly for any one of us. But that doesn’t mean people — especially those who aren’t directly affected by the system’s failures – should stop pushing the cart of progress down the tracks. This is our era, and we’re stuck with it.
James Downie is The Washington Post’s Digital Opinions Editor. He previously wrote for The New Republic and Foreign Policy magazine.

Job creation surges as US brushes off global...Job creation surges as US brushes off global slowdown
By AFP | 5 Dec, 2014, 09.22PM IST
The US pumped out a huge 321,000 new jobs in November, brushing off a global economic slowdown with the best number in nearly three years, the Labor Department said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US pumped out a huge 321,000 new jobs in November, brushing off a global economic slowdown with the best number in nearly three years, the Labor Department said on Friday.
The surprise surge, some 90,000 jobs more than economists had predicted for the month, was broad-based, with job pickups in retail, office positions, construction and healthcare, and no particular help from government hiring.
Revisions to the two previous months added another 44,000 positions to the rolls of the employed, further attesting to resilience in the US economy even as China slows and Europe battles the threat of stagnation.
The unemployment rate, which is based on a separate set of Labor Department survey data than job creation, held steady at 5.8 per cent, the lowest level since July 2008, having shed 1.2 per centage points from a year ago.
"A strong report. Although unemployment was flat, the trend is clearly still down," said Jim O'Sullivan of High Frequency Economics in a client note.
But the data showed some persistent weakness in employment, too, more than five years after the end of the Great Recession.
Wage growth remained dull: while average hourly earnings jumped in the month, they were still up just 2.1 per cent year-on-year. And participation in the job market held at a 62.8 per cent, compared to more than 66 per cent in the years before the sharp 2008-2009 downturn.
That in part relates to the low pay offered by many of the jobs created -- 27 million jobs in hotels and restaurants, 37 million in health care services, 11 million in clothing stores, and 22 million temporary jobs.
It was also not clear how well the gains would hold, with at least some of the new jobs related to year-end hiring for the December holiday entertainment and gift-giving season.
But the data is adjusted to downplay the impact of the seasonal hiring surge, and so likely represents a solid jump in permanent hiring.
Moreover, there was an acceleration of job creation in higher-paid sectors, including construction, manufacturing, accounting services, transportation, and insurance -- all signs of more durable strength in the market.
Analysts said that as job creation strengthens, wages will have to post more gains, and indeed, workers' average hours showed a good increase in November.
Economist Harm Bandholz of UniCredit called the report "unequivocally strong."
"Temporary hires by retailers for the holiday season added to the strong employment number in November -- but were not the most important driver," he said.
"Instead, the acceleration in job gains was broad-based and affected almost every goods-producing as well service-providing industry....We expect that the diminishing slack in the labor market will continue to put upward pressure on wages."
Analysts said the strong numbers raise the chance that the Federal Reserve could accelerate plans to begin raising interest rates, after holding the base fed funds rate at zero since the end of 2008.
"With job creation as strong as this and wages picking up, the economy looks increasingly able to withstand a modest tightening of policy," said Bandholz.
"On the other hand, the lack of any significant wage growth points to a benign inflation outlook, which in turn suggests there remains no immediate rush to hike rates."
US markets took the report as good news. Around a half hour into trade, the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average were both up about 0.2 per cent.

13 securitymen  6 militants killed in attack on Uri Army campUpdated: December 5, 2014 23:44 IST
Multiple attacks rock Kashmir Valley
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
The Hindu
Jawans take positions after a suicide attack on the Mohura Army camp in Uri, north Kashmir, on Friday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
Jawans take position inside a Army camp after a suicide attack by militants at Uri in Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
Jawans search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gun battle at Uri in Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
Jawans gather the bodies of slain militants after the suicide attack at an Army camp Uri, Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
Jawans keep watch near an Army camp which came under attack by militants at Uri in Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
Jawans take position after during an encounter with militants who launched a suicide attack on an Army camp in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
PTI
In this November 9, 2014 photo, policemen display a mortar shell in Kamalkot village following cross-border firing along Line of Control (LoC) in Uri area of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district.
TOPICS
security measures
11 security men, 8 militants killed in three incidents
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s election rally in Srinagar and Anantnag on Monday, four separate militant attacks rocked the Kashmir Valley on Friday.
In the most serious attack of the day, six militants stormed an Army camp at Uri, 20 km from the Line of Control, around 3 a.m. In the ensuing gun battle, eight Army soldiers, including a Lieutenant- Colonel, three Jammu and Kashmir policemen and all the six militants were killed.
This strike was followed by an encounter between the J&K Police and two militants at a mobile checkpoint in Ahmad Nagar on the outskirts of Srinagar around 1.15 p.m. Both the militants were killed; one of them was later identified as Qari Asrar, the district commander of the Lashkar-e-Taiba. The checkpoint had been set up in view of Mr. Modi’s forthcoming rally.
Soon after, two grenade attacks took place, the first in Shopian district around 1.30 p.m. and the other in Tral of Pulwama district around 2 p.m. In Tral, the grenade hurled at a bus stand killed two civilians and injured nine. There was no casualty in the Shopian blast.
Friday’s attacks took place in areas which are yet to go to the polls.
Mr. Modi condemned the terror attacks as “desperate attempts” to derail the atmosphere of hope created by the increased voter turnout in the Assembly elections. “125 crore Indians bow to our brave Army men who sacrificed their lives. These men lived & died for the nation. We won’t forget them,” Mr. Modi tweeted.
“A group of heavily armed terrorists opened a heavy volume of fire with automatic weapons at an Army Camp in Mohura around 3 a.m. on Friday. Army troops from within the camp retaliated immediately and engaged the six terrorists and killed them,,” an Army spokesperson said.
All the militants involved in the attack on the Uri Army camp were foreigners dressed in Army uniform, the spokesperson said. They had sneaked in through the LoC in the past 24 hours and made their way through the dense forests to reach the Mohura camp.

Grain Higher and Livestock MixedIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

This is what a real recovery looks like: The economy added 321 000 jobs in November(Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images)
This is the jobs report we've been looking for.
Not only did the economy add  321,000 jobs in November, far better than the 230,000 expected, but it also added 44,000 more in revisions, and saw average hourly earnings increase 0.4 percent from the previous month. (Although the less optimistic spin is that, on an annual basis, earnings only ticked up from 2.0 to 2.1 percent).
But the good news didn't stop there. The average workweek, which is usually a pretty indicator of future demand, increased a little too, going from 34.5 to 34.6 hours. That's actually the highest it's been since 2008. About the only thing that could come close to qualifying as "bad," or at least "not-so-great" news was that, despite all this, the unemployment rate stayed flat at 5.8 percent—but that was for the good reason that labor force expanded by 119,000.
Source: St. Louis FRED
So it's pretty unambiguously good news all around: more jobs and maybe, just maybe, higher wages than expected. And if you're into arbitrary round number stats, this is a pretty good one: it's the tenth month in a row that the economy has added 200,000 jobs or more, the first time that's happened since 1995. And, as you can see below, it's been the best 12 months for job growth since early 2006, and the best calendar year for it since 1999. The question now is whether this kind of job growth, if it continues, will get the Federal Reserve to start raising  interest rates before they're expected to next June. And the answer, unfortunately, is: maybe? Labor slack, after all, is declining pretty fast. Part-time workers who want full-time jobs fell by 177,000 last month. And so did long-term unemployment by another 101,000. Add in the possibility of people getting raises, which, again, is still in the nascent stage at best, and it's clear that the economy is picking up speed.
But, as I said, it'd still be unfortunate to raise rates too soon, because there's still a pretty deep hole to dig out of. It's just that the hole we were in before was so cavernous that this seems normal-ish now. Remember, 2.1 percent wage inflation, which everyone is trumpeting as a sign of a real recovery, is still nothing. Wages were rising 3 to 4 percent before the bottom fell out in 2008.
So there's still a decent amount of slack left in the economy. But more than that, it'd be better to let the economy run a little hot for a little while than to snuff out the first thing resembling catchup growth. That's because the the only thing worse than zero interest rates is having to cut them back to zero again. Better to wait and have a little more inflation—especially when it's below target at 1.4 percent—than to get antsy and have too much unemployment.
It's only taken five years, but we finally know what we have: a real recovery, if we can keep it.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

http://usat.ly/1ywLstyFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
5 ex-Madoff employees face prison terms
Five former employees of Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff face the possibility of long prison terms at federal court sentencings scheduled to start Dec. 8.
Post to Facebook
5 ex-Madoff employees face prison terms Five former employees of Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff face the possibility of long prison terms at federal court sentencings scheduled to start Dec. 8. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1zWYfDM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
5 ex-Madoff employees face prison terms
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 6:41 p.m. EST December 4, 2014
File photo shows convicted Ponzi scheme architect Bernard Madoff leaving Manhattan federal court in New York City after a 2009 hearing.
(Photo: Mario Tama, Getty Images)
28 CONNECT 26 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Five former employees of Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff face the possibility of long prison terms at federal court sentencings scheduled to start on Monday.
The sentencings follow their criminal convictions in March on fraud and other charges that they knew about, aided and profited from the massive scam that stole an estimated $20 billion from thousands of average investors, charities, celebrities and others worldwide.
The group, the only Madoff-linked defendants to stand trial, consist of Daniel Bonventre, 67, Madoff's former operations manager; Annette Bongiorno, 66, the disgraced financier's longtime assistant; JoAnn Crupi, 53, who oversaw the investment firm's main bank account; and Jerome O'Hara, 51, and George Perez, 48, former Madoff computer programmers.
Capping a months-long Manhattan federal court trial in March, a jury of eight women and three men rejected defense lawyers' claims of innocence and found the five guilty on all charges in a 31-count indictment.
The scheduled sentencings are set to begin nearly six years to the day of Madoff's Dec. 11, 2008, surrender and admission that the uncannily steady investment gains he reported for decades was the product of a scam in which he used some clients' funds to pay others. Madoff, now 76, is serving a 150-year prison term after he waived his right to trial and pleaded guilty in 2009.
"Simply put, without Bonventre, Bongiorno, Crupi, O'Hara and Perez, Madoff's scheme could not have been a success," federal prosecutors argued in a July sentencing memorandum.
Verdict on 5 ex-Madoff employees: Guilty of fraud
Theoretically, the five could face the equivalent of life behind bars under federal sentencing guidelines. But those calculations are based on the fraud's record size and represent just one of several factors reviewed by U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain. She presided over the trial and is scheduled to impose sentences on the former co-workers.
The prosecution sentencing memo by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Matthew Schwartz, John Zach and Randall Jackson argued that that each of the five should receive "significantly greater" prison terms than the eight-year to 20-year sentences recommended by federal probation officials.
Lengthy sentences would "send a powerful message of deterrence and consistency to others and provide some measure of comfort, if not closure, to the victims of this crime," the prosecutors wrote.
Defense teams instead asked the judge for leniency — and submitted numerous testimonial letters by relatives and friends of the defendants.
Lawyers for Bonventre, O'Hara and Perez contended that home confinement and community service, or brief imprisonment, would constitute sufficient punishment. Bongiorno should receive no more than an eight-year to 10-year sentence, her attorney argued, while Crupi's lawyer urged less than the 14-year term recommended by probation officials.
Madoff gets 150-year sentence as victims applaud - USATODAY.com
"These defendants are not merely criminals, but human beings and fellow American citizens, deserving of an opportunity for rehabilitation. Even now, they are capable of useful lives, lived lawfully," argued Bonventre attorney Andrew Frisch, quoting a 2011 ruling by Brooklyn U.S. District Judge Jack Weinstein.
Along with the sentences, Taylor Swain is expected to decide how much of their assets the defendants should surrender in federal forfeiture actions. Prosecutors are seeking an estimated $100 billion in collective forfeiture — far more than the five ever received or still have after earlier government seizures. Defense lawyers have recommended far lower totals and asked for a stay to delay any forfeiture pending legal appeals.
The judge heard legal arguments on the issue in late October. She's expected to rule on when the defendants either knew or reasonably should have known Madoff's business was a scam — and base forfeiture rulings on those determinations.
28 CONNECT 26 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1zWYfDM
USA NOW
Suspected family murderer has been found dead | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

The Pizza Underground returns to the Black CatComments
By Catherine P. Lewis December 5
The name of the band certainly sounds a bit ridiculous, and the concept behind it is even more absurd: The Pizza Underground, which features Macaulay Culkin (the child star of the first two “ Home Alone ” movies), rewrites Velvet Underground and Lou Reed songs with pizza-themed lyrics. So instead of “Walk on the Wild Side,” the group plays “Take a Bite of the Wild Slice”; “Venus in Furs” becomes “Pizza, It Hurts”; and “Femme Fatale” is re-imagined as “Pizza Gal.”
Macaulay Culkin,Toby Goodshank (dressed as David Bowie) and Deenah Vollmer of the Pizza Underground performed at the Black Cat in March. (Kyle Gustafson / For The Washington Post)
Tribute bands with gimmicks are nothing new, and they range from the musically creative (Hayseed Dixie plays bluegrass versions of hard rock songs) to the visually striking (Mini Kiss features people with dwarfism in full Kiss makeup). There are even all-female groups paying tribute to such heavy bands as Judas Priest (Judas Priestess), Metallica (Misstallica) and Led Zepplin (Zepparella, Lez Zeppelin).
While the Pizza Underground’s concept seems half-baked, the band actually has some staying power. This will be the group’s second show in Washington this year; its March performance at the Black Cat sold out . But don’t expect complex musicianship onstage. The band embraces its art-rock gimmick: One member plays percussion on a pizza delivery box, while Culkin, now 34, dabbles in kazoo.
Kindred spirits: Steel Panther, "Home Alone," DiGiorno.
Show: With Har Mar Superstar, Toby Goodshank and the Candy Boys on Friday at the Black Cat. Doors open at 9 p.m. 202-667-4490. www.blackcatdc.com . $15.

Why a conservative  white evangelical leader keeps talking about racial reconciliation and justiceBy Abby Ohlheiser December 5 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Russell Moore, a white evangelical leader in the Southern Baptist Convention, was recording an audio segment this week when he heard about the Eric Garner grand jury decision . The news rendered him “literally speechless,” he said. Moore was stunned and didn’t know what to say. But his speechlessness didn’t last for long.
(Southern Baptist Convention via AP)
Just hours after Staten Island jurors declined to indict a white New York police officer for the July death of Garner, an African American, Moore released a statement that has become widely quoted, especially as both liberals and conservatives ( including other white evangelicals ) have  reacted critically to the grand jury’s decision.
“A government that can choke a man to death on video for selling cigarettes is not a government living up to a biblical definition of justice or any recognizable definition of justice,” Moore said. “We may not agree in this country on every particular case and situation, but it’s high time we start listening to our African American brothers and sisters in this country when they tell us they are experiencing a problem.”
Moore, who is white, is also preparing the Southern Baptists to take a closer look at those issues. “We were planning to have a national event on racial reconciliation issues in 2016,” Moore told The Post in an interview. After a “sleepless night” following the Garner verdict, Moore said that he and the other leaders of the organization are trying to make that conference happen much sooner. “We’re talking March. But we don’t know yet if we can pull that together.”
Moore is the president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention, the largest Protestant affiliation in the nation. And he’s increasingly making the SBC — a socially conservative faith group founded in 1845 by pro-slavery Southern whites — an effective but unlikely voice on issues of racial reconciliation, even as the denomination remains very traditional on other social issues .
That transformation owes a lot to two major leadership changes.
First, there’s Moore’s appointment last year to his new role, in which he has served as an energetic and effective spokesperson for the church. The convention also elected Fred J. Luter Jr. as its first black president in 2012. Luter served the maximum of two one-year terms as president before Ronnie Floyd succeeded him as president this year.
The change in tone represents a growing shift in the denomination’s members, even as its ranks — and those of other organized denominations — decline overall. Although the SBC is still overwhelmingly white, Moore said in an interview that “the African American community is is one of the fastest growing demographics in the Southern Baptist Convention.”
Here is some of what Moore told The Post this week. The interview has been condensed.
On his conversations with the African American Southern Baptist community following the Garner verdict:
“It’s a sense of great distress and alarm and sadness. There’s a great deal of lament that has come out over the last year, from the Trayvon Martin situation, all the way through now, that has brought up many conversations within churches and within our denomination, about experiences that black Christians face that white Christians just don’t.
“I had an African American pastor talk to me about working though his son’s applications to college. And that he was praying over some of those applications, that his son would not be accepted into those schools, because of where they were located and he was afraid that it would not be safe for his son. That was one of the most impressive conversations I’ve ever had, because I realized that I will never be in a situation where I’m praying that about my children.”
On why the Garner decision produced such a unified response among liberals and conservatives:
“The Garner case is much clearer in terms of the facts of the case. With Ferguson, there was a dispute on what happened between Michael Brown and Darren Wilson. We don’t have access to adjudicate between all these conflicting testimonies , and so in many ways it was almost as though conversations were being had past one another on Ferguson. In this case, the situation is much clearer; we saw the unfolding of this with our own eyes on videotape. I think that changes the dynamic.
“There was a great deal of disagreement at the national level over the specifics of Ferguson. I don’t see much disagreement at the national level on the specifics of Garner. I mean, Peter King. I can’t really think of anyone beyond Peter King defending the police in the Garner case. But you do see that out in social media.”
On the Southern Baptist Convention’s history and support from its current members:
“The founders of the Southern Baptist Convention were wrong and wickedly wrong on the issue of human slavery. And the problem wasn’t just that they were on the wrong side of a social issue; they were on the wrong side of Jesus and the gospel when it came to brothers and sisters in Christ made in the image of God that they treated with injustice. The Southern Baptist Convention acknowledged that in 1995, in a formal resolution process.
“For the most part, I think most people would be surprised by how Southern Baptist rank and file really are concerned about racial reconciliation and justice. White and black. Of course, we do have a fringe of people, as I think every segment of American life does. But I think that’s a very small fringe that would not be supportive.
“We cannot pretend that these issues went away with the Civil Rights Act of 1964. They’re still with us. And we have to recognize how to combat those things with the gospel in our own churches. ”
On the theological argument for reconciliation:
“The New Testament tells us that the unity of the church is a sign of the gospel itself. So that’s important theologically. It also has public consequences. I think that churches are where our consciences are formed. We learn to love one another by being with one another. I think that has public consequences.
“You don’t simply have African American people saying we have a problem in American society. We need white Americans to be addressing things on behalf of their black brothers and sisters. That needs to take place. That can only take place if we’re unified with one another. I think the church is the primary place that God has designed for us to live with one another in a household.
“I think some of our political conversations in political discourse right now, tend to treat the person being disagreed with as an idea to be vaporized, rather than a person to be engaged and to be persuaded. And I think when it comes to the church, we don’t have the option to simply speak to whatever one niche wants to hear. We have to speak to an entire body of people who must have unity. And I think in political discourse right now, disunity wins often. Dividing people up with polarizing speech can be a winning in the realm of secular politics. It doesn’t win if what one is trying to do is build a church that models the gospel.”
On the reaction to his statement about the grand jury’s decition:
“Overall very very positive. Most people in the Southern Baptists Convention are driven by gospel and the mission of Christ. I’ve also received some awful hate mail, and I’m really astounded by that. It’s hard to know where it’s coming from really.
“We have an evangelical hip-hop artist, Trip Lee, who wrote a song kind of expressing his feelings on the Garner case. He texted it to me, and I posted it on Twitter . And immediately, I had white supremacists responding with racial slurs and so forth. I get a lot of white supremacist hate stuff. I block them most of the time because I don’t ever really have to see it.”
On what happens next:
“At the national level, I think there will be a great deal of attention given to this in the presidential campaign, really on both sides of the aisle. I think some issues that were already on the table and being discussed with criminal justice reform and the questions that are related to that — I think those conversations are going to be heightened during the presidential campaign, which will drive the discussion. Hopefully drive it somewhere good.”
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Justice  Ferguson MO  and the NFLBy David Post December 5
I read Dickens’ Bleak House for the first time this past year, with its brilliant and often terrifying descriptions of what was, at the time, a truly rotten and squalid legal system – and Dickens is good enough so you can almost smell it decaying on the page.  [The first chapter alone is required reading if you're interested in law or lawyering or the legal system; if the actual system was anything like Dickens' depiction of it, it was monstrous].  It has made me wonder a bit about how one recognizes legal systems that are in some sort of terminal decline.
It does seem to me like there’s a great deal of disgust out there about our law and our legal system and our lawyers – much of it well-earned, for which the legal profession itself ( yes, including law professors) bears some not-inconsiderable responsibility, though that’s a separate issue – and I wonder if there isn’t some tipping point which helps push the edifice crashing down. I wasn’t even thinking about the events in Ferguson and now New York, though they’ve generated plenty of disgust.  I was actually thinking about the NFL.
The public clamor for the NFL to “do more” when confronted by evidence of serious wrongdoing in the cases of Ray Rice, Adrian Peterson, Greg Hardy, and an unfortunately large number of other cases strikes me as very troubling, and reflective of this view, apparently pretty widespread, that we can’t count on the legal system to mete out appropriate punishment in a reasonable way.  We have a criminal law, one would think, to define behavior that we cannot accept as a society, and to identify and punish those who violate those norms.  Many people, though, seem to want the NFL, and/or the individual NFL teams, to take over that function.  It’s a kind of privatization of a public function, and, extended more broadly, its costs might be much higher than we think.  Do we really think it would be a such a good idea if Microsoft, say, or General Electric, or Wal-Mart, or Amazon, or other large private employers started instituting “codes of conduct” governing employee behavior outside of work time? And if they started firing people because they received a video showing them behaving unlawfully, even heinously? And let’s see, whose interests do we think the NFL’s process for determining punishment is going to serve – the public’s? Or the NFL’s?
I understand that perhaps the NFL is a special case, because it is in the entertainment business, and has to be particularly sensitive to public opinion and to be sure that its product meets with the public’s approval, so it needs to take the law into its own hands for reasons not applicable to other private firms.  Perhaps.  But the underlying principle, and the move from public to private justice, still seems wrong to me.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Who can keep us hack-freeWhat the Sony hacking scandal means for boards
Lucy Marcus
About the author
Lucy Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. You can follow Lucy on Twitter  @lucymarcus
Making friends: Boardroom edition
At every board meeting this month someone is bound to ask, either during the meeting or in a quiet aside, "Could we be the next Sony?"
They'll be referring to the fact that Sony Pictures was recently hacked , with thousands of documents and files purloined and put into the public domain.
People are still wading through the documents, but, so far, a great deal of company confidential information has been revealed, ranging from salaries and internal company presentations to detailed financial reports, passwords and even upcoming films.
Nothing focuses the collective mind of a board on a problem such as cybersecurity as having a high profile exemplar that scares them into asking tougher and more pointed questions.
I will be amongst those asking that "check on data security" be added to our agendas under the AOB (any other business) section of risk committee meetings and board meetings.
Several components of this recent event are alarming to board members.
First, it is the seeming ease with which the hackers entered the system. There are still questions around who is really behind the cyber-attack. Speculation ranges from state-sponsored hacking by North Korea over discontent surrounding an upcoming Sony Pictures film, The Interview (North Korea denied involvement), to hacktavists who may have had some sort of assistance from the inside. If it is an external hacker, that means that Sony Pictures hasn’t put in place sufficient deterrents to keep the company safe. If it is a group with inside assistance, that is even more alarming in some ways. Board members and executive teams will want to know how you can defend against that threat.
The second disquieting component is the sheer volume and type of documents that are being released into the public domain. All executive teams and boards worry when company confidential documents are made free for anyone to see. Thus far we’ve seen the documents being scrutinised for everything from salary disparities to medical records of employees at the company. This leaves the company open to an extraordinary amount of liability on many levels. The legal department will be busy for months, possibly even years, to come.
One thing is very clear: At a time when so much of business is based in the cloud, and every part of a company’s confidential details can be found there, companies need to be more vigilant than ever.
I’ve talked ad nauseam to fellow board members about cybersecurity as a priority on the agendas of today’s board room. Many are only just now beginning to understand how much companies depend upon this technology. The news of the Sony Pictures hack, and the fall-out that will come as a result, will do much to clarify this in stark terms. If board members didn’t understand the importance of cybersecurity before, they will certainly understand it now. Chief Information Officers and technology teams better buckle up — they are in for a bumpy couple of months of questioning.
Lucy P Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. Don’t miss another Above Board column by  subscribing here . You can also follow Lucy on Twitter @lucymarcus .
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
If board members didn’t understand the importance of cybersecurity before, they will certainly understand it now.

Futures Now: Jobs gain causes gold pain
2015 BMW 1 Series Facelift SpiedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

M&M plans balanced petrol and diesel ratio in future launchesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Monte Carlo Fashion IPO oversubscribedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SJVN commissions its 412 MW Rampur Power Project in Himachal PradeshThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mangalore Chemicals spurts after open offer from Zuari groupThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Some data you used in the calculation are not correct - 1. tari...Consolidated Debt is 27000.
Interest cost Expected To reduce by 100 bps, increasing EPS by Rs 3ps
Capex on expansion to be reduced by 20-30% and as combined effect of lower commodities and interest, another increase in EPS by Rs 4 in the next few years..
AP imported coal UMPP hugely benefited due to 40% Internation coal price drop
Gas power plant sourcing to be cheaper at $4.12 per unit against $14-16 in 2011.
Huge assets blocked in DADRI land to be released freeing more debt.
Keep watching this space.. Massive rerating in the offing
Cheers
In reply to : sharekhan1965 message
10.28 AM Dec 6th

Circuit limits changed to10%Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

I m back after a long time on this bord...few mnths b4 i had given tg...Silver Member
31 Followers
i m back after a long time on this  bord...few mnths b4 i had given tgt  75 of dec 2014...which has been achieved almost...it is hovering now...next week tgt 66 s.l 57..if crosses 68 with hugh volume then tgt vll b 80@dec last...mark my words...pls contact@my email add...my followers know very well.....
11.30 PM Dec 5th

No signals from the company that results are going to be excellent ......Platinum Member
367 Followers
offload this at 75 to 80 ..... i had no stocks to sell so bought at 67.45 and sold for loss at close ..... delivery is 29% on bse and 48% on nse ...... vols on nse more than 4 times ...... seems some correction in markets started ...... stock has cash worth of 55 ..... at 70 it needs some impetus or news to go UP ..... positive results could do this ..... hope things improve soon
In reply to : dipankar_ghosh message
7.18 PM Dec 5th

Is graduate school worth the cost Heres how to know.By Jonnelle Marte December 2 Follow @jonnelle
Trees bloom on the campus of Yale University. (Photo by Christopher Capozziello/Getty Images)
It’s that time of year when people are compiling graduate school applications, gathering transcripts and deciding whether they want to take the plunge.
It’s a big decision — and an expensive one. Should you do it?
Grad school has its benefits. People with advanced degrees tend to earn bigger paychecks than those who have only an undergraduate degree. They’re also more likely to land a job — and less likely to end up on their parents’ couch.
But those perks come at a cost. For some it might mean temporarily giving up a paycheck, something they’ve gotten used to in the working world. And graduate students, who often reach this next milestone without the help of mom and dad, account for about 40 percent of the $1 trillion in outstanding student loan debt, according to the New America Foundation .
Ideally, people will come out with the potential to earn a much bigger paycheck and to reach a point in their careers that wouldn’t have been possible without the advanced degree. The jobless rate for people with master’s degrees was 3.4 percent in 2013, compared to 4 percent for people with a bachelor’s, according the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Median annual earnings were $69,100 for people with master’s degrees and $57,600 for those with a bachelor’s. But the payoff varies.
“The general conclusion about graduate degrees is that they do improve earnings,” says Anthony Carnevale, director of the Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce. “There’s almost no doubt about that.”
Still, he points out: “That doesn’t mean there aren’t some turkeys in the mix.”
Indeed, outcomes vary by major. Working as an engineer? Getting a graduate degree will probably lead to a big raise. For a journalist, not so much.
Communications majors don’t see any change in pay, on average, after getting a master’s degree. But income doubles after that person gets a PhD. Engineers, on the other hand, see a steady bump with every degree.
In the end, a person’s pay will depend on the demand for that job, the level of difficulty of the degree and whether a master’s is needed to advance in the field, Carnevale says. Some people can earn hefty paychecks fresh out of undergrad. But those with a bachelor’s in education, psychology or the arts might struggle to find a decent paying job, making a graduate degree practically required. “Truthfully, you need the graduate degree because otherwise you won’t make the A earnings,” he says.
For some careers, the type of degree will have a bigger effect on pay than the school it comes from, Carnevale says. Teachers, for instance, are better off borrowing as little as possible, he says. “School teachers get paid the same,” he says. “It doesn’t matter where you went to school, but the degree itself is valuable.”
Business majors see a bump in pay after getting a master’s degree, which can put them on the fast track for a management position, Carnevale says. There’s actually a slight decrease in average pay for people with business-related PhDs, perhaps because the credential isn’t essential.
Related: Where to go to business school if you want the highest salary
Of course, money isn’t the only reason for going back to school, but when debt enters the picture, it becomes more important. The average graduate borrowed $29,400 for a four-year degree and $57,600 for a graduate degree in 2012, according to the New America Foundation.
Potential students need to ask themselves if they will make enough, or get a big enough raise, at the end of the program to afford those loans. And if the change in pay won’t be substantial, people should think about whether the degree will help them change careers, or to land a job they couldn’t land otherwise.
Lisa Manglass, a health physicist in  Denver, is planning to apply to some PhD programs over the next several weeks. Manglass, 30, is still paying off loans she took for her bachelor’s and master’s degrees, and she may need to borrow again if she goes back for doctoral work.
One of the biggest challenges for Manglass will be giving up a paycheck for a few years while she’s in school. (With the course load and research responsibilities, taking on another job is out of the question, she says.) But she hopes that the degree, combined with her work experience,will help her move into a more senior position in her field. “I look at my PhD as a way to open more doors to me in terms of career advancement,” she says.
Student loan payments become more of an issue when they take up more than 10 percent of a person’s income, the level at which many financial advisers say loans stop being affordable. The New America Foundation studied the issue this fall in a report focusing on how people in jobs that require graduate degrees may benefit from public service loan forgiveness , a program that might offer relief to people who want to work for nonprofits or in the public sector, where the pay may be lower. The study estimated average debt levels for different types of jobs and compared that to their likely earnings.
Take a lawyer, who might face a typical debt load of $140,000 before interest. That lawyer would need to make $190,000 for monthly payments on those loans to be equal to 10 percent of his income. But at the median salary of $114,000, those payments may eat up 17 percent of his pay.
Payments might become manageable if he signs up for an income-based repayment program, which would cap payments at 10 or 15 percent of income. And if he signs up for a public service loan forgiveness program, that debt could be forgiven after 10 years of payments.
“Graduate students can get a pretty decent benefit out of the program because they can borrow a lot,” says Jason Delisle, a policy analyst at the New America Foundation.
There are other ways to get help. Grad students have options like fellowships, teaching assistance programs and financial help from employers, which may not have been available to them when they were earning their bachelor’s.
Manglass says she’s hoping to qualify for a program where she’ll be fully funded, which means tuition would be covered and she would receive a stipend for housing — an arrangement that’s pretty common for people entering research programs. But she still expects to take out a loan to help pay for living expenses not covered by the stipend.
Once she is done, it would be nice to make a little more money, but Manglass says that isn’t her main motivation. “If you’re going into a research intensive field, going back to school for the money is a terrible reason to go back,” Manglass says.
“Graduate school is very difficult,” she says, “and research requires a lot of self motivation.”
Read More:

Gold advances on good buying support; silver taps Rs 37kmarkGold prices moved up further at the domestic bullion market due to sustained demand from jewellery retailers and investors amidst firm overseas cues.
Elsewhere, silver also maintained its strong momentum and reclaimed the Rs 37,000-mark on higher industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) edged up by Rs 20 to end at Rs 26,355 per 10 grams compared to Tuesday’s closing level of Rs 26,335.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also gained by a similar margin to settle at Rs 26,505 per 10 grams from Rs 26,485.
Silver (.999 fineness) strengthened by Rs 40 to finish at Rs 37,105 per kg, as against Rs 36,965 on Tuesday.
On the global front, the yellow-metal traded above the significant USD 1,200 level on expectations of fresh easing measures by the European Central Bank despite stronger greenback and Fed rate hike bets ahead of key US data later.
Spot gold was bid higher at USD 1,200.85 an ounce in early European trade.
TAGS: Gold Price
More from commodities
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Asian Paints key beneficiary of high oil prices: JPMorgan'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Asian Paints will be a key beneficiary of falling crude oil prices in our view. Crude oil prices are trending 30% below the past 12-month average. We build in gains from lower oil prices and revise our FY16/17E earnings estimates upwards by 17/10% and set a new Sept 2015 target price of R710.
Asian Paints will be a direct beneficiary of lower crude oil prices. Another key raw material, Titanium Dioxide has also been benign. Lower raw material costs pose upside risk to gross margin assumptions as benefits would flow in with a lag of 1-2 quarters. We build in 350 bps y-o-y expansion in gross margins for domestic decorative business in FY16e as a result.
Some gains to be offset by higher promotions/marketing investments. We also note the possibility of some of the benefits being passed on to consumers in the form of price cuts and higher brand investments. We assume marginally negative pricing growth in FY16e expecting no price increases and some gains to be passed on to consumers.  We also forecast higher brand investments to push for volume growth. As a result we estimate EBITDA margin expansion of 300 bps in FY16e.
Key upside risk to our EPS estimates is a more prolonged/severe reduction in crude oil/titanium dioxide prices and higher volume growth rate Key downside risk is increase in raw metarial costs, competitive spends and lower demand growth.
JPMorgan
TAGS: Asian Paints Crude Oil
More from markets
Govt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver The government raised import tariff value on gold to USD 396 per 10 grams and on silver to USD 561 per kg in line...

Kerala Blasters held 0-0 at home by NorthEast UnitedPTI
Kerala blasters FC (Yellow) and NorthEast United FC players in action during the ISL match in Kochi.
TOPICS
sport
Kerala Blasters FC was held to a goalless draw by a 10-man NorthEast United FC in an Indian Super League (ISL) match at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium on Thursday.
The draw kept the hosts in the fifth spot with 16 points after 13 matches, just outside the qualifying positions for the semi-final.
Kerala created several opportunities but failed to convert any of them.
They also enjoyed numerical superiority for the last quarter of an hour when NorthEast forward James Keene was expelled after displaying unsportsmanlike conduct to a dangerous challenge from Kerala striker Michael Chopra.
Kerala pressed to break the deadlock at the final stages of the match but just could not muster the all-important goal.
The match was, nonetheless, entertaining as both teams went forward in search of goals that would have secured them crucial three points.
Kerala got the first proper chance in the 22nd minute when Milagres and Stephen Paul Pearson, of the home team, combined to come close to scoring but NorthEast goalkeeper Rehenesh was up to the task pulling off a fine save.
NorthEast had their moments too, none for glaring than Miguel Garcia’s header of a corner that was cleared off the line by Mehtab Hossain.
Attacks and counter-attacks made the match an interesting spectacle as both team went into the break at 0-0.
The change of ends didn’t change the flow of the contest as both teams continued to fire blanks.
NorthEast also didn’t benefit from the draw, remaining at the seventh spot with 14 points from 13 matches.

Hero world challenge: Miserable start for Tiger in comeback eventAP
Tiger Woods finished in the last place at first round of the Hero World Challenge golf tournament.
TOPICS
golf
A rusty Tiger Woods had a forgettable day on his comeback as he lay at the bottom of the heap after carding a five-over 77 even as Jordan Spieth took the lead with a six-under on the opening day of the Hero World Challenge golf tournament.
The 38-year-old Woods, making a comeback after a four-month injury lay-off, stumbled to five bogeys and a double bogey.
However, the big solace for the American legend was that his back held well. Watched and followed throughout by the maximum number of fans, Woods began by an Out-of-Bounds (OB) at his tee shot in the very first hole.
However, the five-time champion at this event escaped with a bogey. It was only on the back-nine that Woods found a little bit of his touch, striking his first birdie in the par-4 12th hole. It could have been an eagle but he missed it by a whisker.
He had a great swing in the next to find the greens but fluffed two chips after his ball caught a slope and eventually settled for a bogey on the par-five hole.
Fortunately, the bogey-streak ended there and he managed par scores in the last five holes. But that was not good enough to catch up with others and he remained at the bottom of the leaderboard.
“Today was weird. I didn’t feel like I did that bad.
Short game was awful. Didn’t make anything. But I missed it a few times on the front nine on the wrong side, just sides you can’t miss it on, like on 2. But it was just one of those days where really nothing went my way. Hit two of the best shots I could possibly hit on 13 and I walk away with a 6,” Woods said after day’s play.
Asked what positives he would take from the day’s play, he replied his “shot patterns were fantastic“.
“And as I think all of you saw, I got my power back and I got my speed back. It’s nice to be able to start launching it again. That’s a very good sign.”
Woods said he surprised himself by playing such bad chip shots.
“Well, it certainly is surprising that I could hit chips that poorly. I flubbed them. What was it, three of them I flubbed? Took too much off the bunker shot on 7, tried to get too cute with it, and just made too many mistakes. They were all mainly around the green.”

Starbucks to Roll Out Mobile Ordering... And Booze
Year-End Wealth Planning Checklistreddit
With so few hours in the day, I often find myself making a list, checking off my "to-do's," and then making another.  Our clients' lives are also busy, and so I like to send checklists from time to time to keep planning and investments on track.
The following is a year-end checklist to save you angst and remorse come tax time:
1. Year-end gifting: U.S. investors can give away $5.34 million during their lifetimes or at death (that figure will be $5.43 million in 2015), and exclude it from federal estate and gift taxes.  However, over and above that, on an annual basis one can gift $14,000 to any beneficiary.  This amount can be given outright, in trust, in a college savings plan or in the form of premiums paid to benefit someone.  This annual gift exclusion amount must be given in the current tax year. "Use it or lose it"--as with most good things, this allowance is fleeting, with no rollovers to successive years.
Tuition and healthcare expenses, if directly paid to the institution, do not count against the $14,000 gift limit. There are many other nuances, including discounting techniques to enable a larger gift, that an experienced wealth manager or planner should be able to carefully explain.
2. Tax mitigation: Unless you buy and hold securities for a lifetime, turnover in portfolios--and thus recognition of capital gains--is bound to occur. Now is the time for wealth managers to assess the potential impact of those realized gains and look for unrealized losses to crystallize. Any security (whether a stock, bond, ETF or fund) sold at a loss cannot be repurchased for 31 days - to avoid triggering the Wash Sale Rule, in which the loss is nullified - but we may buy a different security for that period, or swap into another permanently.
3. Funding retirement plans: Although the IRS permits investors to fund some plans up until the day taxes are filed, contributions to employer-sponsored plans like 401(k)'s are deducted from paychecks. As the year draws to a close, if you have not deducted the maximum, and can afford to do so, contact your HR department and increase the deduction. This is an interest-free loan from the government and the accumulation is tax-deferred.
4. College savings plans: Another interest-free loan is the 529 college savings plan, which must be used for undergraduate or graduate university education.  Some states offer tax credits for part of the contribution, and the tax-free compounding of investments can be critical to offsetting a massive school bill down the line. Another nice advantage of these plans is that the donor owns the plan, and thus can change the beneficiary, even to himself or herself, should there be a need or excess funds.
5. Philanthropy: This is definitely the season for fundraising dinners, but also a time to establish or contribute to charitable funds and foundations.  There are pros and cons of each, and an experienced planner or wealth manager should be able to articulate them. Advanced charitable giving involves creating a philanthropic plan that outlines the mission statement, governance and grant-making parameters of a family or entity's intentions.  This happens to be my favorite module to implement with our clients, as it reflects the heart of their emotions, beliefs and core values.
Checkbook philanthropy is not ideal. It is more efficient to gift appreciated securities, rather than cash, as the charity receives the fully-appreciated value, the donor receives a tax credit for the fair market value (only if one uses long-term appreciated securities) and there is no recognition of a capital gain. If the charity to which you are giving cannot receive securities, a donor-advised (charitable) fund or foundation will need to receive the gift, sell it and make a grant of cash.
Every year I blow out candles on my birthday cake, I wish for more empathy, compassion and time to begin and complete the tasks I undertake and to enjoy the people in my life. However, regarding the latter, every day contains the same number of seconds, minutes and hours. So, I figure I need to work smarter, not harder, and thus my daily trick is making lists.
We all get busy and need a nudge from time to time. As we come to the end of 2014, and enjoy the hours with family and friends, let's resolve to check off these year-end items, and begin January with the satisfaction and knowledge that we remembered those last few critical things on our list.
Happy holidays to all.

The geopolitical impact of cheap oilMartin Feldstein: The geopolitical impact of cheap oil
Martin Feldstein |  Dec 04, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The price of oil has fallen more than 25 per cent in the past five months, to less than $80 a barrel. If the price remains at this level, it will have important implications - some good, some bad - for many countries around the world. If it falls further, as seems likely, the geopolitical consequences on some oil-producing countries could be dramatic.
The price of oil at any time depends on market participants' expectations about future supply and demand. The role of expectations makes the oil market very different from most others. In the market for fresh vegetables, for example, prices must balance the supply and demand for the current harvest. By contrast, oil producers and others in the industry can keep supply off the market if they think that its price will rise later, or they can put extra supply on the market if they think the price will fall.
Oil companies around the world keep supply off the market by reducing the amount of oil that they take out of the ground. Oil producers can also restrict supply by holding oil inventory in tankers at sea or in other storage facilities. Conversely, producers can put more oil on the market by increasing production or by running down their inventories.
The market expectations reflected in today's price reflect lower future demand and increased future supply. Lower demand reflects both the current weakness of economic activity, particularly in Europe and China, and, more important, the longer-term changes in technology, which will increase cars' fuel efficiency and induce the use of solar power and other non-oil energy sources. The increase in the future potential supply of oil reflects new output produced by fracking, the development of Canada's tar sands and Mexico's recent decision to allow foreign oil companies to develop the country's energy sources.
These changes in demand and supply suggest that the future price of oil will be lower than industry participants expected until just a few months ago. Some of the recent changes in expected future demand and supply could have been anticipated earlier. But there is no way to know when attitudes and expectations will change. The historic volatility of oil prices reflects these psychological shifts as well as changes in objective reality.
Today's oil price is also linked to anticipated future interest rates. More specifically, oil producers have an investment choice: they can increase production now, selling the additional oil at today's price and investing the proceeds at the existing long-term interest rate, or they can leave the oil in the ground as an investment.
A low rate of interest encourages producers to leave oil in the ground. When the current abnormally low interest rates on long-term bonds rise over the next few years, it will become more attractive for producers to increase the supply of oil and invest the resulting income at the higher rate. Unless expectations about the fundamentals of future supply and demand change, the rise in the interest rate will cause oil prices to fall further.
The low price of oil is good news for the United States economy, because it implies higher real incomes for American consumers. Within the United States, the lower price is transferring real income from oil producers to households, which raises short-term demand because households spend a higher proportion of their incomes than oil firms do. For the same reason, the lower price also gives a boost to aggregate demand in Europe, Asia and other oil-importing regions.
The big losers from falling oil prices include several countries that are not friends of the United States and its allies, such as Venezuela, Iran and Russia. These countries are heavily dependent on their oil revenue to support their governments' spending - especially massive transfer programmes. Even at $75 or $80 a barrel, these governments will have a difficult time financing the populist programmes that they need to maintain public support.
Although Saudi Arabia and several of the Gulf states are also major oil exporters, they differ from other producers in two important ways. First, their cost of extracting oil is extremely low, which means that they will be able to produce profitably at the current price - or even at a much lower price. Second, their enormous financial reserves allow them to finance their domestic and international activities for an extended period of time, as they seek to transform their economies to reduce their dependence on oil revenue.
A further decline in the price of oil could have major geopolitical repercussions. A price of $60 a barrel would create severe problems for Russia in particular. President Vladimir Putin would no longer be able to maintain the transfer programmes that currently sustain his popular support. There would be similar consequences in Iran and Venezuela.
It is not clear whether these countries' current regimes could survive a substantial and sustained future decline in oil prices. By contrast, it is obvious that oil-importing countries would benefit greatly - as they already are.
The writer is an emeritus professor of economics at Harvard
Copyright: Project Syndicate 2014

Air India  NBCC tie up for monetization of assetsAir India, NBCC tie up for monetization of assets
Under the agreement, each land asset will be individually evaluated for a particular mode of monetization process
India remains a laggard in innovation, China overtakes US
Monetization of assets is key to the debt-laden and loss-making state-owned airline’s revival plan or financial restructuring plan (FRP). Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai: India’s oldest airline Air India Ltd has signed an agreement with National Buildings Construction Corp. Ltd (NBCC) to monetize its assets.
Monetization of assets is key to the debt-laden and loss-making state-owned airline’s revival plan or financial restructuring plan (FRP).
The cabinet committee on economic affairs, while approving the FRP and turnaround plan (TAP) for Air India, envisaged that monetization of the airline’s assets would yield Rs.5,000 crore over the next 10 years, with an annual target of Rs.500 crore from fiscal year 2013.
“It will be a non-binding, non-exclusive agreement and each land asset will be individually evaluated for a particular mode of monetization process,” Air India said in a statement.
NBCC did not offer any comment for the story.
According to the memorandum of understanding with NBCC, there are three models for developing the properties.
Under model-I, NBCC will bear the cost of developing the project and the sale proceeds will be shared between NBCC and Air India in an agreed ratio.
Under model-II, NBCC will pay Air India a portion of the value of the land upfront. NBCC will also bear the project cost and the sale proceeds will be shared between the two in an agreed ratio.
Finally, under model-III, NBCC will construct the project on behalf of Air India; the development cost will be invested by NBCC and it will charge a fixed internal rate of return (IRR) on the project on its investment on mutually acceptable terms. This will help Air India realise the full potential of its surplus land assets in partnership with NBCC .
The details of Air India’s real estate were not disclosed.
The government approved a Rs.30,000 crore package to rescue the airline in April 2012. This included an upfront equity infusion of Rs.6,750 crore and assured equity support of Rs.23,481 crore till 2020-21. Banks have recast their exposure to the airline, resulting in interest savings of Rs.1,000 crore a year for the airline.
Air India had a total debt of Rs.40,000 crore, as on 30 September 2014. The state-run airline is expected to post a net loss of Rs.3,900 crore for the last fiscal. It posted a net loss of Rs.5,100 crore in 2012-13 and a net loss of Rs.7,100 crore in 2011-12.

Hackers: A handpicked  pampered elite in North Korea31
2
Seoul: Despite its poverty and isolation, North Korea has poured resources into a sophisticated cyber-warfare cell called Bureau 121, defectors from the secretive state said as Pyongyang came under the microscope for a crippling hack into computers at Sony Pictures Entertainment.
A North Korean diplomat has denied Pyongyang was behind the attack that was launched last month but a US national security source said it was a suspect.
Defectors from the North have said Bureau 121, staffed by some of the most talented computer experts in the insular state, is part of the General Bureau of Reconnaissance, an elite spy agency run by the military. They have said it is involved in state-sponsored hacking, used by the Pyongyang government to spy on or sabotage its enemies.
A North Korean national flag in North Korea's propaganda village of Gijungdong is seen from an observation post on April 23, 2013 in Panmunjom, South Korea. (Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images)
#hacking #internet #hackers #north korea
Pyongyang has active cyber-warfare capabilities, military and software security experts have said. Much of it is targeted at the South, technically still in a state of war with North Korea. But Pyongyang has made no secret of its hatred of the United States, which was on the South's side in the 1950-53 Korean War.
Military hackers are among the most talented, and rewarded, people in North Korea, handpicked and trained from as young as 17, said Jang Se-yul, who studied with them at North Korea's military college for computer science, or the University of Automation, before defecting to the South six years ago.
Speaking to Reuters in Seoul, he said the Bureau 121 unit comprises about 1,800 cyber-warriors, and is considered the elite of the military.
"For them, the strongest weapon is cyber. In North Korea, it's called the Secret War," Jang said.
One of his friends works in an overseas team of the unit, and is ostensibly an employee of a North Korean trading firm, Jang said. Back home, the friend and his family have been given a large state-allocated apartment in an upscale part of Pyongyang, Jang said.
"No one knows ... his company runs business as usual. That's why what he does is scarier," Jang said. "My friend, who belongs to a rural area, could bring all of his family to Pyongyang. Incentives for North Korea's cyber experts are very strong ... they are rich people in Pyongyang."
He said the hackers in Bureau 121 were among the 100 students who graduate from the University of Automation each year after five years of study. Over 2,500 apply for places at the university, which has a campus in Pyongyang, behind barbed wire.
"They are handpicked," said Kim Heung-kwang, a former computer science professor in North Korea who defected to the South in 2004, referring to the state hackers. "It is a great honour for them. It is a white-collar job there and people have fantasies about it."
Similar tools
The technology news site Re/code reported on Wednesday that Sony intends to name North Korea as the source of the attack. But when asked about the Re/code report, a Sony spokeswoman said no announcement from the studio was coming. The company declined comment on Thursday.
Sony Pictures, a unit of Japan's Sony Corp, is the distributor of The Interview, a forthcoming comedy featuring a plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korea has described the film as an "act of war".
Last year, more than 30,000 PCs at South Korean banks and broadcasting companies were hit by a similar attack that cybersecurity researchers widely believe was launched from North Korea.
Months later, the South Korean government's online presence was targeted, with the president's website defaced with a banner reading "Long live General Kim Jong Un, president of reunification!"
Neither attack was particularly sophisticated, but South Korean authorities said North Korea was to blame, even though 'hacktivist' groups - online activists who hack high-profile targets in order to spread political messages - first appeared to claim responsibility.
Those attacks used rudimentary but effective malware which security researchers later dubbed DarkSeoul.
Also known as the DarkSeoul Gang, the hackers have been involved in a five-year spree against South Korean targets, according to a report last year by computer security firm Symantec, which estimated the group included 10 to 50 hackers and described it as "unique" in its ability to carry out high-profile and damaging attacks over several years.
Some security experts have cast doubt on North Korean involvement in the attack on Sony, citing the publicity-seeking hacktivist style of the attacks. However, the use of an unknown name by the group behind the Sony attacks, "Guardians of Peace", is similar to previous attacks by the DarkSeoul gang.
It remains unclear if the DarkSeoul gang are outsiders working on behalf of North Korea, or some of Pyongyang's troops in the isolated country's own 'cyber army'.
13

NASA s Orion spacecraft successfully lifts off from Florida for first test flightDec 05, 2014 at 05:46pm IST
NASA's Orion spacecraft successfully lifts off from Florida for first test flight
52
2
Florida: The first flight test of Orion, NASA's next-generation spacecraft, was held successfully on Friday from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
"Orion launched at 7:05 am ET/12:05 UTC. Orion will orbit Earth twice, reaching a peak altitude of 3,600 miles," the official twitter handle of NASA tweeted.
The spacecraft is capable of sending astronauts on future missions to an asteroid and the journey to Mars.
The spacecraft is capable of sending astronauts on future missions to an asteroid and the journey to Mars.
"The Delta IV Heavy second stage rocket engine is now propelling #Orion's ascent to orbit," read another tweet from NASA.
4
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Over-subscribed 2 times  SAIL disinvestment offer bags 1 725 crComments
The government’s plan to raise capital by disinvesting its stake in various public sector undertakings (PSUs) got off to a flying start on Friday with its offer-for-sale of 5% stake in public steel sector firm Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) getting oversubscribed by over two times, mopping up Rs. 1,715 crore for the national exchequer.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
A shortfall in revenues may prompt the government to raise indirect taxes — it has already done it twice in petrol and diesel in the last two months — hurting prices.
The high demand for shares of SAIL, both with retail investors (oversubscribed 2.6 times) and non-retail sector (oversubscribed 1.8 times), could pave the way for speedier disinvestment in various other PSUs.
“In order to facilitate retail investors, a 5% price discount was offered to them,” a finance ministry statement said.
In September, the government had approved share sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Ltd (CIL), NHPC and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) — that can potentially earn the exchequer about Rs. 44,000 crore.
There are, however, a few roadblocks that the government may have to overcome. Upstream firms such as ONGC sell crude to domestic oil retailers at a discount linked to global crude prices.
The discount rate rising over the years and the fall in the crude prices recently has had a bearing on ONGC’s bottomlines. The company wants this issue to be resolved before divesting the government stake.
Labour unions, on the other hand, are opposed to stake sale in CIL, which could upset disinvestment plans and have threatened to go on strike if the government goes ahead with the stake sale.
The government has budgeted to earn Rs. 43,425 crore target by selling shares in public sector companies in 2014-15. Besides, it also hopes to earn another Rs. 15,000 crore by selling minority stakes in non-government firms such as ITC, L&T and Axis Bank.
India has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years. Last year, it could raise only Rs. 16,027 crore, against the budgeted Rs. 40,000 crore.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has made it mandatory for listed PSUs to pare government shareholding to 75% within the next three years.

US Adds 321 000 Jobs  the Most in Nearly 3 YearsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Bullish U.S. employment report puts Fed under spotlightU.S. housing starts fall, but trend points to recovery
By Lucia Mutikani, Reuters
Land Price
U.S. housing starts fell in November as groundbreaking for single-family homes declined after two hefty increases, in what appeared to be a brief pause in a gradual recovery trend.
Starts dropped 1.6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.028 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. October's starts were revised up to a 1.045 million-unit pace.
8
Despite November's fall, groundbreaking is up 7.7 percent compared to the first 11 months of 2013. Starts have averaged a 990,000-unit pace so far this year, up from an average 930,000-unit rate last year.
"It is hard to complain about the housing sector," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania. "The U.S. economy is on an accelerating growth path that should continue for quite some time. We don't need a robust housing market to drive growth."
Wall Street had forecast starts rising at a pace of 1.04 million units from October's previously reported pace of 1.01 million units.
@jhanzel thanks for pointing that out in the summer of recovery part 6
j blome
5
In a separate report, financial data firm Markit said its preliminary or "flash" U.S. Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index fell to 53.7 in December, the lowest reading in 11 months, from 54.8 in November.
While the survey hints at slowing factory activity, so-called hard data such as industrial production have painted a bullish picture of the manufacturing sector and showed little sign that a sputtering global economy and crude oil price rout were having an impact on American factories.
U.S. stocks were up sharply in volatile trading and prices for U.S. Treasury debt rose. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies.    Housing is being stymied by tepid wage growth, which has been far outpaced by home price increases. Higher mortgage rates are also a constraint, although they have declined from a peak reached in September 2013.
A very slow pace of household formation also is a challenge. High unemployment among young adults is forcing many to either continue living at home with their parents or share quarters with friends or relatives.
Household formation is currently running at about 500,000 a year, far below the more than 1 million mark that would signal a robust housing market.
But with job growth accelerating, wages are expected to pick up next year and pull in first-time buyers, especially young people, into the housing market, providing a tailwind for the economy. Housing has been a mild boost to growth so far in 2014.
"We believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provides a crucial second wind to the economic recovery," said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York.
Single-family homes starts, the largest part of the market, fell 5.4 percent. Groundbreaking in the volatile multi-family homes segment rose 6.7 percent after October's 9.9 percent drop.
Permits for future home construction declined 5.2 percent, the biggest drop since January, to a 1.035 million-unit pace after two straight months of gains.
Permits, which lead starts by three to four months, have been above a 1 million-unit pace since July. Both single-family and multi-family permits fell.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Paul Simao)

Accel Frontline promoters to dilute stakeAccel Frontline promoters to dilute stake
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 05, 2014 07:30 PM IST
Accel Frontline Ltd promoters have decided to dilute their stake to achieve Minimum Public Shareholding norms. Comapny today informed BSE that the Board has noted the intimation received from the promoters of the Company that they are planning to divest their stake so as to achieve Minimum Public Shareholding norms as per the Listing Agreement.
 
According to BSE data, promoter and promoter group, are holding 89.02% in the company. The largest shareholder is CAC Corporation, which holds 60.95%, Accel ltd (22.20 %), Panicker N R (1.25 %) and Accel systems Group Inc, USA (0.62 %).
 
In December 2013, CAC Corporation, Japan announced that it is acquiring 51% ownership of Chennai-based Accel Frontline Limited (AFL), a mid-size IT company. The deal value estimated to be around Rs 130 crore, including equity and soft loan.

Why stamp duty divides buyers and sellers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/726a60b2-7bb3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICICI Bank to sell its Russia subsidiary IBELICICI  Bank to sell its Russia subsidiary IBEL
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 06, 2014 12:23 AM IST
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private-sector lender, plans to sell its Russian subsidiary ICICI Bank Eurasia Limited Liability Company (IBEL) to Sovcombank, a mid-sized Russian bank.
“The sale is subject to execution of definitive agreements and regulatory approvals. The purchase price will be determined on the transaction completion date based on the financial statements of IBEL at that date. The transaction is expected to conclude by the end of the financial year,” ICICI Bank said in a notification to the exchanges.
At the end of the September quarter, IBEL had total assets of 4.5 billion roubles and a paid-up equity capital of 1.6 billion roubles.
IBEL’s profit after tax in the six months ended September 30, was 28 million roubles. The Russian subsidiary accounted for less than 0.1 per cent of ICICI Bank’s consolidated total assets at the end of September 30, 2014 and consolidated profit after tax for the six-month period ending September 2014.
As of March 2014, 48.8 percent of IBEL’s book was loans to companies and banks whereas retail loans constituted 24.9 per cent. The lender’s capital adequacy ratio at the end of March was 42.9 per cent. At that time, ICICI Bank had an investment of Rs 300 crore in IBEL.
ICICI Bank had acquired Investitsionno-Kreditny Bank, for an undisclosed amount in 2005. With this deal, the lender acquired assets worth $4.4 million.
Over the past few years, ICICI Bank has been cutting its stake in its overseas subsidiaries. It has trimmed its equity investment in its UK and Canada arms to seven per cent of its net worth, from 11 per cent in the past four years, the management said in a conference call with analysts after the fourth-quarter results last year.
The lender has been repatriating money from its overseas banking subsidiaries to optimise the capital invested in these businesses.

Can liberalism survive the 21st centuryBy Jennifer Rubin December 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger
President Obama has been rotten for the Democratic Party. Under his presidency, both the Senate and House majorities were lost. Democratic governors went from 27 in 2009 to a measly 16. Democrats control only  11 state legislatures , the smallest number since the 1920s.  Jon Thompson, spokesman for the Republican Governors Association tells me, “Under Obama, Republicans have increased their number of governors from 22 in 2008 to 31 in 2015, the most for either Party in 16 years. Nearly 200 million Americans will live in a state with a Republican governor in 2015, almost 2/3 of the country.” If not for New York and California, the Democratic Party would nearly be a bit player on the national scene. (Those two states give the Democrats an almost automatic 4 Senate seats, 84 electoral votes, two governors and nearly 58 million people.)
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), right. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg News)
And the numbers go beyond seats won: The Democratic Party has  lost the advantage  according to polls in its ability to handle  top issues  ranging from the debt to foreign policy. Overall the party is at an all-time low in  favorability  at 36 percent.  According to Gallup , Democrats are in trouble in affiliation as well. “Prior to the elections, 43% of Americans identified as Democrats or leaned toward the Democratic Party, while 39% identified as or leaned Republican. Since then, Republicans have opened up a slight advantage, 42% to 41%, representing a net shift of five percentage points in the partisanship gap.”
Can one president do this much damage to a party? There is another way of looking at this. It is not so much that Obama has been bad for the Democratic Party as the 21st century has been bad for liberalism. Faith in government has declined. The liberals’ historic national healthcare plan turned out to be an albatross around the necks of Democratic lawmakers. Only 37.9 percent of Americans approve of the Democratic Party while 52.5 percent disapprove in the  RealClearPolitics poll averages .
The parties have become so ideologically polarized that for all intents and purposes the GOP is the party of conservatism and Democratic Party that of liberalism. With respect to the latter it is not so much the liberalism of FDR with a coalition of immigrants, workers, farmers and the poor but of green activists, media elites, trial lawyers, public employee unions and Silicon Valley and Hollywood moguls. ( Jim Webb put it : “The Democratic Party has lost the message that made it such a great party for so many years, and that message was: Take care of working people, take care of the people who have no voice in the corridors of power, no matter their race, ethnicity or any other reason. The Democratic Party has basically turned into a party of interest groups.”)
Just as the political glue that united the party has dissolved, the intellectual backbone of the left has crumbled. Its most prominent think tank, Center for American Progress, has been  hobbled  by  controversies  and  is seen as a  political adjunct  to the  White House . (Much criticism  comes from the left : “One former CAP staffer described ‘total synchronization’ between the administration and the think tank, which he said routinely allowed Team Obama to vet reports prior to publication. ‘We were constantly in touch with the White House,’ this person said. ‘Once I was on the phone with four White House lawyers who wanted to know what I was going to say [in an upcoming report].’”) It has been overshadowed by a bevy of conservative think tanks (while Brookings has become decidedly centrist on everything from  defense spending  to   anti-poverty measures  to the  law of war ).
The literary left has gone through convulsions. The New York Times was racked with accusations of sexism when it fired editor Jill Abramson.  Newsweek failed  on liberal doyenne Tina Brown’s watch. And now  The New Republic  – whose owner Chris Hughes won’t even call it a magazine –has eaten its own, laying off journalistic stars and  earning scorn  from both ends of the political spectrum.  Commentary’s John Podhoretz  recalls that the Weekly Standard, still going strong, was formed consciously as an intellectual opponent to TNR. There is no competition now. He vividly describes the pattern: “So I’d argue that what has befallen the New Republic is, in some ways, what has befallen liberalism writ large. It became unserious, and is about to become more unserious still, because that it what has happened to liberalism as a governing philosophy.”
And then there is the other great bastion of liberalism — higher education. Between  speech code  controversies,  sexual assault  allegations,  sports  and  cheating scandals , their ongoing spasm of thinly disguised  anti-Israel propaganda  and  discrimination  it is evident once prestigious institutions have lost their intellectual and moral bearings.
What happened? Three trends are evident.
First, liberalism’s moral superiority led to intellectual laziness, a refusal to look at the way the world is (e.g. the failure of Keynesian economics, the nature of Islamic fundamentalism, the shortcomings of the liberal welfare state, disregard for the benefits of free markets). With that laziness came a distasteful tone. Twitter seems the perfect medium for the snarly left — filled with one-liners, personal attacks, snap judgments and just plain meanness. Identity politics, the last refuge of a movement with few policy innovations to offer, becomes the default mode for the left.
Second, the faults in liberal ideology became more acute as society became more complex.  Yuval Levin  (conservative philosopher, policy wonk and editor who has no liberal counterpart) writes: “But the size and cost of the liberal welfare state are a function of its basic character, and it is that character that is really at issue in most policy debates between liberals and conservatives. The fundamentally prescriptive, technocratic approach to American society inherent in the logic of the Left’s policy thinking is a poor fit for American life at any scale. The liberal welfare state ultimately cannot be had at an affordable price. It is not the architecture of one or another particular program that makes it unsustainable. It is unsustainable because the system as a whole must feed off of the innovative, decentralized vitality of American life, yet it undermines both the moral and the economic foundations of that vitality.” To be blunt, a set of assumptions about society and the world that were wrong but passable in 1960 are an obvious debacle in 2014. Giving the left power in the form of their dream president proved a fatal move, allowing all to see its gross shortcomings.
Third, the left’s disdain for limitations on its quest for power (the rule of law,  factual accuracy ,  due process , personal civility) has proven to be unwise and self-destructive. Smash-and-grab politics cannot sustain itself. The president can’t simply  make up facts and seize power  from the legislative branch to achieve what he wants. The narrative cannot be accurate  if the facts are wrong . Fair-minded people revolt against kangaroo courts and institutional railroading. And loss of polite debate and respect for opponents erode the public square and obviates the requirement for much needed self-reflection and reasoned argument. As universities fall down on their job of instilling ethical and intellectual excellence the failures of other liberal institutions (the media, the think tanks) leave a movement adrift and shallow.
Obama has certainly been bad for Democrats, but until they fix what is wrong with liberalism the Democratic Party will not recover.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Greek hopes on bailout exit dwindleGreek hopes of waving goodbye to bailout appear to be dashed
Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/942d2312-7c65-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber Raises Another $1.2 Billion in FundingUber Raises Another $1.2 Billion in Funding
 
Dec 5, 2014 11:45am
Morning Money Memo…
Uber is giving users 41 billion reasons to trust its service. The interactive ride-sharing app announced Thursday that it had raised $1.2 billion in additional funding, valuating the company just north of $41 billion. The company is making efforts to display resilience in the face of recent operational, privacy and personnel issues, in addition to facing increased competition in the ride sharing space. In a statement, co-founder Travis Kalanick said Uber is “acknowledging mistakes and learning from them. … We are collaborating across the company and seeking counsel from those who have gone through similar challenges to allow us to refine and change where needed.”
November was good for job creation. The economy created 321,000 jobs last month, far exceeding the 230,000 expected, while the unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.8 percent. Employment reports for October and September were also revised to show an additional 44,000 jobs added for that two-month period. U.S. futures were up slightly heading in to the final trading day of the week. Meanwhile, markets in Europe were positive across the board, while Asian markets were mixed this morning. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up this morning.
Has China overtaken the U.S. as the world’s largest economy? The mammoth superpower with four times the U.S. population has been the center of several reports touting the takeover for the past several months, with the strongest indicator coming from International Monetary Fund’s estimates that Chinese economic output will surpass U.S. economic output in 2014 by $200 billion. However, analysts argued that the immediacy of the situation is not quite as it seems, based on differing measures of economic output.
“We are comparing apples to oranges when we look at how GDP is calculated,” said Art Hogan, managing director and chief market strategist for Wunderlich Securities.
The United States, he said, adds up the value of all goods and services produced, then backs out debt that has yet to be paid. China does not back out debt. The economic output comparison does not directly compare like-for-like values, and cost-of-living comparisons factor little where much of China’s GDP is funded by credit.
“Bottom line, China is growing and some day they will have a larger real GDP than the U.S,” he said. “That day is not here yet, and it’s not a cause for trepidation.”
“The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1“ could make it a three-peat at this weekend’s box office. Analysts expect the third installment of The Hunger Games series to take in a cool $20 million in its third week on the big screen, easily surpassing holdovers “Penguins of Madagascar” and “Big Hero 6,” “Interstellar”and “Horrible Bosses 2.” “Mockingjay” so far has brought in more than $500 million at the global box office.

JPMorgan CEO Dimon Says He Is Free of CancerIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

By the end of the 2012 campaign  every Mitt Romney tweet had to be approved by 22 people— Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 6, 2012
How many campaign aides does it take to send a single tweet?
According to a study published Friday by a University of North Carolina assistant professor, the answer near the end of Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign was 22: Nearly two dozen staffers had to approve every tweet, Facebook post, blog post, or photo posted by Romney's digital team.
"The digital team unfortunately did not have the opportunity to think of things on their own and post them," said Caitlin Checkett, the campaign's digital integration director, in the study. "The downfall of that of course is as fast as we are moving, it can take a little bit of time to get that approval to happen."
The Romney campaign had a digital team of 16 staffers, compared with the Obama campaign's six-person team that included four staffers, a translator, and a digital director.
"Staffers on both sides of the aisle argue that the Obama campaign's digital team ... had significantly more autonomy," the study found. "This autonomy enabled staffers to respond to political events in the moment and in a communicative style that accords with the norms and expectations of networked publics on Twitter."
The study notes Twitter was mostly a tool for influencing journalists and "an elite core of supporters."
"Most likely not one thing we did on Twitter persuaded any voter or even necessarily reached any undecided voters," Obama digital director Teddy Goff said in the study, but it "reached the somewhat elite core of supporters and then very importantly reached reporters as well."
Goff said staffers "spent a lot of time thinking about how we could sort of manipulate the sort of national dialogue" and that discourse among political elites on Twitter "shaped journalistic perceptions of the race and ultimately how they covered it, much in the same way that informal talk at the bar and campaign bus did during previous cycles."
The study, "Seizing the moment: The presidential campaign's use of Twitter during the 2012 electoral cycle" by Daniel Kreiss, used interviews with staffers from the Romney and Obama campaigns and qualitative content analysis of Twitter feeds.
Hunter Schwarz covers state and local politics and policy across the country for the Washington Post.

Reports of Chris Christies political demise have been *greatly* exaggeratedBy Aaron Blake December 5 Follow @aaronblakewp
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) in September 2014. (Mel Evans/AP)
When the scandal that became known as "Bridgegate" popped about a year ago, there were plenty of people writing the obituary of —  or at least suggesting serious harm to  — Chris Christie's likely 2016 presidential campaign.
Turns out that was premature.
A state legislative investigation led by Democrats now says that it found no evidence that Christie knew about the closures of access lanes from Fort Lee, N.J., to the George Washington Bridge – closures that were initiated by top Christie aides in an apparent act of political retribution.
From the Bergen Record :
A report summarizing a yearlong investigation by the legislative panel examining the George Washington Bridge lane closures found no evidence of Governor Christie’s involvement but concluded that two of his allies acted “with perceived impunity” when they gridlocked Fort Lee’s streets apparently for political reasons.
The committee’s 136-page report, drawing off sworn testimony, private interviews and thousands of subpoenaed documents, also highlights the unsuccessful efforts by a now-shuttered arm of Christie’s office to court the Fort Lee mayor’s endorsement, finding that the closures were “motivated in part by political considerations.”
The report states there is “no conclusive evidence” as to whether the governor “was or was not” aware of the lane closures or involved in directing them. But it catalogs several unanswered questions surrounding the scandal and cites a lack of cooperation from several key players who invoked their Fifth Amendment protections against self-incrimination.
Christie isn't completely out of the woods just yet: The panel is reserving the right to press forward after its "interim report" (there are some questions being raised about deleted texts between the governor and an aide ), and a U.S. attorney is investigating the matter. In addition, the bridge scandal is hardly Christie's only 2016 liability, given that his state has repeatedly seen its credit rating downgraded  under him, among other issues.
But the idea that the bridge scandal negated Christie's chances of becoming president was always too much of a rush to judgment. For now, Christie can say that Democrats came after him and came up with practically nothing. And in fact, that's a pretty strong argument in a 2016 GOP primary.
Look, the Christie obituaries made plenty of sense. After all, the pieces all fit logically into the narrative of Christie’s political career. The governor’s opponents view him as a bully, and this seemed to be the ultimate bit of political bullying – extremely petty and callously impacting the lives of thousands of people who did nothing to deserve what became days of snarled traffic.
So the pieces fit, and even as it would have been a colossally stupid thing for Christie to involve himself in — the supposed motivation was nothing more than the lack of an endorsement from a Democratic mayor for Christie's coronation of a 2013 reelection campaign — it all seemed plausible. If there was a governor who would do such a thing, it made sense that it would be Christie.
The problem was that there was never any real evidence that Christie knew anything about it. And without a direct link to Christie, this is basically a story about whether he has adequate control of his staff. That’s considerably less sexy and damaging than “Chris Christie caused a traffic nightmare because a mayor didn't endorse him.”
The U.S. attorney’s investigation was always the more dangerous one for Christie, and without a resolution in that case, Christie can’t claim full exoneration. But the fact that a Democratic-led investigation hasn't been able to draw a better link – or really, any link – to Christie is a big win for the governor.
And until someone can credibly draw that line, the effect on Christie's 2016 hopes is negligible.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

Could limiting non-compete agreements foster innovation in a stateBy Niraj Chokshi December 5 Follow @NirajC
A street sign reading “Hacker Way” in the parking lot of the Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. (Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images)
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this post mischaracterized how Minnesota law treats non-compete agreements, based on Knott’s portrayal. While there are no legislative restrictions, courts are given leeway to adjust such agreements if considered to be overly broad. 
What do California and Minnesota have in common? They are the two states friendliest to innovation, according to Wharton business school professor Anne Marie Knott.
In a new piece in the Harvard Business Review, Knott uses a measure she created — a business’s “research quotient” — and the number of businesses conducting research and development to identify the states that are most “innovation friendly.” California and Minnesota rose to the top—both have the kind of successful industry clusters that states have spent billions trying to recruit.
Knott identified California and Minnesota as the two states friendliest to innovation by evaluating each on two factors: the number of public firms investing in R&D and the median research quotient score, her  measure of how well those investments pay off. California tops the list by both counts by being home to the most firms (235) investing in R&D, as well as the highest median research quotient score (103.6). Though far behind California, Minnesota stands out, too, with a relatively high number of firms (38) and a high research quotient score (101.5).
In her piece, Knott argues that each state’s success may be attributable to how it treats non-compete agreements, which typically restrict where an employee can work for a period of time after leaving their employer. But while such agreements are generally unenforceable in California, Minnesota law doesn’t restrict them. (There was a failed effort to change the law last year, though.) Judges there, however, are given leeway to adjust contracts if they view them as overly broad, often striking a fair balance between the interests of employer and employee, local lawyers say.
Knott’s argument, however, isn’t without some merit, says Matt Marx, a professor at the Massachusetts Instittue of Technology Sloan School of Management, who has focused on non-competes.
“[I]f you believe that job mobility leads to information sharing which leads to innovation (as do many scholars), then it is not much of a logical jump as employee non-compete agreements have been shown time and time again to bind employees to their employers,” he wrote in an e-mail. But non-competes are just one element, he says. North Dakota and West Virginia ban non-competes but are not home to thriving industrial clusters in the way California is.
While Knott and others argue that such policies can encourage entrepreneurs, companies argue it hurts business. Non-competes protect them from seeing employees join competitors and taking clients and trade secrets with them. Following California’s model, Massachusetts attempted non-compete reform. Gov. Deval Patrick (D) pushed for it last spring, and a compromise was eventually struck, but the effort died amid pushback from the business community .
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.

Redskins-Rams: Five story lines to followBy Mike Jones December 5 Follow @mikejoneswapo
The Washington Redskins return to their own stadium after back-to-back road trips and will try to stop the bleeding as they host the 5-7 St. Louis Rams.
This represents the 38th meeting between these teams. Washington boasts a 24-12-1 record all-time against the Rams, including a 22-10-1 regular season mark.
The Rams have won two of the last three games against the Redskins, including the last meeting — a 31-28 victory in St. Louis in 2012.
Washington is trying to snap a four-game losing streak on Sunday, and pick up their first home win since Oct. 19 against Tennessee.
Here are five story lines to follow Sunday.
1.) McCoy’s start – This represents the quarterback’s second straight start, and his first at home. But what’s most important is the way he and his offense get out of the gates against the Rams. In each of his first two starts, McCoy has struggled before eventually finding a rhythm. In the first quarters of his two starts this season (at Dallas and at Indianapolis), he has gone a combined 8-for-15 for 57 yards and an interception. The Redskins need better production from their quarterback this time around. Jay Gruden and Sean McVay have to come up with plays that McCoy is comfortable with, and McCoy must be keyed in and execute. A slow start proved costly against Indianapolis, and it could hurt the Redskins again as they face a Rams offense that boasts plenty of weapons. McCoy could be without his top deep threat, DeSean Jackson , who didn’t practice Wednesday, Thursday or Friday while nursing a lower leg contusion that knocked him out of the last game.
2.) Pass coverage adjustments – The Redskins again will be thin in the secondary. Starting strong safety Brandon Meriweather and backup cornerbacks Chase Minnifield and E.J. Biggers are all questionable with injuries, and Gruden expressed concern that the team may be without any of the three. The secondary struggled mightily last week , surrendering four passing touchdowns of 30 yards or longer. Coaches and players insist that the schemes are not too complex, but that instead, it was a result of poor concentration and execution. Well, the boys had better get it fixed this week. Haslett needs to do a better job of getting through to his players , and guys like David Amerson, Phillip Thomas and Trent Murphy, who all had big mental errors last week, must focus and carry out their assignments. Meanwhile, Washington’s defense could find itself short-handed in another key area as inside linebacker Keenan Robinson (the leading tackler, who also draws coverage assignments on tight ends) has missed all of this week’s practices with a sprained MCL in his left knee.
3.) Pass protection – The Rams have a very aggressive, very talented group of pass rushers , and the Redskins have regularly struggled in this department, including last week when they surrendered six sacks as tight ends and linemen alike missed assignments because of miscommunications and late recognition after the Colts defenders moved around pre-snap. Look for St. Louis defensive coordinator Gregg Williams to bring it with an aggressive, diverse collection of blitz packages as he tries to exploit Washington’s weaknesses. Trent Williams says communication is key, and McCoy says he must do a better job of identifying blitzes pre-snap, and then get the ball out of his hands more quickly.
4.) Body language/tempo – Discussing some of the most disappointing things he has seen this season, Jay Gruden highlighted the lack of accountability, poor body language and sluggish tempo he saw in the last game. He’s stressing to players that this is the most important four games of their careers and that he expects to see fight and a sense of urgency out of them. Gruden wants to see his receivers and linemen hurry back to the huddle and get to the line more quickly to give McCoy more time to survey the defense.  He wants to see more aggression from his defensive players.
5.) Fan support and frustrations – The long-suffering Redskins fans have just about had it with this team. With another season down the tubes, it’ll be interesting to see what kind of turnout the Redskins get Sunday. This time last year, only a couple thousand fans showed up to the game against the Chiefs on a cold, dreary day. Most of them left before the third quarter ended. The fans began displaying their disgust late in the second quarter against Tampa Bay, raining down boos after each failed possession. Thousands of tickets are still on sale for as low as $4. This could be an ugly Sunday.
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

The mayors speech about Eric GarnerBy Jena McGregor December 4 Follow @jenamcgregor
A white New York City police officer was cleared Wednesday in the chokehold death of an unarmed black man, Eric Garner, stopped on suspicion of selling loose, untaxed cigarettes. (AP)
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio gave a poignant and powerful  speech on Wednesday in the wake of a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to indict Daniel Pantaleo, the police officer who put  Eric Garner in a chokehold that led to his death in July. His remarks preceded a night of protests throughout the city that blocked traffic on the city's West Side Highway, prompted "die-ins" at Grand Central Terminal, and inspired hundreds of protestors to march through the streets chanting "I can't breathe," Garner's last words.
De Blasio's speech is unlikely to blunt criticism of the " broken windows " policing approach that may have played a role in what happened to Eric Garner — or in the simmering distrust of police in Ferguson, Mo. , where teenager Michael Brown's death sparked riots and national   protests . But de Blasio's words, as well as his decision to cancel a bill signing and an  appearance at the Rockefeller Center tree lighting event to instead head to Staten Island, stood in stark contrast to the public officials in Ferguson who often seemed   absent  as the crisis unfolded there.
In the speech , de Blasio spoke of the fear too many young people have of police. He sent a signal to those angry on social media, in their homes and in the streets, by echoing the line "black lives matter" — a refrain from the protests "that should never have to be said," but that "our history, sadly, requires."
And, movingly, de Blasio shared his own personal story: the challenges of raising a biracial son in communities where distrust of the police has only grown. "We've had to literally train him, as families have all over this city for decades, in how to take special care in any encounter he has with the police officers," de Blasio said.
He spoke of the worry, and the very real pain, of being that parent today. Again, he made his remarks personal while also repeating that his concerns are shared by millions of other families. "Was Dante safe each night? There are so many families in this city who feel that each and every night. Is my child safe? And not just from some of the painful realities — crime and violence in some of our neighborhoods — but are they safe from the very people they want to have faith in as their protectors?"
That ability to empathize may be a unique advantage de Blasio possesses. It's a "rhetorical strength," as the New York Times  wrote , that made him appear to be "trying to preside over the day's events, rather than to steer them." His wife is African American, his children are biracial, and he can speak about the fear and challenges of parenting them with a credibility that many other elected leaders cannot. And he used that perspective to great effect, speaking as a father  and sharing words that had the power to resonated with grieving, angry families.
Whatever goodwill his speech engendered will not, of course, be enough to quiet critics who question the policing approach that is associated with the police chief he hired, William Bratton. De Blasio  campaigned on ending the police department's controversial "stop-and-frisk" tactics, and brought on Bratton a year ago this week to help him do so. But many see the controversial " broken windows " approach, which has police aggressively go after small crimes in order to prevent bigger ones, as  part of the problem. Rep. Yvette Clarke (D-N.Y.) has called it "just a cousin to stop-and-frisk."
At the very least, de Blasio should initiate a critical review of the real effectiveness , versus potential damage, of policies that focus on petty crimes. And he should ensure that Bratton's earlier call  for a "fundamental shift in the culture of the department," as well as his promises to rid the force of officers "who [are] 'brutal,' who are 'corrupt,' who are 'racist,' who are 'incompetent,'" are followed up by palpable changes.
De Blasio's speech was poignant because it was personal, credible and empathetic. He demonstrated that he understands this is a time of searing pain for many communities. It was the right speech for the moment. But the next one needs to outline accountable action in reforming a police department that is still much in need of real change.
Read also:

Fight to save Paddington from deportationDecember 5, 2014 5:20 pm
The fight to save Paddington from deportation
Colin Yeo
His prospects of success before an immigration judge are minimal, writes Colin Yeo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf63deae-7b07-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FC Goa book semi-final berth after comprehensive 3-1 win over Chennaiyin FCBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:33 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 1:38 am
FC Goa beat Chennaiyin FC in-front of their home crowd with 3-1 win to clinch a semi-final berth in the Indian Super League.
The team coached by legendary Zico now have 21 points from 13 games — just a point less than table toppers Chennayin and are assured of a place in the semi-final.
Romeo Fernandes (23rd minute), Brazilian Andre Santos (41st minute) and Cezch striker Miroslav Slepicka (62nd minute) scored for the winners while Jean Maurice reduced the margin for the ‘Men in Blue’ in the stoppage time.
It was a match that was completely dominated by Goa save first 15 minutes as they went all out in attack from the onset.
With regular coach Marco Materazzi not in the dug-out, Chennayin didn’t have the proper guidance. The decision to field inexperienced Jayesh Rane proved to be a poor decision.
Goa got the goal against the run of play when Mandar Rao Desai’s left-footed pile-driver richocheted against the horizontal before falling to Romeo, who stabbed it home with a left-footer before custodian Shilton Paul could react.
Shilton, who replaced regular goalkeeper Genaro Bracigliano, had a forgettable day in office.
Goa made it 2-0 after a defensive lapse by Chennayin’s part as Slepicka found an unmarked Santos, whose left-footed angular placement beat Shilton, who failed to sufficiently narrow down the angle.
After the change of ends, it was another punch that rocked the Chennai citadel when Narayan Das’s punch was barely parried away by Paul as Slepicka lurking around made no mistake with the rebound to make it 3-0.
In the dying moments, Chennai had something to cheer about as Goa goalie Jan Seda came out of his charge and Maurice cleverly pushed it towards the goal to pull one back. But that was too late in the day.

It will be a huge honour to share the court with Roger Federer: Sania MirzaBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:19 pm
Sania Mirza’s dream of playing alongside Roger Federer will be realised when the two team up for the mixed doubles in the third leg of the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) beginning in New Delhi on Saturday.
“Well what do I say. It will be a huge honour to share the court with Roger. Really looking forward to performing in
front of the home fans,” said Sania, who is representing table leaders Indian Aces in the four-team competition.
Sania and Federer are scheduled to play mixed doubles on Sunday and Monday.
Besides Roger and compatriot Rohan Bopanna, Pete Sampras will be Sania’s another famed teammate.
Asked who she would choose between Federer and Sampras for the mixed doubles, Sania said: “Well that is one hell of an option. I will take whoever you give me. I don’t choose in this scenario”.
Sania and Bopanna are the lone Indians competing in the IPTL. In such a scenario, do they feel the event will benefit
Indian tennis besides being an exhibition involving global icons like Federer and Sampras?
“Most definitely it will benefit Indian tennis. This kind of a players’ line up has never been seen before in the country. It can do a lot to motivate the youngsters. There is a lot of difference when you watch it live and when you watch the game on on TV,” said Sania.
Bopanna added: “Speaking for myself on the subject, I think IPTL will do a lot of good. Being a doubles players, my
matches are not shown on TV. All my friends tell me they only get to read about them in the newspapers. Now we are coming live and all these young kids can watch us play, seeing us they can be inspired to pick up the sport.
“It is a great format and we have got some great camaraderie going on. I think overall tennis is the winner here,” said Bopanna.
An expected question asked to the players was on their experience of playing in an all new time restricted format.
“It is fun. It can be part of the next season’s preparation. Off season can be tiring otherwise. We normally spend lot of time with our team. Events like these outside your country is a good way to prepare,” said world number five Ana Ivanovic, who was sitting alongside Sania.
Sania, on her part, was all praise for the tournament.
“It has been amazing so far. Initially there were a few changes we needed to get used to. We all came thinking it is going to be a bit relaxed but like everyone is saying we are giving everything we have. It is a lot fun at the same time,” said the Hyderabadi.
“As tennis players we don’t get to play team events very often. With IPTL we have struck have great friendships as
well.
Ivanovic added: “I have not played team events before and when I heard about this concept, I wanted to be a part of it. Like Sania said continued…

Bangladesh Cricket Board lifts embargo on Shakib Al Hasans NOCPrint
Posted: December 5, 2014 10:05 pm | Updated: December 5, 2014 10:52 pm
Bangladesh’s Shakib Al Hasan can now participate in IPL-8 for his side Kolkata Knight Riders after the BCB ended its restriction on the all-rounder to take part in overseas competitions.
“He has no barrier to play abroad. We have lifted the embargo on his NOC. It was a unanimous decision on behalf of the BCB’s board of directors.” Bangladesh Cricket Board President Nazmul Hassan was quoted as saying on ESPNCricinfo.
Shakib was banned for six months on July 7 and conveyed that he would not be granted NOCs to play in out-of-country events until December 31, 2015.
He was punished for “serious misbehaviour” with the Bangladesh coach Chandika Hathurusingha and an altercation with a spectator during an ODI against India in Mirpur.
The BCB later reduced his ban by three-and-a-half months on August 26, letting him play for Bangladesh from September 15.
But a possibly a change of heart on Tuesday prompted Hassan to lift the restriction within a couple of days following which Shakib will be available to play in the Big Bash League starting December 18.
Hassan said Shakib’s improvement in behaviour had led to the decision and the players’ leadership qualities also hastened the act. “We are not against our players,” Hassan said.
“However, there are times when situations demand strict measures. The ban and NOC embargo on Shakib was a message to everyone that we will not compromise with discipline.
“I am glad that the player took the sanctions in the right spirit and showed his character by coming back strongly. I believe the outcome in the context of the Bangladesh team has also been positive and we have definitely seen greater teamwork and camaraderie during the series against Zimbabwe.”
The former captain is the nation’s leading wicket-taker in Test history with 122 victims in 34 Tests, and only two players have scored more than his 2,278 runs.

Gurdaspur cataract surgery: Doctor arrested  NGO bookedSome of the affected people in Amritsar. (Source: Express photo)
Ghuman (gurdaspur) |
Posted: December 6, 2014 12:30 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 5:58 am
By: Chander Suta Dogra
With officials saying on Friday that at least 33 people had lost their eyesight after undergoing cataract surgeries organised by a charitable organisation at a hospital near Gurdaspur, preliminary official inquiries have pinned the blame on “gross negligence” by the doctor, the NGO and the medical facility.
The 33 were among 157 people who underwent surgeries at the Guru Nanak Multispeciality Hospital in Ghuman, around 25 km from Gurdaspur, that were conducted following three screening camps held from October 31 to November 4.
According to Dr Rakesh Gupta, state programme officer for National Programme for Control of Blindness, a series of norms were allegedly flouted during the surgeries:
* The 33 who lost their eyesight were part of 49 patients identified from the final screening camp held at Gagomahal village in Amritsar and brought to Ghuman. All were operated upon the same day by Dr Vivek Arora of Vidya Eye Care Centre in Jalandhar, who had done the screening, too, earlier that day. The rules state that a doctor can conduct only 25 cataract operations in a day.
* The facility did not have a theatre dedicated to eye operations, as is the norm. The operations were conducted at a general facility that was being used for all surgeries, including gynaecological procedures.
* The organisers did not take permission from the district administration before holding the camps. This, Dr Gupta said, would have ensured a mandatory check and certification of the facility by local health authorities.
One of the victims, in an Amritsar hospital on Friday. (RANA SIMRANJIT SINGH)
According to officials, Gurdaspur police have arrested Dr Arora and Manjeet Joshi — a philanthropist from Phagwara who got Mathura-based NGO SK Netra Chikitsalaya to organise the camps and surgeries — on charges of negligence and causing grevious injury.
Cases have also been registered against the Guru Nanak Multispeciality Hospital and the Chikitsalaya, and- a police team has gone to Mathura to question officials at the NGO.
Before his arrest, Joshi told The Indian Express that he had held three previous camps in the last few years in this region with funds donated by Punjabi NRIs for charitable purposes.
According to Baba Sukhdev Singh Bedi, who heads the hospital, complaints from patients who attended the camp started coming in around two weeks ago, following which Joshi had taken six of them to the PGI in Chandigarh for treatment.
Bedi and his son and managing director of the hospital, Sukhvinder Singh Bedi, said that their role in these camps and surgeries was limited to providing medical facilities, food and shelter to patients.
Deputy commissioner Gurdaspur, Dr Abhinav Trikha, told reporters that neither the hospital nor the NGO has given them all the records of the patients operated upon continued…

Shiv Sena blasts Pakistan for helping Hafiz Saeed-led JuDBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 5, 2014 9:08 pm
Terming Pakistan’s support for the two-day congregation of the Hafiz Saeed-led JuD in Lahore as a conspiracy to support the terrorists, the Shiv Sena on Friday said India will have to make its own plans for capturing the terrorist leader without any outside support.
“India should understand that Pakistan will not hand over Hafiz Saeed or his associates to us. If India wants to counter the terrorism, it will have to carve out its own strategy to finish off Saeed,” the party said in its editorial mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
According to the reports, Pakistan government ran two special trains to transport people to Lahore for the terror group’s congregation which started yesterday.
The Sena also said that Pakistan had no right to call itself a terrorist-hit country if it supported an internationally notorious terrorist like Saeed.
“Pakistan is the only country in the world where terrorists too have classes. Terrorists who do not cause harm to Pakistan are labelled as good terrorists and those who wage a war against the Pakistani army are killed,” the editorial in Saamana said.

Day of terror in Kashmir: High voter turnout rattles PakistanHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

The worlds most racist Christmas traditionBy Karen Attiah December 5 Follow @KarenAttiah
Sinterklaas, or Saint Nicholas, and his sidekicks known as Zwarte Piet, or Black Pete, in Hoorn, northwestern Netherlands, in November 2013.
Two years ago, I was a freelance reporter on the island of Curacao, a former Dutch colony and a territory once key to the European slave trade in the New World. Within a few months, I began making friends, picking up some Dutch and Papiamento (the local, Creolized language) and absorbing a bit of the culture. Before arriving there, I had been aware of the Dutch holiday tradition of Sinterklaas (something like Santa Claus) and his mischievous helper-slave Zwarte Piet (or Black Pete). I knew that many white Dutch loved to dress up as Zwarte Piet by painting their faces black and their lips bright red and donning curly wigs. I thought I was ready to face this character, who is bumbling, mischievous and dimwitted, but nevertheless kind to children.
Nothing could have emotionally prepared me, however, for my first encounters with Zwarte Piet in the flesh.
From late November to early December, I felt as though I was in a colonial “Twilight Zone.” It was like having a front-row seat to a three-week-long minstrel show, with the capital city of Willemstad as the stage. Sure enough, people dressed themselves in brightly colored costumes, painted their faces black and their lips bright red and donned coarse-haired Afro-wigs. Zwarte Piet blackfaces were on the covers of chocolates, ice cream advertisements and gift-wrap packaging. There were Zwarte Piet specials at the mall. I was struck by how deeply embedded Zwarte Piet was in the Sinterklaas tradition and how integral that annual tradition was to what it meant to be Dutch. I found it hard to process the cruel irony that an island that was founded on the trafficking of African slave labor and that was 80 percent black also participated in the Zwarte Piet charade.
I became anxious about going out for those weeks. Blackface was everywhere. There is something especially humiliating to walk about in a world where my skin and hair could be someone’s “costume” for a day. (A Dutch man jokingly told me that my natural hair looked like Zwarte Piet’s. I didn’t find that funny at all.) It got to the point where I preferred to stay home. I wasn’t particularly inclined for social outings, especially when any questions I had about Zwarte Piet were met with defensiveness (“It’s just innocent children’s fun. Do you hate children?”), outright hostility (“It’s not our fault you have low self-esteem about being black”) or even name-calling (“Aren’t you being racist for saying Zwarte Piet is racist?). Frankly, it was a damaging experience. I couldn’t wait for Dec. 5 to arrive so that I wouldn’t have to see Zwarte Piet again. There wasn’t enough pepernoten or kruidnoten in the world that could have made me stomach this tradition.
A Zwarte Piet appears in a Sinterklaas parade in Willemstad, Curacao, in 2012. (Karen Attiah/The Washington Post)
While Curacao celebrated Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet, people from other former Dutch colonies, such as St. Martin, told me that those countries are less tolerant of Zwarte Piet because they are more influenced by the United States and surrounding islands. Curacao is a bit more isolated and in many ways is under a much stronger influence from the Netherlands in its political affairs and its educational system — despite its official status as an autonomous country. So I’m not surprised that the Sinterklaas tradition was so strong there. Colonial ties can be hard to shake.
Nevertheless, dear Nederlanders:Overt celebrations of blackface characters such as Zwarte Piet do not belong in the 21st century. Zwarte Piet, under the guise of entertainment, is a modern-day commodification of blackness as caricature, the mockery of blackness for profit and mirth. I stress profit, because Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet no doubt command big business every year in the Netherlands.
Zwarte Piet simply cannot be divorced from the historical participation of the Netherlands in the trafficking of black labor across the Atlantic. “But he is loved by the children,” Dutch people would tell me. And therein lies the danger: The Zwarte Piet celebrations reinforce, year after year, that to be loved and black in Dutch society is to be subordinate and inferior, an object of mockery.
The defense of Zwarte Piet as a Dutch children’s tradition ignores (perhaps willfully) that Zwarte Piet is a common Western stereotype of people of African descent, just like Sambo in the United States, or Hergé’s depictions of black people in “Tintin in the Congo,” during the time period when the end of slavery and the beginning of the European colonial project necessitated white European supremacy as justification. Zwarte Piet cannot be considered in a vacuum outside of this particular history, nor should the tradition be divorced from the context of inequalities that exist in former Dutch colonies or contemporary racism and xenophobia that persist in the Netherlands against people of color. Dutch politicians such as Geert Wilders engage in openly anti-immmigrant rhetoric.   Of the Netherlands’ 16 million people, people from the Caribbean comprise 0.9 percent, people from Suriname 2.1 percent, and Turkish and Moroccans a combined 4 percent. Up to half of respondents to a study from these communities report that they regularly face substantial discrimination in the Netherlands.
In recent years, more international attention and protests have put the Sinterklaas tradition in the spotlight. Last year, the United Nations sent Verene Shepherd to investigate the tradition. In a report to the Dutch government , she said that the “Black Pete segment of the Santa Claus tradition is experienced by African people and people of African descent as a living trace of past slavery and oppression.” She reminded the Dutch government of its obligations under U.N. conventions to respect the rights of minorities. The special team was met with harassment, threats and calls from politicians that they would rather that the Netherlands pull out of the U.N. than end the Black Pete tradition. A few weeks ago, 80 protesters were arrested in Gouda over the issue. Ninety-two percent of Dutch say that they don’t associate Zwarte Piet with slavery, and 91 percent oppose any changes to his appearance.
Do I believe that every person who celebrates the holiday is racist? Of course not. But traditions can be, if they were born during a time when people of color were relegated to being lower-class citizens and especially if they perpetuate that prejudice. Traditions can change, slowly. I do hope that one day the Netherlands will join the rest of the modern world and leave Zwarte Piet, a colorful relic of an overtly racist history, in the past where he belongs.
Karen Attiah is the Washington Post's Opinions Deputy Digital Editor. She previously reported for Associated Press while based in Curaçao.

Rlys swamped by investor grievancesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sadbhav Engg corrects on profit bookingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Khandwala Securities announces cessation of company secretaryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FMHR Final Trade: BK  RIG  DE & GPRO
Betting on India China Electronics eyes sales of million phones in 2015Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Panasonic Corp chief Kazuhiro Tsuga meets Prime Minister Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mahindra & Mahindra to foray into petrol enginesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Agreed my dear fren .......181 Followers
Reposted about 10 days 5 hrs 53 min 58 sec ago by New Boarder
if 8532 goes on nifty futs then 100 point dip 2 4o point dip third dip will be 2.5 of that

Alluminum down trend chalu haiCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Lowest turnover for one month period was 4076 lacs on nse on 5th nov w...Silver Member
9 Followers
Lowest turnover for one month period was 4076 lacs on NSE on 5th Nov when one month low was 46.55. after that ALL started rising. On 5th Dec turover was only 3918 lacs lowest since 5th Nov. May be ALL will start rising on Monday or tuesday. All global markets have ended will strong gains.Low fuel and interest cuts by banks will be added positive factor.
11.56 PM Dec 5th

20% upper circuit on cards!Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

US small caps outperform on jobs dataUS small caps outperform on jobs data
Eric Platt and Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5785e974-7c9e-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five takeaways from Novembers bumper jobs reportFive takeaways from November’s bumper jobs report
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6105d7aa-7c91-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

